I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching videos of Roger Federer yes or something or maybe going online and finding a date. Are you fighting a day mother Hazel, but you're okay. So here's the thing. Here's the thing. We were supposed to have a guest today very special guest but unfortunately, she got food poisoning. Oh no soul of people we did announce that she was supposed to drop by. And she was wearing to go like last night but this morning she texted her handlers and she couldn't well, sometimes it just happened. Yeah, right, you know you eat the wrong thing exactly and just it's especially if it's always stirs maybe yeah, you know, that's why I stay away from nazif. We just just oysters. Well, it depends. But get well soon to Hazel and belova. Yeah, I'm the hopefully we can have her on another date. Yes. I see. Unfortunately this the season for SLS so, you know, yes everyone out there protect yourselves. So hopefully we could you know that it's just postponed. Hopefully she can still drop by and we'll have a chat with her. So yes, hopefully hope so get well soon. Alright. So today we are going to have a top-10 courtesy of Lost Lauren. Thank you very much for suggesting the topic hashtag. This is interesting. Yes we exist. Yes we exist. Yes you like what what strange tribe do you belong to? So for example, let's let's give you an example my gosh. Okay. Yes we exist. Yes I crave intimacy, but when it's there, I'm actually repulsed. Yes we exist. Yes Yes actually I don't even admit there are times when I'm just like okay, I really really just want to be with someone I need to find someone right away but why do you want to find someone when you're just settling knowing that's weird because like you're like, I really just need someone right now and then when somebody's there is like can I be alone can you write can I go get we lunch downstairs and I'll see you later because I have work right that's how that's how it operates you don't just want you just want time to Of but at the same time you're craving for I don't know a hug. Yeah and go away. Well, that's what those apps are for right? Yes we exist. Yes. I love Pinoy food, but I hate curry curry and Tina gun. Well, believe it or not. I am not a fan of sitting down believe it or not. No me neither. Actually, it's the let me like, I don't I don't dislike it if it's there. I'd eat it, but I I have never I Think I have never ordered seen a gun in my life. I've ordered sizzling sinigang. Yeah, but like regular sinigang is not really my so my cup of tea. Yeah. It's a weird thing and then yes, we exist. I love my dogs more than my pamunkey. Yes wigs. Yes. I love my dogs more than my teeth. That's how about that? Yeah, but no, I love my teeth us to if you're listening. In case just in case just in for the reunions. Yes, we exist. I actually like spoilers before watching movies or watching TV shows get has hazel. For example doesn't mind it. Yeah, he doesn't seek it out. But if she finds it, it's fine. I'll I don't like spoilers. Um, I've changed my you should you should you cannot go out there and tell people not to spoil. Because you are spoil key spoil key strong. Okay, it's not accidental accidental moments where I'm here excited because it Hazel, you know is the only other person apparently who watched Survivor and we've done this for the past two years now two seasons each year, FYI. So Ciroc Thursday does come out Thursday. Yes, there is. I'm not get comes out Thursday and then but I don't get to watch it until like Friday. So Arthur or yeah, yeah until Friday, so they talk about it on a Friday morning and then I'm like, okay don't spoil it. I haven't watched it and they got no, no, don't worry. I won't spoil it and Mark he blurts out who was who was voted was an accident. I tried to mask it. I'm like, no. I can't there's no way I could mask this boiler and then so funny it just Alerted goes crazy when somebody's spoiled something on the follows and blocks people in there, but then I wasn't a spoiler at that time because at that time it was one of those things that you learn because everyone does it but know I need to stop I need to go to like, what was it sa a weight? That's a different thing. What did I say a sex addicts anonymous? No, but this is not that I need to go to well maybe that too but I need to go to spoiler alert Anonymous. Yeah, right alert Anonymous you should you really should. Yes we exist. I still don't have Facebook Instagram or Twitter. Ah, I think I know I'm not mistaken. Rica sister still doesn't have Facebook until now - like Unthinkable when you think about it both my parents. Still of his no Facebook Instagram Twitter nothing, but they still find a way to stalk me somehow. I mean, I think they don't have account and account or they have like maybe eight it's easy to stop killing because you can narrow your celebrity your you have stuff online. You don't have to go to Facebook to get info on you. That's why I don't post things online. But my my mom and my dad they they they don't have Instagram or Facebook. They don't have a presence online, but I think Have a pounds. They just don't want me to know what they are. Oh, yeah secret so they're like faceless accounts. That they use just to see what's happening in my life. I guess. I just want to see what's happening what I have a show that yeah, exactly. That's what I mean. If you don't have to post it because you are a celebrity. I mean you have online stuff that people post about you. Yeah. So there you go. Yes, we exist like what sort of breed of human are you if you're like a little different you do things a little differently a little bit more unique. That's what you said. The stuff that you actually have to say yes, we actually exist, you know this kind of person and so it has to be you can't be like I eat when I'm hungry that's a given it has to be one of those like unique different things about you. Yeah, you know people are like what their people like that and you're like, yeah, what's your tribe? What's your Neo try? Yeah, exactly love that. You know when you when you do use that term tribe exactly even outside of the Survivor context. Yeah, so the top ten hashtag. Yes, we exist go ahead and tweet us twitter.com slash rx9 3-1, please include hashtag the morning rush and hashtag. Yes, we exist. Thank you very much for trending. Number two in the Philippines in all your tweets. Take over coffee. Metal is hottest monster RX 93.1 now it's time for some hashtag tea over coffee. So Sophie Turner has admitted. She was never much of a fan of the Jonas Brothers Brothers growing up. Sophie is reportedly expecting her first child with husband Joe Jonas whom she wed last met my friends and I were not Jonas Brothers fans. We liked busted which is a British band. They had a hit called Year 3000. It was amazing. We were huge fans than the Jonas Brothers cover the song and made massive and busted broke up. It was all the Jonas Brothers fault. So he hated them ha ha ha nowadays. Sophie is known as a j sister alongside. Nick's wife Priyanka Chopra and Kevin spouse Danielle Jonas. Oh, that's cute. Yeah, so it's fun T. Hash tag fun t as opposed to hashtag T over coffee, but it's all you know, it's usually the case, you know, how like a lot of the people who eventually Julie get together turns out like special the hugely popular celebrities they end up with people who won either never heard of them. Yeah or two. We're not big fans. Yeah, I guess it's part of it because you know, you know, there's a suspicion when it comes to like really big celebrities that you know, you only like me because of who I am exactly. I mean, I mean who I am as a celebrity because you're a fan but what they want is somebody Who would love them because of who they really are not there through her say are like everything positive in everything negative as well. You need to accept everything. They are you get this thing. What if I'm not famous anymore if you love me because of me as a celebrity what if I'm not ticket anymore, whatever. I'm not popular anymore. That's a big problem nowadays when you fall in love with someone like that and you have this idea about them. Yeah that they're this perfect individual, but then you get to know them and you're like, Right. It's better to get to know someone from scratch for so for celebrities. It's much harder. It's actually trickier because you have a concept about who this person is. You kind of put them on a pedestal and sometimes Dubai like parent all our lives like you just want to be with your crush. And then finally you get together and then you like but I what I bought a big Fall From Grace, you know, because because as opposed to let's say you you kind of like fall in love with a regular person and then you realize oh this here. He or she is incredible Paula. Yeah, and then you realize that but when you start off on such a high, they're like the perfect human being for you and then you get together and then you're like, okay. Well, I'm gonna he Nina or mobile or whatever it is. You'll find things that is normal for human beings, but you don't expect it because they're supposedly perfect. So it's actually easier to set yourself up for a heartbreak, so it's actually Is when you know, you you get the marry somebody who's like I actually wasn't a fan so, you know what? I think it makes it extra sweet for the celebrity. Yeah, I guess it's more interesting that way because you get to know them for who they are. Yeah inside as opposed to you know them as this big name heat up cause you know, I've been a big fan since you know, I would since you came out into the industry. And then now I'm your wife. There's a little bit of like a Kid. Yeah, there's the courage to that. Yeah. Yeah. Well anyway, that was our hashtag tea or coffee. If you want to sound off send the hashtag to rx9 3-1 on Twitter. And with that we have the Jonas Brothers one of their old hits and 2000's Love Bug. Hope you enjoy this. Keep it locked only on the monster. Monster RX 93.1 time for the top 10 for today and we are thanking Carlos Lauren for suggesting it hashtag. Yes, we exist. Thank you to everybody where top trending topic in the Philippines. And the morning Rush is at number five and number four. No, actually I never bore. Hey, thank you. So let's start off with Ivana Mala with yes we exist. I actually hate crowds. Favorite teacher on but I love it when mixed with Gina De and mango really? Oh, yeah, me too. I mean I'm a fan of tutor on in any way shape or form. Yeah that that's the usual. I think we love ginger on in general but for Ivana, he doesn't like to turn on unless it's like part of the Mongo because I love manga. What's your favorite type of teacher on? The one that's all fluffy black lab or know the fluffy one the one without the meat. Well Anita, I love the meat. I also really really like the I know bulaklak. I don't like well, I like the touka but only in small doses like if I eat a couple but afterwards that sobran parent, there's just a little there's this sweet yet. No one will o'clock that I've tried that I keep going back to but nothing else has like been as Would they don't cause it's too rich for me as opposed to the regular teacher on if I eat bulaklak or be too hot but um, I super love it, but very quickly I get sick of it. Yeah, let's regular ginger on if it if it wasn't like unhealthy, I could eat it all day. I remember as a kid also find on yo. I know you could you would buy Ginger on in these elongated blast. Oh, yeah now I remember that I could finish one of those you remember the brand. Archy pops Porky pop that's what it was called Porky Pops. That was that's at the at the Dual of the plastic was a little container of vinegar. Oh, yeah. Oh, I remember that. And what's funny is we went to the same. We have the same. Alma mater. Yeah like in less. All right. Yes. Yes, they used to sell it. They're like everywhere. It's a popular brand like you go to the grocery. You would see there's an area there. That's just oh my God, but it's all right now they don't sell it in those elongated Plastics anymore. It's in a It's an irregular one. That's seven hide the top. Yeah, it's so cute. I love that the super malice guy says yes, we exist. I call it the Barrow to fix the faucet. Nothing more. That's it Pulaski Hazel guy and there's a problem with the toilet. Yeah, so I got you know, I go to the condo and I'm like, is there anyone who can fix it or do I have to call a two-bedroom and then Seema no maintenance is like sir. I can I can fix it. You know, I'm like at the bed with the Lower Side. Okay. So how do you do this? That is it something? Yeah, I'll just fix something and then I'll just ring the doorbell and I'll go upstairs. So it's like okay that was aluminium. Of course, my mind was on the toilet thing because it was leaking so I got my gosh I'm sending my ideas. That was big long out of sight out of mind again agreeing and doorbell develop assume people. And then see my notice mailbox on your button monkey wrench. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh, nothing like that. But are you a little girl and an embolic young what we always talk about when we say to Barrow be like this and I started laughs except your buckets here. So anyone that will mean I LOL you should have taken a photo like this is our resident came along. Can you make a pose? No, I didn't say who gets in his mind. No, but not all Alden scenario 3 magical young. I love you. I love you ranching. No, respite a shoulder injury. Oh my gosh. I like I think we talked about this too much we have well, we have this problem as well, but it's not my tubes that have a problem. It's more. I know my toilet because the bomb I have milk problems. Oh, yeah, so I had to call the I know the to Barrow as well. But this time he had one of those plungers. Yeah, and he you know, he had the same thing at your service. I know right RJ I got this is this is so me. I belong to the same tribe as Archer. Our jugular says, yes, we exist. I still use my old MP3 player. That's why I was asking you earlier because you know, I'm about to write a plane and You know, we won't have Wi-Fi. So, you know, that's why I always bring my old iPod and I'm so scared that one day. It won't work any but it's possible to download because yeah, yeah, that's what that's what I was on apps. Yeah, right, but right inning for not for anything you can always use your old iPod. Yeah, if it still works, that's true. I had no need for internet no need for anything else and for movies, you can download on Netflix. You know that right? Yeah, so but it's dependent on your on your Vice I mean like oh, yeah storage really because you know, if you don't if you don't have a lot of storage you can only doesn't save on the platform it saves on your phone that sucks it and if Sebastian says I'll call you in Hindi Takata liudmila Patna a piece of butterfly. Why would you be scared of butterflies are so beautiful? There are some people who have traumatizing experiences as children. You're the worst, you know, the worst are not the worst the funniest phobia of of a person that I know. I don't know if she's listening but I have a friend who is deathly afraid deathly afraid, you know of what what kind of um, see why she's so scared of calleman's why is she scared of Eligibility? She's so scared like what? Happened what happened in her past? Did you ask her but she's so scared and she's also scared of fish. Like like if you swim Canary Boracay, you're just swimming, right? You know those little fish that nibble on your toes or like well, I mean she's scared of it. I understand that because like I skeptical about putting my feet in to like things like that but column and see what are you gonna do it? I throw it at her. I don't know. It's a big one one day. I'll just scare her. Death I'll wear elements a costume like a giant calamansi my gosh. Am I Scott Walker and just walk into her condo? And I'm like, well, my brother is afraid of what he's not afraid but he just doesn't eat fruit at all. Yeah. He's like any any heart nothing. He hates it. He can't and he's an athlete see I think the one in Norway. I don't know. He just doesn't like fruit. Any for any fruit, he cannot eat fruit. He doesn't hate it. He just doesn't like to eat it. I can't believe not even one truth. No, he doesn't have a fruit that he likes. He says the only food I like is Jump boy. That's not a proud. It's basically a fruit. It was a fruit dried fruit like a regular fruit. No none. That's so weird. And then I have angles mangoes. No, not at all. Great. Nope. And I have another friend who's afraid of buttons. like button buttons on your shirt So what we used to do I went to school with her in Switzerland. And what we used to do is we used to put the buttons on her. I know the knob of her door. Yeah, and when she got there she get freaked out. She died someone to help me help her open the door. I don't know if it's stuck to her like jacket, it's fine. But like if it's you know a singular button on a table, she'd freak out like unsewn. Yeah unsewn button. She's fine with zippers. Yeah. I'm so weird. Um Camilla says, yes, we exist tactful titas who dislike and say mother. Do they even exist? I'm down. Oh my gosh, they do but they just gotta like maybe after a couple of glasses of wine, right John Doe awesome says, yes, we exist. I choose FM radio over TV knock. Well, that's the way to go. Um, Mike that are says, yes we exist I name all my Pokemon in Pokemon go all every single one every single one. Would you do that? I only name I understand one or two because they're special but like all of them say even the random ones. Well, at least you know, it shows that he shows love towards each of these too much work digital creatures. Imagine every legendary where you have so many of them you have to name each and every one of them. So we're what I was I have to put the eye Vanessa has for what if this person raids like once a month. Oh, goodbye. And the top. Yes, we Comes from let's see Camilo and Ivana mile away. They both say yes, we exist from Camilo homophobic gays, for example gay men who don't like lesbians or transsexuals. Or gay men who don't like gatorman. Yes. Yes, org are men who don't like or like closet cases? Yes, right. It's so strange. I mean you kind of like you fight for gay rights, but when you see somebody who's gayer than you you don't like them. It's interesting because like we did a study in school about Neo tribes and apparently gay culture has a certain like structure of Neo tribe. There's like the drag. Yes, then the estate which are the more gay but they don't dress up in clothes and then there's the invisible we're the ones who are you can't you see them on the street? You're not going to know they are um, if you watch pose they tackle this because you know apparently in the was it said in the 70s or the 80s 80s in the 80s one character who's a is Blanca transsexual? I think she is. Yeah, so she's a transsexual Yeah, and then she goes into a gay bar, but she's not allowed to go inside because it's like it's a gay bar. But only for very masculine gays. Yeah, if you dress up like a girl they don't want you there. Yeah, like she's thrown out and it's so strange because that was in the era where you know, they were fighting for gay rights and you know equality blah blah blah, but even within the community there was a divide and it's like you're not welcome here if you're in drag well until Until this day and age. Yeah, it's that way and the by recently we went to watch RuPaul's Drag Race and apparently there is a stigma versus Asian Asians in the states. What? Yeah, really? Hmm. They don't like they don't like Asians. You didn't tell me you were that Asian, but you know, Plastic Tiara and yeah, aesthetically they're beautiful but they're not but they're huge but they're not light. They don't they don't they don't end up getting people interested in them. This is the first time I'm hearing this. I always thought like an about Gia Gunn before no, I'm not done with the drag Community. I'm just talking in general. Oh, okay. I thought into drag well, you know in drag their their wow, but then I'll drive. Okay? Okay, okay that I get right. I thought the out of Ragueneau and also coming from Ivana mile away very interesting because I know Ivana and this really is true. Yes, we exist if I know my Lewis says I don't like girls, but I collect men's magazines. Hmm. You don't like FHA. Yeah, because it's okay. It's the the humor there's a lot of humor in those magazines at the end. There's like a whole like stories but strangely Strangely. I don't think it's the I think he likes. Does like girls that way but he buys it for the girls, I'd I understand. I understand. I mean it makes sense. Right your nowadays things are just means it's so fluid. The world is so fluid. I mean, I don't think he buys it for the Articles or the humor. I think it's really for the girls. Yeah. Well, I mean it exists and I exist, you know, they're very interesting what you're into. That's a gin to no one's judging right? That's that that's why I know this is a very interesting topic because you know you Kind of like discover certain quirks that you didn't think existed in other people and then when they share it, you're like really various very interesting the top 10 hashtag. Yes, we exist tell us about your tribe. If you've got entries go ahead and tweet us twitter.com RX a 3-1, please include hashtag the morning rush and hashtag. Yes, we exist in all your tweets. Monster RX 93.1 time for the top 10 for today, but first let's say hi to a few people locked in reading or ends rueful party soup Ginny who says happy right Wednesday hi to all the pH armies and rushers locked in greeting call me are be good morning to all the Russia's especially mrs. Jean of Cebu. Enjoy your vacation. Daddy Gorgon. The man says PS a hashtag TMR seen Zone. Bahawalpur and okay, maybe not say hi to Jessica China and Sanji geun-hye to Kudos vein and Friends roof fell again as well as a boy named a boy Zante zhen zhen katharina, Rocco and Archer Aguilar who greets juvie and a happy pill as well as Korea Anthony lastly. Cheers Mamba and one Mega moisture locked in and that is it for greed. Right. We've got our top 10 for today. Thank you to Carlos Lauren for the topic hashtag. Yes, we exist starting off with Ivana may love it. We love Christmas believe it or not. Now you don't belong Feb 24 what I mean how to decorate for this year, you know, it's really early that's a little too early and it's so funny. I was in a know I was in The Province a couple of weeks ago or Last week exam Wanga and apparently they won Best Buy tongue Christmas decoration in that municipality or whatever and it's still up until now their Christmas decorations. I get up I get the if you're just lazy that was in the movie now in the more you didn't take it down. But can you imagine those who like take it down? That was kaha Kaka takedown Palin millipede. I plan on Anna Leon for next year. Although somebody did tell me. It's actually better because it's so cheap now Chris. Yeah, so if you know what you want for the following Christmas you go shopping right after the Christmas season. So let you know like Fab, you know, that would be the perfect time to do it because bug suck Telugu young prices Newcastle. Remember they're going to have new stock next year. So the ones that were left over they'll be selling it for pretty cheap. But how about you guys? How long do you keep your decorations up after? Oh three kings. We take it down. We follow the 3 Kings is wait. What what these three kings again? Thank God you are worried about yeah, like something like that's all right after New Year's I like the sixth or something. Yeah, but yeah, but on the second Sunday or third Sunday of the economy Christmas is just that I mean for me, it's just during that season because he what they do November to maybe early Jack not actually big fans, but what we do is like Photo career for one year like Like with really planet with buy new stuff that was for the next five years. You don't you don't decoration. I mean, we don't change it that was you and after a while after among us five six seven years, then we're like in the mood again to like, okay, let's buy something new this time around so we buy a new tree we buy new it's a waste because it yeah, I know you got me Fiona by every year if you only buy once every Christmas. Yeah, we don't mean it that it's a waste of money because what do you do? With it, right? Don't do it after the Jedi Master says, yes, we exist. I'm a 40 plus year old man who weighs more than 200 pounds and I have a tiny tiny tiny chihuahuas a dog took a look at Scylla. I'm gonna delete it. They look like a site guy one is like, you know, like gigantic in the other one is minuscule, but that's that's really funny because the but normally you look like your dog or yeah, usually For a dog that's similar to you. Yeah. Okay. I belong to the church. You're boarding. I'm out. baby whale Yeah, you're so cute. But I haven't I haven't seen Igor yet and he's so friendly. Yeah, when he started getting bigger, how is this I was afraid that he won't be as friendly as when he was a kitten. Yeah, so we had like baby wails family over and be like, oh no, you might be comic song yet. Oh my gosh within minutes. He was sitting on baby wails punkins lap, I wanna meet ego. Go but my problem is if I come over but I'll see some friend. No. No, the rule is you will not say anything even if you see something but what but I know you don't have an edit button if I'm gonna like like leave after that entire like meeting with Igor and be like, oh my gosh, by the way spoiler alert. That's a fucking delegate his I am so comfortable in my condo. Ruin it for you. Who's that guy sitting on your back? Why does he have his arms around? Good ha ha ha. I'm sometimes a little while your back is a little heavy. It's my sling but the go on our jugular says, yes, we exist. I still prefer snail mail. Well, I don't even remember the last time I sent an email. Anything over the mail. The only time I ever go to the post office is when I pick up yeah pattern. Do you remember the last time you sent a letter or a card via snail mail May smell smell day while they was the one day was the one Snail mail, I remember there was a time when I was in Norway where Moira at the time before her big break out. She used to collect. I don't know if she still does but postcards oh so she asked me if I could send one to her from Norway from Norway. Yeah. So yeah. Well, that's okay. Some people really do that. They collect snail mail 0 gigabyte says, yes, we I have a best friend for more than seven years now and we have grown our relationship that people swear that we are muc Jawa, but actually we're more like siblings and I mean to the point that people young even your body language says Java Java because you know best friends who like they act like best friends. They don't act like Joe and then there are friends who are like completely platonic pedal for some reason. They're so sweet to each other. Yeah, not even the body. Language tells people that they're together, you know, they hold hands or Naka people that you know, bye-bye or sometimes people are more open. Yeah these days everyone is more, you know, touchy-feely everyone is more open about their emotions because people are open to talking about it because of the internet, right? So it's you know, it's normal. It's more normal nowadays to see best friends do that as opposed to before I'm a a little weird because a lot of people think I'm not Muslim being at all because I'm they they think I'm not very touchy but that's in general. But when I'm very close, yeah, there's an I'm the complete opposite. I'm like, it's like there's a magnet with my hands and you know, even with pets, you know, what Cinema I can get my hands off of like Like, you know, I'm so that g I'm so hello. There was this time by the Eastwood and we were I know when we were reading and I remember distinctly Chico and baby will walking and Chico was like holding on for dear life. Like I would I listen but I mean what happened flight the next week for your next flight Yan relax. It's true. It's true. It's weird because I'm so not that she with regular. I mean like in general in general. I'm not touchy sometimes even with close friends and just not. Yeah, but the opposite side of it is what I'm super super super duper close cinnamon and super touching a man. Hmm and sometimes I have to stop myself from being touchy. Because if I'm close to someone but I'm not sure if they'll take it the right way. I heard your myself from being that you pedal if it were up to me, I'd be touchy with many people like people I'm close to yeah, I'm just not myself because it back or they're not comfortable. So I have to stop myself but in general if I'm close to you. I tend to be very I think I think people are more accepting nowadays like well, yeah in terms of that. I mean before people would get more freaked out by the ya Niggas holidays, so like for example, Example I in you pee when I was in school. I wasn't into the beso beso thing. But because when I enjoyed my org, that's how we greeted each other like aluminum literally pops open a también the best Imola had you know, yo time, you know, I kind of got into the into the habit and then after college, I realize not everyone with us the best of the best for thing. So the very few times that began qunari at an event or something. Thing or like Rica? For example, you don't best horse. I remember the first few times that that you know, I encountered her I would bezel and then she would kind of like Flinch of people Ashima beso. So I had to edit my my behavior around her. No, I mean about the other people in general now, maybe not everyone's into that. It's really not I don't get it. What's really funny is here at best was like one one cheek, right? Yeah when I lived in Switzerland, it was three. Wow. So yeah. Switzerland it's three a friends it's too so you go one two, three and sometimes when I see my friends and I say hi to them. It's really weird for me because I'm like Along on in you know, it's yeah. Okay first beso and then I try to do this I tried to stay I mean step back. Yeah, but they keep going. Yeah, they're like, oh ha ha ha and it's like an awkward. Yeah event or you think okay. Wait is this one or is this three or is it to you know, depends on the culture? ER and then there's the best sauna McCutcheon cheeks and the best in the Hindi Matata chin cheeks because with us before inupiats was like like that, uh chin cheeks, but then there's the best. So now you are are kissling yo, but you bought an indie mon Tata Young you do the best of movement, but you don't actually touch and there's and there's also the the best with the cheek and lip You know, basically you owe me shocking Franco actually and we'll know in Italy my I had a friend she had she was like in a relationship with this guy right who's very hyper masculine and then he comes and kisses kisses me on the lips. Yeah, they keep well, I could see Europeans. Yeah. Hey, I'm gonna kiss lips. I'm like, what was that? Where did that come from? Right no, and they're like a Russian the bar. Amber there was this one Olympics by on now, it became such a thing in such a I'm turning into Sylvester the Cat my friends know like it became such a thing after the performance the gymnasts would give their coach a peck on the lips and people were freaking out like why are they kissing on the lips? And yeah people had to say chill this is this is Russia and in Russia. That's how you like that's their fist bump. That's their high five top. Yeah. Um, Mike Fair says, yes, we exist. I cannot cannot eat with my hands guide some Ian Baraka and or boodle fight. I asked for Spoon and Fork. Hmm. It's not my choice of the way to eat. But when I am in that situation situation, I love it. Yeah, me too. It's never my choice better pregnant Dana brunetti. Fighter come on. I find myself enjoying it. It just adds to the experience. It's messy Lanka safe for me and in general better when it's there and everyone's using their fingers to eat. I'm G is really funny. The first time I tried boodle fight it was late in my life. So, you know how you're supposed to eat it right with your your thumb as kind of your Cutlery, right? But like what I used to do is I just pick it up from the you know, yeah the Banana Leaf and I would just put my head up took me out like a bird. Bird yeah and like drop everything in and everyone's just laughing at me that like, what are you doing? Yeah, that's how you eat food with your hands. Yeah, you have to be thought yeah, that's something you grew up with culturally. It has to be taught and that top. Yes, we exist comes from I think I let's make it a tie a turban and Archer Aguilar Audubon and Archer say, yes, we exist from a turbine. I am TDH TDH tall dark and Humble Pie. Right right, you know good for you. And from our jugular. Yes, we exist. I actually use subtitles even if the movie is in English or in Tagalog. I know people like this Cassidy not for anything not because they don't understand it. But sometimes the characters Mumble the diode and they like they prefer to read it because it means something like an adult and as I've been here, yeah, please if it's subtitle you just read it as you want they like to follow it. They like the follow with with the show. The show and that's what I do as well. I tend to have subtitles. Yeah, but sometimes I have to have it on just in case I don't understand what's happening and it's an important moment. See you should really try to watch anime the top 10. Yes, we exist. If you've got entries go ahead and tweet us twitter.com slash rx9 3-1, please include hashtag the morning rush and hashtag. Yes, we exist in all your Tweet. Monster RX 93.1 time for the top 10 for today and we are thanking our topic sender Carlos lehder on for suggesting the top 10. Yes. We exist. Let's start off with Mike Ferrer. This is very Marquis and Hazel. I often just listen to tv shows not actually watch them. Means and I prefer to have them in the background but maybe not go out from Eva but depends on the TV show the TV shows like, you know a reality show that's not Survivor. I could keep it on the background and just do my daily chores. But if it's something that's really dramatic or really something that you need to focus on then I'll focus it really can't I can't watch something that I'm not watching. Like I got do two things at the same time. You're multitasking skills are no I can but but No, I really I really don't subscribe to the idea that when you multitask you do things 100% because you don't have two hundred percent. What will happen is you'll be like 50/50 80/20, you know, it will be divided. So for me if it's a show that I can watch 50% attention then maybe it's not a show. I really want to watch but if I'm going to watch it, then it means I really want to watch it and therefore it deserves 100% My hundred percent of your time for Mika say I don't know, you know, I get my mother Hazel more of if she watched it already. They're going out of my old Gossip Girl episode, then it's fine. Then she seen it, but she knows it's just want to repeat it. You don't get it. I really can't I can multitask but not with Not with TV shows, I guess or movies. I mean if it's really good and it it demands my attention then I'll sit and watch it but it's not then I'll keep it on the background because you know, I want to know what's happening in the world. It's like current events nowadays. You need to know what good Netflix shows her out so you can talk about it and not get spoiled rice rice babies. I prefer listening to Tagalog wrap then American Music after living in New York and hanging out with mostly black folks. I realized rap music is for them and it reflects their stories and struggles Tagalog wrap on the other hand reflects mine. Well, you know, that's very true. It's a wrap is poetry is a certain experience and it's very cultural, you know, it's rarely about I mean, it's it really reflects primarily the culture of the wrapper. Of whatever wherever it is because it back on. Yeah, let's say It's a Love Song. It doesn't matter where you are or where you're from, you know a love song is just love it's Universal but wrap you really see a lot of the of the local culture of whoever so true because it goes into their soul. Yeah delves into a faction of their soul and they're usually the ones who write the music exactly Roots Antonia says, yes, we exist aluminum young tribe nominee magua Peru Faithfully. Okay, you know the ones who say that out loud. Are either not faithful or not? Yes and messy that Jesse says yes, we exist. Come on young Indy command come on Cohen and screenshots to be able to use it as future receipts the bomb Mark is strong. But yeah this day and age it's actually wiser. I think it's wiser to have a set of screenshots people I am. Telling you if you don't have that and these and and you do something wrong or the other person does something wrong. Yeah and blackmails you were something at least. Yeah. I tried card necessarily belong in these are because in the Marquee annoying Marquis. Oh, yeah. Well, here's your text. You know what? I mean? Sometimes you need it as as receipts delegate as proof. Times everything boils down to your wear that yesterday. So if I have proof that you actually said it even if you've deleted the Tweet or the text or the whatever I have photos well and videos and video sometimes sometimes Zante zhen zhen says, yes, we exist. You must have been surreal a parama Gaston sakuraba. You know, I like most people at me first, you know, yeah, I am now, For one so I would spend on myself first if I have extra I'll spend on you but there are people like Cindy zhen zhen who would actually spend more on their friends and spend less on themselves. I was like that before. Yeah, but it's more on I would spend on my partner and I wouldn't spend anything on myself. Yeah. That's true. I bet that I think that's more common. Yeah as opposed to your friends, you know, sometimes you won't spend that much. When it's for yourself, but it's for your Boyfriend/Girlfriend husband/wife so branca job, but I get that but it also depends on the day then if you're with a group of friends and it's it's like a special day, you know, you won an award or whatever and you want to treat people and Splurge. Why not quite right, but every day you need to focus sometimes on you Carl Erickson says, yes, we exist. I'm actually more interested in Esports than actual. A lot of people are getting more interested in already have like a holy Sports Lounge in Eastwood now more and more and more. It's a huge Esports Lounge. That's true crazy, um cage Queen Andrea says, yes, we exist in the alcoholics are guys with abs even though I'm surrounded all the time with batak boys. So Jim I prefer tattooed. Chubby men the chunkier the better. You know, it's becoming a trend - it's because of Hazel. I think she's the one who's making it big here the Filipino. All right, go for that monarchs with them tattoos. You know, that's what that's what what she says. There's an Indiana man. They don't have to be my nose. It's more like build like chunkier with tattoos, you know, that's that they can be young but if they're chunkier and tatted that's how she likes him. You know, everyone has their taste right? Yeah and nowadays the people are our bottom board now of the sexy. Yeah, they really want you know, I know you Cookie Cutter sexy. Yeah, the one, you know, the chiseled face has the nice bodies the cute, you know, well Well, let's ask let's ask Chico's friend in in that coffee shop. Let's take the photo. I haven't seen the photos yet. Where are the receipts? No receipts. Yes, we exist are the bottom comes from. Well, I have known the name and name comes from Zu p. Yeah, dhupia says yes, we exist. I'm 32 years old very flirty Barrow virgin. Happens right? Like if you just met me you would think I probably get around but I don't but I'm very flirty very but it ends there but sometimes your manga no, not you Mom. Molly Lindsay's yeah. Those are the ones that are you know, who flaunt their sexuality more? Yes. They never experienced it. Yes. That was good man. You must super prim and proper psyllium freaky. Yeah, and they're like being Hook up with them in first year surprised that they hooked up with you. And then when they do hook up with you, you're like, whoa, Nelly. Where did that come from? Hmm. Slap a lion wild. Well, right, you know, it happens. And those are the ones that are are freaky and they're the ones that you want to bring home with you. I don't know about you but baby some people might not agree with you maybe for you. Yeah. They're the ones with experience. You know, I realized last night. I'm like, hey, wait a second. I have 10,000 hours. I think so. I know I did but with relationships so, you know, I was in a relationship and I had those hours do you do know a fish is caught through its mouth, right? Yes, they are them fishes them fish. So the top 10 Yes, we exist. If you give it to your little quirks your little Curiosities send them all in twitter.com slash RX a 3-1, please include hashtag the morning Russian hashtag. Yes, we exist in all your tweets. Monster RX 93.1 time for the top ten for two days, but first some hashtag RX greets the say hi to juice blank who's locked in and I sent it to your Marcin zone of a Corgi to get along the bottom up with Coco. Yan Lang Naman have William Matata. That's so true. Just yet. I know it's so cute. I missed Church bring church, but churches thin they do, you know man, but me I had long known quantity. X in the security actually both of nausea and he's more active ever since he became. Yeah, he walks around he Waddles around him. But now he has this big waddle telega like before it used to be it's weird. He used to like walk very likely La langue straightforward way to look at me Kim. But because he's comfortable with his body now, right? Hi de rennes real fellow who says, uh, the feels Man Who Can't Be Moved? Hope you enjoyed that Ruth. Happy Riot hatin says Dunham topic. Hope you're enjoying it hide a bell Joe Bell as well as Jan to awesome hide a Reggie Marquez. Good morning. I'm back. He says his father just passed three weeks ago. Oh Dolan says steal, this is Reggie. I guess Cliff to is locked in Happy Swag Squad day. Good morning, Marquis and Chico Coming Night 9e T. Ni. Yo Nikita Noosa Novotel that day you people came up to us and took photos with that oh yes of course yeah hello to them to thanks Cliff thanks for taking photos with us and hope you enjoyed work the world Diablo job is locked in Jackie kindly remind my wife that my birthday is near and she promised me to buy a Nintendo switch because I've been a good hobby that but God being a grunt having me but that butt why do you need a ride for doing something you should have done in the first place positive reinforcement light switch You want chocolate? No Pikachu. Mario Mario coin tighter side Chan and Max the max saying hi to oh who says the lawang Barack Obama and her board my own. Oh, yeah, like the ending the my hin hin call me RB Sana Arrow Arrow Riot, Wednesday 11th playlist. Oh, thank you germs Duvall is locked in saying hi to the floor rushers 7070 rudes Antonio. my iron and sexy chingu from Kuwait last couple Elijah space call is logged in as well as J Carl De La Cruz and Nico Ramos who greets Kimberly Inez and that if a great alright we've got our top ten for two days courtesy of Carlos Lauren yes we exist let's start off with Camilo yes we exist I believe that love exists I just don't think it's for me yes has he made on that one they don't believe in love just because they've never experienced it or it's never worked for them therefore they conclude love doesn't exist and then there are those people nah no it does for other people it's just that it never worked for me so no thanks that's true so I mean difference between like well on my side I believe that love exists if I find love great but if I don't find love I'm okay too yeah I prefer that because if you know but it's so bitter when people instantly say I know who they see somebody just got together and there ain't no ho Harlan oolong Le'Veon pero hace Rod engine in the end just because that was your experience but you know people have different Journal but sometimes they just say that because it's a joke myself but they do well if it's a joke it's a joke it's fine and like no I have met people who actually feel it who believe it not just because they've been burned many times they conclude that it doesn't exist it's a farce here's the thing and the end of the day everyone leaves one way or another either they leave your door or you know they passed away and if they don't that's hitting it's a fact of life so you know you just going to have to like understand that it will happen but don't let your abandonment issues take over but that's one thing it's another thing to say that love doesn't exist now button if you're if you're happy now with your relationship you're happy for now because you're my down gonna yeah and I don't like that because it's like just because your relationships failed it doesn't mean everybody's relationship will fail here's the thing love exists and if you're alone and you're single you can find love in different places like your friends your family yourself just find find love to keep you going you know certain Spas certain yeah and okay John has yep cilia the says yes we exist I don't believe in best friends I have friends but no one that I consider as the best among them that's why you know I sort of agree but I do say that I have like uh blank one of my best friends yeah and for me it's like for example I have a best friend from grade school high school who I don't hang out with anymore so technically we're not really super updated but I will never remove the best friend tag yeah because at that point we were the closest of closure or more than Brothers you know so like I would never not call you my best friend even if we don't hang out anymore but at the same time I also realized but then sometimes we don't know what's happening in each other's lives you can be you can be be best friends but not necessarily closest friend at the time yeah at every get that's why I'm like okay so let's have a best friend in grade school I have a best friend in high school I have a best friend in college I have a best friend early DJ days all of these people I consider my best friend yeah so I always say one of my best friends no I am the same way even my best friends from Europe even my best friends from elementary school I still hang out with I called whenever they come with the Philippines they call me up and they're like hey I'm here let's hang out and it's like it never changed it's like you're still looking at the same person you look that 15-20 years ago exactly even if you don't see each other anymore sometimes you don't even talk anymore yeah I have friends in the US that I only get to talk with like I don't know when I greet them happy birthday or happy anniversary or Merry Christmas but when we see each other oh my gosh it's like it's like we've never parted goodbye yeah but like that's it again those are the best kind of relationships simply nudge says yes we exist come on Xena being BTS and they zip code behind the scenes I'm Gordon not the K-Pop group I mean here's the thing I love I love BTS I love their song but until today because first in mind BTS the first time I saw BTS behind this was behind the scenes as opposed to the boy group yeah right so first you know first thoughts whenever I see trending I'm like oh behind the scenes that we check out what this movie is but it's usually the band The Trends Diego San says this is rare yes we exist I wake up at the first alarm and I never snooze first alarm just get up take a shower well that's you to write your belong that try to lose my first ice news all right because I have two alarms you'll alarm Union gentle wake up and then the loud alarm I usually Union gentle alarm ice news all the time but being loud alarm Nia it means it's time to get up okay there acaba says yes we exist you mañana sexy Hanukkah bug me my making a beanie babies and someone Okay, okay, you know Different Strokes for different folks Nell is to yeah says yes, we exist. I actually look forward to washing. The dishes water is my element and I always loved playing with water as a kid. So for me even as an adult washing dishes, it's like a grown-up way of playing with water. I guess or you could always try water for I just find oiliness gross because it's so when I wash dishes that we have aluminum spread name without an adult but very oily and but young. I don't know if I find it gross. That's what I was saying. Try water sports. You don't like Polo get water polo. Jetski yakking swimming if your water person are you sure but I love don't worry I'll Casey get fine do you have time to jet ski or rice rice Baby Says Yes We Exist you my healing commanded a movie so cinnamon nutmeg Isa one time I actually sat next to another girl who is by herself to Gusto KO saing a high five pero maybe break him sanctity nangi King money cinnamon true you know they went by themselves key light Spirits right let them be by themselves but maybe after you know give that quick glance like you go girl you girl you go girl and they'll probably give the same glanced back at you right and the top yes we exist again let's make it a tie cheese bomba and I am Allan Poe they both say cheese bomber says yes we exist I am deathly afraid of injections but I have no problems getting a tattoo which is strange because an injection is one time Big Time and at that too is like a a steady stream of Prix of of look like being Creek so I don't know if how you well I don't know a lot of people like those steady stream of Frisch's I mean there's a there's a pain to it that nobody's it's different now but I don't know it's a needle I'm pretty sure I mean I've never had a tattoo so me I've never had don't know how it feels for me cause if not for the pain I would have gotten I would have wanted to get a small one this month that do that hidden not not seem um I would I've always wanted to At that to of a man Theory a Man 3. Yeah, interesting ever since ever since I was a kid. I was like if I were to get a tattoo, I would get a tattoo of a man for a I want the tiger or something of that to that effect a cat like a feral cat. Yeah on the side of my hip. Oh, but I can hi Lola. How are you? Hope you're well. No. No, when my brother got the one that was the end of things. I mean, she's still okay with him, but she's like at least it's not big are you don't want use a no use eager as the model for the cab? Hey, that'd be nice. Nikki girl like a fierce bloodthirsty. Say I have Maneater. I have a birthmark on the side of my hip. Hmm and it's a huge Burke worthwhile as you can put it over your head and I want that to be fought on the the but the smartest people thought that when you had your majesty bench no it was hidden by makeup but yeah it's like the Pachi Pachi I know it's like I have Puma marks on the side of me that's why I shaped like a puma well yeah it's like you know what Puma with their their leg out like Slazenger something like that / when they're about to pound Ginger no go ah no like a leaping cat something like that not like Puma more like where he's about to jump he's about to jump and his one his right poison from his left and he's looking you know fairly at you can I can I just show you the the Sledge it's Laz Chuck before Ginger logo this will be interesting how does it look like I was right here okay see Slazenger not like that like that not like that it's more like the face there's a face looking at you oh like front view front view and the paws are one from the other about the pound I'm telling you you should get one that looks exactly like that I mean like like superimpose what do you think it looks like and then put an actual tattoo over it Yeah, that's what I want because it's because it makes sense with the anatomy that I was given. Yes, or well, right and then from I am Alan taught. Yes, we exist You in Spotify playlist Maybe TS my Taylor Swift exb. I'm under if I'm saying this right or XB e XV John Mayer Urban dub Madrigal singers Hillsong. It's an Eclectic like, you know. everyone needs during the day they have certain moods yeah and they want to listen to Maybe Christian songs or right or country I know you're imagine what for you jump from BTS to Taylor Swift to John Mayer to Urban dub to Madrigal singers to Hillsong wow okay wow well about diverse the go up an opera The granma Pina spoken word just to make it really eclectic yeah so why not that should be interesting uh yeah the top 10 yes we exist if you've got entries go ahead and tweet us twitter.com slash RX a 3-1 please include hashtag the morning rush and hashtag yes we exist in all your tweets monster RX 93.1 time for the top 10 for today but first some hashtag are excretes saying hi to Mitch 10 who says hello the aichi Marlin akina pork Cherry krizia Anthony Alfie and herself or himself Cortez ah Boggle bom and Maru so I'm dick dawg what's this let's check this out later it's a TMR scenes own FP J JR says finally woke up to listen like Thanks for listening. He says can I introduce you Chico to the wonderful anime of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure? Oh, yeah. I tried watching the first season. I actually finished the first season. It's so weird. I don't know. I'm not well, it's a Bizarre Adventure right? But but it I lasted one season. I just find it so find a song Imagine your telenovela anime pero times 10. He bought an option. It's Dramatic, but in a weird way like button button on purpose Nicole Asia, like the bad guy is like super caricature bad guy and then the good guy is super Kawa. It's weird. It's really weird. Okay. Okay. Alright the high to sherlyn CO as well as oh who says that you should get an inside of a manta ray. She got a mantain a man Time Tattoo. Oh, yeah so many ma keep a live stream mining birthmark the Marquis by the weekend. I'm gonna need to see Rico okay hello as well to I am try and Kikkoman machine who says hello the morning Rush Morocco's the show is really losing with masculinity today missing the sweet Hazel and Rica well feel better Hazel and Rica is has a job somewhere else yeah hello to tuna Mayo boy as well as juice blank Ian says is live streaming at home while working and singing my heart out to your playlist and that's it for greets um I must apologize I take full responsibility for the unbridled masculinity of I know my gosh just way too much it's I'm so sorry I am so sorry when I close my eyes I see Arnold Schwarzenegger oh yeah you talk with a job and accent not to be too Macho watch oh yeah yeah you know I mean I'll try I'll try you know you Gotta Be You Gotta tone it down you gotta open up to the rest of the World Unite machismo just comes you know to naturally right yeah Hee-Haw all right just for creates we even can't anymore with it along with she'll slap a senseless we've got our top 10 yes we exist thanking Carlos Lauren for suggesting it let's off with Leo Castro this is a little strange I cringe whenever I see words that have the letter V in it I can't pronounce elevator violin Etc without cringing believe it or not even just riding this tweet made me cringe what's wrong what's weird actually any letter I find it so weird that you would be averse to a letter maybe if you did someone who started with the letter V oh that's that's true right or their name was actually V you can't be like a BTS fun then why one of the members is V own of the okay remembers is the so see you can't be a BTS fan you can't cage Queen Andrea says yes we exist girls who actually prefer going to but those inexpensive Buckle Jim's over high and Jim's down while belong membership I just feel like people in high-end Jim's well a lot of people not all know man are just there to socialize well yeah not just socialize they're there to train em Ed and then a man and then I enjoy their time um let's see rice rice Baby Says Yes We Exist Malibu buying that by Edmund bill but make a date Malachy yeah well you know as in they exist I think that's the way to go because okay here's the thing if you let them pay then you owe them something with on the table is a big deal here in the Philippines so it's better to just paint along yeah and instead of being the Lagoon Filipina in that aspect you know be a strong independent woman and say hey okay I'm going to pay for my own food so you have nothing on mean why not right put on you girl good on you and coming from Mrs. Uh, sorry sorry my Lagoon tea tree says, yes, we exist six-footers who like being the little spoon. I like that that's cute. I think that's clearly that's what you want Giants in bed until I am little spoon. Usually you would assume that they would be the big spoon. Cocoa. The future says, yes, I look sweet and cuddly, but I like to get down and dirty. The well, well, yeah, it's been known to happen looks are I know deceiving looks can be deceiving right? You see someone who's like really cute on the outside. Sometimes they might have like a terrible personality and some people who look really scary on the outside might be the sweetest things exactly. You know don't judge a book by it's cover. Mrs. Benson says, yes, we exist guide is on the car than a coming mug boyfriend girlfriend Nicole panic button up. Oh, come on. Bathing suit covid made it to me. I think that's sweet. I think that's cute. You know, it shows how much you care about your partner. Yeah, especially if they care about you know, you looking good after your best at your best all the time. Why not? Let me jump well in judgment because the ottoman but I feel like it's exhausting if you're doing it because Gina judge Carla gets outfit. No, you know what? I mean? Like, yeah you begin when you go out on a date that was your boyfriend your girlfriend because like Like that unions with more I am among so Thomas. Okay not going to you know what I mean? And so you become panicky because you feel like they're never what you're wearing is never good enough for them. That's true battle. If you're just you're panicking because you always want to look good for them. I think that's I think that's sweet. Yeah. Um, our jugular says, yes we exist. I don't need alcohol. I can make bad decisions. Just fine while sober exactly never blame it on the booze because half the time it's not the booze is fault and you know the other half you just wanted to do it yeah why not it's just something like Twitter bird in your head telling you hey it's time to make out with someone where our yes and I believe you Marquee I'll take your word for it and the top hashtag yes we exist comes from rice rice baby rice rice Baby Says Yes We Exist girls no willing to become beards for their gay friends and the other way around and the other way around you know if for example if a girl needs someone to be there for them with weird Mannie guys and clubs yeah then they can use their gay friends are gay friends you know as beards as well not when you had a boyfriend yeah so so you know the man would back off exactly that's true the top 10 yes we exist what's your unique tribe tell us all about it one final match go ahead and tweet us twitter.com rx9 3-1 please include hashtag the morning rush and hashtag yes we exist in all your tweets monster RX 93.1 final top 10 for today thanks to everybody who joined in and sent in their entries thanking also our topic sender Carlos Lara and hashtag yes we exist let's start off with Mulligan tea tree yes we exist straight men who are open with their man crushes well it's like it's like women have been for years they're more comfortable men usually very like I don't have a man crush no but I mean that's you know that's very 90s very early 2000s but nowadays I think everyone you know because of Instagram I think as well you get to delve into the soul of a unit like it's very rare to find a man a straight man who would like literally refer to let's say the celebrity as man crush I mean usually they would say idle or you know what I mean like they would label well it differently but this actually is a man crush the way women say oh it's my girlfriend but uh it's quite rare I must say it makes you question yourself mmm right I'm in a good way I'll bet one Kenobi says yes we exist people who can read and write by buying wow I can't pay that's interesting again I mean I'm not familiar I love how it looks like but I actually don't know how to write if I have a chart I can and but like out of memory I can I can't either Rudolph Vincent says yes we exist you Mama he'll examine a sexy mama knows like Chico she go to some other Chico because I'm like really maybe she called me Rhonda maybe-- Maybe none part of Canada beseeching c'mere c'mere on De Kalb says yes we exist in these are celebrating birthday as in literally it's just a normal day no celebration no no gifts no nothing what's interesting is once you reach a certain age it's like I wish I didn't have a birthday next year but I know you don't wanna grow older anymore I want a man I don't wish I didn't have a birthday but if I can get away with not getting a birthday be well you haven't gotten away with a birthday for the past 36 36 years there you go 36 let's keep it at that um this I am part of this tribe from Roots Antonio yes we exist dog lover petticoats a dog's not that I'm afraid of dogs but if I don't know the dog I will not I'm not the kind who will just approach strange dogs and pet them I'm afraid of feral dogs once to start barking at you yeah like non-stop those are the ones I'm afraid of I'm very wary of dogs because you know as a kid I've been chased a couple of times and madinah Hong instant I don't if you can call it fear but I'm very careful around them like very careful around them so if it's a strange dog I would usually move away I'm not very comfortable with dogs I don't know yeah you know me then it's all good but if it's a strange dog specially big dogs I usually stay away you have no I know I know how you feel especially when it's a pit bull yeah I love pitbulls they're like my favorite one of my favorite breeds but when I see them growl I run away on a man I mean those are all I see sometimes even if they don't growl even if you assure me that they're the gentlest creatures if they're made your big you might be poong yeah Pit Bull or a viola German Shepherd Doberman the bigger dogs yeah I'm usually a little bit scared Wildfire said I saw Mackey badinage says yes we exist couples who prepare for their marriage and not the wedding we couldn't care less for the Fanfare of having a wedding what's important is the family were about to have very wise you know that's a wise way to look at things yeah you don't have to splurge too much on that wedding of people in the man would be like they like both they prepare for the wedding the ceremony the Fanfare but they also prepare my favorite the mayor you know how weddings are so big these days for especially celebrities my favorite celebrity wedding so far has got to be Mikhail dies yeah Megan Young that was all wedding no drama no nothing simple and even the design was well thought of but not not both so over-the-top not look at me look at me you know what it's very well thought of their artistic very very I don't know I like the aesthetic of it I love Megan usual and lover flashy kind of wedding but super nice such a beautiful wedding that was um let's see here drunk and Shinjuku says yes we exist I don't know how to ride a bike I learned how to write bike but I forgot how to ride a bike how do you I know people say you don't forget it but I did several times I keep relearning and then forgetting the weird part is I'm actually the son of a former Olympic cyclist that is the strangest thing okay you know what happens when you see your your dad or your mom do a sport right well that's what happened with me and something happens to them they fall off their bike or you know they get a caution I tend to stay away from things like that like for example now I stopped open road biking after my dad got a heart attack yeah mid-cycle and that's probably what happened to him once you got traumatized I don't know once you get traumatized by Falling or by hurting yourself or by your parents hurting themselves seeing them on TV or watching how hard it is for them to bike like that right then that's when they start to I know get traumatized and forget what learned it's true because I like Alcoa doesn't matter how long I don't ride a bike the moment I get on a bike I'm a little wobbly but I know I remember you don't I don't know it takes a short time to get back into it yeah but I love my own like you do you know how to ride a bike you're just a little wobbly a little uncomfortable pedal it's not like I have to relearn it or sometimes for example in this particular case the dad was probably like hey let's go let's go for a bike out yeah and sometimes the kid doesn't want to hang out with the dad or sometimes the kid is too scared that the dad will overshadow the kid so that's when they decide in their head that they forgot how to ride the bike true and from Ricky you says yes we exist humongous AA May specificness a pathos fun drive I just think it's so like good on you if you if you're that the kind I know of one at just one friend who actually leaves his driving shoes in the car and then when he gets in takes off his shoes and then puts on his driving shoes I just think it's so tedious yeah it's always a waste of time but my Lord did that yeah I got your very particular he has loafers that he wears right before he drives really we're driving shoes like as their regular shoes yeah but then when you think about it they're actually driving shoes those are the ones that you leave Matt just slipper is she'll yeah they look like loafers they look yeah and then those are the ones with the bottom little studs of some Maize front and some a heel yeah yeah that's driving it and the top yes we exist let's make it a tie wildfire and Peta tweets they both say Wildfire says yes we exist Milan is a cuarto de Roma do me and browsing history a lot of us exist like that it's really funny because I had I like on the Airbnb before right and I checked out my browser history on my Internet TV and I saw some things that I would never watch oh and yeah be careful and heat that tweets says yes we exist those who enjoy Jomo not fomo Jomo the joy of missing out I'd rather stay at home alone on a Friday night guy hit nyang friends after such a he's a little hottie Jomo because I have I've experienced both like iíve experienced fear of missing out like people are out and I'm at home and I'm like I wish I was out then but I had enough oh well at least there's more activity but I also understand Jomo like everyone is out and I'm staying at home and I'm like Yay I'd rather just be here and watch yeah you know I hear he's that I'd like to see by myself I appreciate both yeah me too so what about us what's our yes we exist hmm okay earlier we were talking about it because I'm about to embark on another vacation I was talking to Chino and then she does says he'll see I see that you have a league where you going well I'm going to the beach and apparently he's not a beach person and I was like you know I'm actually like 99% of our travels our beaches so yeah I'm part of that tribe I know people who would also go to the beach but would also do Regular travel like two cities. I rarely see people like us who that who really like prioritized speeches like I we would plan city city city and then end up in the beach. So we really really prefer Beach traveling more than any other travel easily. Yes we exist. I guess you know how everyone labels people as Gamers and because they play multiple games. Yeah. I am a gamer who dedicated my life to one game Pokemon and all kinds of all kinds from the main series to the the the mobile consult to everything I just fell in love with the game and never look back I play other games once in a while but that's only in between Pokémon it ever since Pokemon go came out I've been addicted so you know I've dedicated my 10,000 hours is this craft quote unquote and yes we exist those loyal Gamers who only play one game can I just add another I'm part of this tribe yes we exist you'll you have a you have an hour to spare so I'm like okay I'm going to watch something on Netflix and I spend the entire hour just deciding which one to watch that by this by the time I decide on what to watch time's up oh my gosh that's like me to I do the same exact thing and we'll by the time I'm ready I'm like oh no the one hour is over I have to go somewhere and I know you feel I'm the same way it takes me so long am I in right now and then you start watching one and you're like wait this is too scary for me let me change and then you go to the comedy I but Dewey and then like you just can't find something that's perfect for your mood finding that that show that you want for your mood but you can't decide they should have that on Netflix like what is your mood if I don't touch me Sabrina that was Michelle a mug to choose one imperfect exactly but thank you for joining us thank you for joining our barocco show today it's so straight yeah or yeah straight forward straight forward for straight to the point straight to the point straight forward yeah it reached you know a point where people were like are we listening to the morning Rush where's the masculinity where's Rica ha ha ha bye guys