Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we want to do at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area. some jazz number 10 Iron Mountain Origins permanent canals to renowned mushroom farmer needed more space for his mushrooms. So in 1936, he bought some land on an abandoned iron ore mine to expand his business as the mushroom business changed can oust shifted his business plan and in 1951 rechristened the abandoned climate-controlled mine the Iron Mountain Atomic storage Corporation as the Red Scare gripped the Nation Businesses lined up to hide their documents in the Iron Mountain volts and what to do. No, well, maybe three billion dollars a year in Revenue. There are above and below ground storage vaults located across the world included in. This is an abandoned Limestone mine in a super-secret location in Pennsylvania. That is one of the most secure settings in the entire United States number 9 Hasbro origins in 1923. Three Brothers started a textile company that sold fabric remnants and hassenfeld brothers was born for the next two decades the company expanded their catalog to pencils and other school supplies. Flies in 1964 The company took a chance and started to manufacture the GI Joe action figure and how about now? Well the gamble paid off and Hasbro became one of the largest toy makers in the United States with over four billion dollars a year in revenues. Their acquired subsidiaries have created toys that vary from Parker Brothers board games to Tiger Electronics has Furby number 8 Western Union Origins In 1855. The Western Union Telegraph company was born for those of you not in life. Is on Telegraph technology, the telegraph was a communication tool slightly less advanced than two cans connected by a string in 1884. Western Union was one of the first 11 American companies on the newly created New York Stock Exchange by 1900 Western Union operated over a million miles of telegraph lines. And what about now while the telegraph industry has long been dead and buried but through aggressive Acquisitions Western Union is now one of the largest money transfer companies in the world. Old with revenues of over five billion dollars in 2010 number 7, Texas Instruments Origins founded in 1951, Texas Instruments was created From the Ashes of geophysical Service Inc. The primary customers at the birth of the company bought their equipment in these seismic industry in 1967. The handheld calculator was pioneered by the company and a generation of schoolchildren depended on the T1 to pass their maths test. And what about now with revenues over 12 billion dollars a year? Texas Instruments still makes calculators, but with a calculator on nearly every computer and cellphone the real money now lies in its semiconductors chips for cell phones and digital signal processors number six 3M Origins founded in 1902 in rural, Minnesota 3M quickly failed when they're corundum mine turned out to be an author site mine for those who are non earth science Majors. This was a very very bad thing. The investors regrouped moved to the larger city of Duluth and started to make sand. Paper and what about now headquartered in Minnesota's Capitol State of st. Paul 3M manufactures products that include but are not limited to Bondo Scotch tape. Post-it notes Scotchgard hockey grip tape skin tape thinsulate and stethoscopes 3ms revenues were nearly 30 billion dollars in 2012 number five American Express Origins founded as an Express Mail business in Buffalo New York in 1850. American Express was born from the mergers of multiple companies buying its Assets in New York City four short years after its founding the headquarters was to follow in 1874 the company's signature contribution to the world of Finance was conceived in 1890. And that was The Travelers check. And what about now a Titan on Wall Street American Express's revenues were about thirty three billion dollars in 2012 between their banking credit card and traveler's checks Services. Yes, and amazingly enough people apparently still do use traveler's checks number four Dupont Origins founded in 1802 as a gunpowder manufacturer Du Pont grew quickly in the United States supplying half the gunpowder to Union troops during the Civil War. And what about now? Well, despite being a major weapons supplier during both world wars du pont's Focus has clearly shifted into the chemical industry providing such cutting-edge polymers as Teflon and Kevlar Dupont is also known for pain Technologies and genetically altered seeds. All divisions combined have netted Dupont nearly 40 billion dollars a year in overall Revenue number three well, Fargo Origins basically the same Investment Group that formed American Express. They turned around a year later and formed a second Express Mail company in California within a few years though with California flush with gold money Wells Fargo opened its first bank. And what about now one of the four largest banks in America Wells Fargo has grown exponentially in the past 20 years through multiple Acquisitions Wells Fargo Services besides banking offer almost any possible Financial solution available with 86 He's billion dollars in Revenue in the year. 2012 Alone. Number two Cardinal Health origins in 1971. Cardinal Foods was a regional food wholesaler in the state of Ohio within ten years the company began aggressively acquiring drug and pharmaceutical companies. And what about now in just over a generation Cardinal Health has grown exponentially in the pharmaceutical Market with over 100 billion dollars in Revenue in 2010, besides pharmaceutical and medical supplies. Cardinal operates the largest network of radio pharmacies in the United States number one IBM origins in 1911. The Computing tabulating recording company was formed from the mergers of four companies the tabulating Machine Company Computing Scale Company Bundy manufacturing company and the international time recording company CTR made products as varied as clocks scales meat cutting equipment and punch card equipment in 1924. CTR was renamed Channel Business Machines or IBM for short and what about now with revenues of over 105 billion dollars in 2011. IBM is a giant in the computer World Hardware software IT services UPC codes you name it despite some of the punch card equipment and tabulating systems being distant ancestors to the computer. No one in 1924 could have foreseen IBM being on The Cutting Edge of super computer technology employing over 100,000 people in the United States alone. Own so I really hope you enjoyed the audio version of one of our YouTube videos. If you did, please do consider heading over to wherever you podcasts and leaving us a review it be greatly appreciated. You can also say hi to me on social media at Simon Whistler. Check out our YouTube channel on YouTube just search top 10s t.o.p. Tean Z, and I'll see you next time.