All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with some of the conversations we have maybe a couple of guests. Maybe sometime in the future if we continue this, maybe some QA definitely. Alrighty, well. I don't know. How was your day? It was good, you know, you didn't teach you much just worked. Yeah, so my job, I work as a call center representative for this family owned and operated company here in San Antonio and I like it. It's my first job being on the phones to any I just started my third week here so crazy story about that too. Is that all my second week of just working there? I had broke like a Record there for like the most calls made out and my one of my bosses he gave me a $10 Chick-fil-A gift card and I was like, alright cool, you know didn't think too much of it. Like all right, you know, it's a pretty cool and I can get used to this and that, you know, I'm going about my day and that yesterday that I'm working it whatever and my but one of my bosses he calls me into his office is like a Tim, you know, can you come over here for a second? And at first like my heart just starts beating. Eating because I thought like I did something wrong or I got in trouble or something. Like I didn't know what happened and that you know all the it says like a family that I want to the company. So it's the dad and all the brothers are just there sitting around and they're the Daddy's that go ahead and pull up a chair to you know, I pull up a chair and my heart is just beating at this point because I didn't know what was going to happen. I mean, I haven't done anything bad, you know, like maybe there's been a couple times where I've just kind of you know, We laid back for a second just to kind of have like a quick mental break. And so, you know, they asked me was like well, how do you like it? So far? You know what? I told him I said, you know, I love it. You know, I'm having a really great time here, you know, it's a lot better than my last job, which will probably save for another episode or something that he's like. All right, cool. You know, I'm glad to see that you like it and you know, we've been seeing that you've been busting ass lately, and we wanted to give you a reward. So how would you like to Spurs tickets for tonight? And that I was like Starstruck. I didn't even know like At first I didn't even comprehend what he said and I was like two Spurs tickets. I was like what and that I like I was just kind of like I just kind of like froze for a second because it's like yeah, it's like Spurs tickets and I haven't been to his first game in like 10 years or so. It's been a while but not only that what else and that that they're like, yeah, you know, we have these season tickets here and you know, we like to see that we like to reward hard workers, you know that work for us because I was like, wow, you know like this is incredible, you know. Thank you. So is so it was like two tickets parking pass and on the tickets. It has like a little thing there. It's called like the Saddles and Spurs club and it's like the VIP so we can get into like VIP areas and everything and it was pretty cool and we had some like really good seats, you know, we're like really close down. It's the furthest down I've ever been before and man. It was like something else, you know, like it's just like one of those things where you just can't believe it. It's like it's like one of those things that you hear about maybe one of your for like happening to one of your other friends and like man, you know, that's really cool. You know, I'm happy for them. But I wish that would happen to me, you know, so so that's exactly how I felt. I was like man, it's like one of those videos where they like give people like the gifts. I give to someone give someone else money or whatever, you know, it's like one of those videos and it's just like man like why me. I mean, yeah like No, I haven't making a I have been working really hard, you know since I started and so I'm glad that they you know recognizing actually reward me for it, but like Spurs tickets because at first I was thinking about declining it just because it seemed like so much, you know, but of course I didn't decline them, you know, it's free sports tickets. I'm not going to give it a it was fun. We went yesterday. We had a really good time. You know, so yeah, that's what happened to me. That was really fun. Tell me tell me go ahead and tell your part of it from whenever you got the call from me. I don't even want to do that. Just because because it's okay, so I called in to work. I work at this restaurant called Wingstop. Everybody knows it. Yum. Yum. All right, I was like, oh maybe he just told me I'm going to need you to call in no questions asked and I'm like, I guess I was like, okay fine. So I call in whatever and he died. I get ready. I don't know what I'm going into. So, you know, it's talking about the phone. He tells me that he's so excited. So I'm like, okay well must be good. So whatever I get downstairs, he picks me up and then he tells me that we have tickets and I was like, okay cool. And so I'm looking at the tickets and I was like his Hero whatever blah blah, and I was like 17. Holy shit. Like like what the fuck that's I was like, I wasn't like thinking at first was like yeah, bro 17, but that I'm like thinking 17 people in front of me. I'm like, holy shit were that close to the fucking Court? Like I had I was so happy once you realize how close we were yeah, definitely like I like, I've only they got in the nose but seats with my dad, you know, and every like event that I go with you like we either VIP or were fucking you know, 17th. Well apparently So I'm I'm being taken care of, you know, so yeah, that was our day yesterday. You know, it was a pretty crazy day. I just think that you know, it's crazy that because it's still like I'm barely I just barely started a couple weeks ago, you know, obviously like any other job, you know people can work there for years and years and years and never get anything and I'm just so happy to be blessed with this job because at first my last job, you know, I don't really at first my last job was kind of cool but after so long, you know, I didn't really like it. I realized it was kind of hurting me and Christina like financially and then me mentally so I just couldn't I couldn't stay there anymore and I found this job and I was like, all right, you know, I've never been on phones before so I guess I'll try it. So yeah, I'm really happy that I did, you know switch jobs and that you know, I'm happy to be at this new job that I have now. Yeah, it's really funny and I do enjoy working there do have a lot of fun. It's like all my other jobs. We just sit around do some work and talk shit all at the same time. It's my favorite part about it. And you know, obviously it's a call center. So it's like most of the girls, you know, there's only like a couple other guys that I kind of talked to on the day-to-day basis and then the technicians that go in and out of the office all day. Alrighty. Well, I'm sure you're wondering how you know how long me Tim to be together and if you have it. Well, I'm gonna tell you anyway, so we've been together for a little over three years now four years in August this year. We met through high school. So initially how we had Matt was we were both in band in high school high school and middle school were both in band and when you're transitioning from middle school to high school. For Ben, they have like a little training rookie Camp, you know for incoming freshmen because we were starting to do marching band and it was our first year. So obviously there's a lot to learn about it in a different techniques or whatever in different playing and what some people you know, we have to switch instruments because we can't march with the with our concert instruments, you know, and that over over there during the rookie Camp. That's where me and Christina had man. That she was a friend of her friend at the time that my friend Michael was friends with her. I saw that he was friends with her, you know, obviously I see these cute girl and I'm like, all right. I got to go meet her, you know, so I asked my friend Michael to go introduce me to her and so he does and we meet whatever and that, you know, we just became friends over like the next couple days and then summer goes by and that we And there we get back together for Bend like at the end of July and then we you know band camp stuff. Oh, yeah. Yeah just start learning the show and everything, you know, we ended up getting closer, you know, all of his friends will always liked you so when you think about Tim, what do you think about Tim? I was like what is there to think about him and then you go ahead and finish your story. I just I figured I wasn't talking as much it's the turquoise be showing that's fine. You know, you gotta remember. This is our first episode, you know, just starting out. So it's fine. Well, we're going to have some bumps here and there but you know, we'll get through it. Yeah. So yeah. So we're there for fresh ring Kapoor first one cap band camp whatever you want to Summer band and there we get through it all and then school starts and the first day of school going throughout the day is like, all right, cool. Obviously we have band together. And that when me and Christina were walking to our band class and we thought that it was the other band hall because at our high school there was two different campuses. There was a main campus and a freshman campus. So they had all the freshmen over obviously at the Freshman Campus and then they had all the you know, sophomores Juniors and seniors at the main campus and that we thought that the band hall was at the main campus, but it'll being at the Freshman Campus and they had these little shuttle buses to take you back and forth because it was a little bit of a walk to get from both of them. So they had little shuttle buses for us to take back and forth. And so we ended up being late to that class because we had both walked to the to the wrong band hall and I was really funny. You know, I'm glad we share that moment together to yeah and um, yeah like, oh you're dumb to yeah, and then ironically after ban we Go to lunch after lunch would go I went to Spanish and then I went geometry was next right? I don't even ask me what freshman year my you like what I had. All right. Well, I'm going into my geometry class and I see Christina they're you know, and they're like, yeah, that's exactly what I'm trying to say because our freshmen are freshmen classes were like you had to either two choices of math so you can do are the regular math which is Like Algebra 1 or whatever know that started in middle school though. Yeah, but I'm just like I'm trying to say like because there is an advanced mask math class that you would have had to have started a middle school. And then there's just like the basic math which he started middle school and that freshman year. I saw that we're both in the advanced math class and I went up to her and I was like, oh my God, you know, I didn't know you were smart, you know, obviously at the time, you know me being 14 years old not knowing Yes to be smart. I guess yeah, pretty girls can be smart too. Yeah, and that you know, we get caught we ended up taking a picture in my class. But neither of us have that picture anymore. She long gone. It was against like some like paper curtains. Yeah, but everything I did in freshman year was so stupid. But yeah, so that was my favorite class freshman year, obviously because you know me and her we'd always get in trouble all the time. Time always be talking never doing our work, you know, it was Advanced but we were not Advanced. We want Advanced we want to advance enough either that we were too advanced for that class. Look I know this stuff and then the test would come and be like, well, I guess we didn't know that. Yeah, I don't know. I feel like we were we weren't learning we weren't even like we weren't lining that class. We're focused about learning about each other and we just like focused on each other. Yeah, we learn more we learn more about each other than Did about in the class probably so that's initially, you know, how we started and that we didn't seriously start dating until junior year of high school. We won't talk about what happened until later if you really really want to know but probably still talk about it just for another episode, you know, mhm. Uh, we've been through our ups and downs baby. Yeah. We've been to ups and downs over the past couple years, you know, and I'm happy to still be here with her. I'm happy that she still here with me, you know, we've been through so much and I'm glad that we're still here in the end. If you haven't heard of my anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast like crispy explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. ANC hor dot f m Okay, so on to the next topic, how was your day today? I thought I had work but I don't I check my schedule like in the morning. I usually work like the night shifts. So I didn't work today. I was like hell, yeah, but tomorrow I guess somebody's going to work on our apartment because we have like a hole in our shower. So I was like the last time he came like they never come whenever. You ask them to they want to come whenever they can and I mean that's good. But like I don't feel comfortable. It's like a long time later compared to that's a long time. They were like, we literally put this in January. They come in February February March. They literally came last week. I was like what I said this I said this at the beginning of January, like where were you boy, so whatever not going to worry about that, you know, it's their time. I'm glad they're coming to help fix, you know our situation, but we're not Being held responsible for it. Yes, so I was like, the last time we came out our apartment was super dirty, like close over the floor trash whatever you name it was on floor, but not do do do do it's just so bad. I don't want people to know how to do I know. But anyway, so I cleaned that all today. I vacuum I sprayed the air. I I did I named it I couldn't Counters anyway, so I made it Immaculate today. I still haven't gotten to the bathroom, but I need to I need to get everything out of the bathroom. But I mean I came today it was a hard work day, you know, and then I made dinner for Tim and oh me and Tim live together. Obviously if that wasn't clear clear. So so I guess that's another thing we can kind of talk about a little bit we've been living together now. Now if I welcome months, well, technically we've been in this apartment for a couple months getting close to a year already. Lisa is almost coming to an end planning on renewing it, but technically we've been living together for almost two years. Because before I used to live with my brother and that, you know, she needed a place to live and that she came in secretly lived with me. You know, I didn't tell anyone because I was like, well, it probably won't be she probably won't be here for long. I'll just let her stay here for a while and no one will notice, you know, obviously my brother noticed but you know after a while, you know, she went to go live with someone else and then I ended up moving in with her and her parents and then we ended up just getting our own place. Yeah, and you know, it's like something different, you know, obviously just like it just it just feels weird all for all because you know, you just transitioning from being like a teenager until like an adult. Yeah. It's just like a weird like transition. It was a weird transition just because you like your like on your own now, you know, it's something different, you know, not that it's you know, obviously like, you know, there are things that we didn't expect there's a lot of things that we don't know about. There's still a lot of things for us to learn, you know about obviously, you know with stuff that we know now, you know, it's helped us, you know, get through what we're going through. Well learning. We're learning it the going through it together and I feel like that really helps us see what I'm saying going to I had just been going through like the adult life. Well, we're not going through anything or not in hard times right now. Would you we're just trying to get through the adult life right now, you know taxes is she. Woody I'm about to vote for the first time this year. Are you going to vote? I'm trying have you registered. What is that? Let me go. There's an example right there. No, she has to register to vote. I mean, so at my old old job. I worked with a bunch of with the bunch of middle guys. I want I guess so guys man that were older than me. I don't want to say old men. Because obviously I don't know who's gonna listen to this day. I'm going to dialysis. Yeah, I don't know who's listening to this podcast and I don't want to hear anybody saying well that's not old the hell known walking out there. They're people, you know, 40s and 50s, you know, obviously to us that seems a little older because they're twice our age but you know, obviously the some other people they're not as old to some people they're young, you know, that's what I'm saying man that older than me and that, you know, obviously they have adult conversations one of them being about politics. And one time they asked me they said well, who do you like in our you Democratic or Republican? And I you know, I gave him probably the most intelligent answer I've ever answered a question. I told him I said I do not know enough about either or to know which one I am. I don't know which one I like and I don't know enough about politics say which one I like her don't like, you know, I don't have any real opinions on you know, any anyone in politics any presidents. Vice-presidents, you know anybody any councilman whoever I don't have any real opinion just because I don't know anything not that I don't want to know anything. It's just that there's so much to know that it would take me too long for me to actually know and learn everything about everything. You know, that's probably a reason why I have such a hard time, you know voting this year. Is that just because I don't know anything about anybody that I don't know who I would vote for why I should vote for people and obviously when I try to ask People everyone tells me the same thing, which is just something that I already know. I tell me we'll just do your research look it up, you know. The only thing about that is just that everything is so conflicted these days, you know, because every anytime you would try to any time I've tried to look up something there's always good and bad, you know, there's good and bad to everything, you know, yeah, here's some good things but here's some bad things or whatever, you know, it's just posing cons just like with Everything else in the world and also that's why I just kind of have a hard time. You don't thinking about who I'm going to vote for and obviously, you know, one thing I've heard in the past is just like if you have the power to vote you should you know, because obviously the people here who don't have the ability to vote would vote. Excuse me, you know, like immigrants or just Enter, you know people who don't have the right to vote. You know, it's like the whole like if you have a voice say something, you know like that. All right, we'll talk about who were gonna vote for no, we're not. No, we're not I won't as I said, oh they said we will I was like, no we won't I don't want to die today. No just because you know obviously politics is probably one of the biggest controversy that in religion, but I kind of want to talk about religion a little bit, you know, not too much obviously because I respect everyone's opinion. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion and I am entitled to give my own opinion. It's not entitled to their own beliefs beliefs. Yeah, okay least and opinion, you know because I'm not going to say you can't I have opinions she has beliefs, you know, so that's why it's kind of that's why I say that you know, but that will be for another time, you know that and we'll save it towards like the end of a podcast so that way if there's anybody who doesn't want to listen to that or hear about us talking about religion, you know, they don't have to yeah because I don't want I'm not I'm not To talk about it to try to change anyone's beliefs or question anyone's Faith or anything, but I want to talk about it. Just so people can kind of see where I stand on it. But of course that's for another time. Yeah, what's it called? I was getting kind of dry. It's probably the fan is on because I know that happens to me whenever like we go to sleep because I'll have the fan on when I want to go to sleep. You know because the cold it'll help me go to sleep, you know being cold and under blankets. Obviously, it helps me sleep. But when I wake up, you know, I have like a dry throat and everything, you know, like um, and it just doesn't feel good. So I'll probably yeah, I'm going to turn off the fan in a little bit. Okay. So so what are our Hobbies? What are your hobbies babe my hobbies. Honestly hobbies are just staying home because only times I have offer the weekends and what I do on the weekends is that I stay at home in take you to work and then pick you up from work when you get off. So that's those are have to choose. Yeah, honestly. No, I don't really have too many hobbies. You know, when I can, you know, if I have time, you know, I'll play video games every now and then you know right now, I'm really lucky. Black Ops 3 right now Call of Duty, you know right now, I'm just mainly into zombies right now the old world but that new new yeah because if it's starting to get a little old, you know, maybe that can be something that I can talk about it at another time. Oh, I know a hobby or making podcasts stupid. That's a new hobby, but we don't even know how often will do this. So, you know, maybe when I can't go Sleep I'm going to do without you. I'm just gonna record you snoring. This is one podcast I listened to call in and air box and it's like it's like eight people but you know, the that every episode is different that they'll have like a certain amount of people or certain amount of people every now and then they'll have every one and that one time they did they did this one episode where just this one guy talking to himself the whole time. It was pretty funny his name. His name is Diane. Unhand the black. So what do you think about this dial on like I like that, you know, well, that's funny that that would be you talking about controversial. Like wow, I don't think I like that. He's like, well, you don't have a say in this dang. That's honestly I like that podcast. Yeah, but I like this one better though. I'm just kidding. Are you putting blankets all over me? I keep putting it underneath me and he's not getting it because I'm hot cuz I'm slowly starting to get cold. That's why of course you do. So yeah, I guess someone something else to talk about is like the whole coronavirus thing. That's what one is not going to talk about my hobbies. Okay, then what are your hobbies? Um, I like to dance around and I do whenever I'm cleaning whatever I'm just not I like to play with my cat's I have to have one can have one cat. Okay, we'll just come on say to okay, we'll come out and say to sorry Mom. Sorry. We have two cats. Okay had him since Christmas. Okay, maybe we weren't going to say that but okay. Sorry Mom, if you're if you do listen to this, I do apologize. We've been hiding them for you. Just because I know that you you're not going to be too happy about it. Sorry. It was a dumb decision, but it was a freak at I was gonna take that she needed a loving home and you know, we love we love them both. I've had Cleo when she was a kitten. Okay, hold on we have to K. So the two cats one of them we've had since I technically since she was a baby, you know, she was born at christiano's Old House, you know, like three years ago three four years ago, right? I guess. Yeah, you know, her name is cleocatra and that it's funny how she kind of ended up with us because initially Lee kasama sister, she had one cat who ended up having babies and then one of those babies had babies and obviously when they grew up or whatever we couldn't get him fixed. We apologize and that one of the new new babies ended up being clear, you know, and obviously they had all the cats there at her old house and that they took them all to Christina's Grandma's house. Because they had a bunch of pets there. So they just kind of dump them. They're really sorry Grandma if you're listening, I'm sorry. I know if you listen to Grandma if you know the working phone today, but yeah and whenever because I was parents got the house that there and now when we went to go move in with them that her mom was bringing some stuff and that clued had jumped in the car with her. Yep. She just sit in the car and You know her mom and her bring her inside. Well clearly she was like well clear just came with me. So I guess we have Cleo now. Yeah, and that, you know, I've never had a cat before because both because one of my brothers and my mom they're allergic to cats so, you know, obviously I wasn't allowed to ever have a cat and you know, I've had a couple friends with cats so and every time that you know, I was with them that you know, they're really cool. I like it here. He's doing their own thing, you know? Yeah, they do their own things take care of themselves, really and you know, he compared them in the soft. So sorry, so yes, I was I was really excited, you know ended up being a lot of work kind of by a lot of work. I mean you feed them give them water and you clean out the litter box. That's it. Mmm and you got to teach him not to scratch up the you gotta buy them like scratch pads or something. Yes, like, you know cardboard scratch pads you buy them cardboard scratch pads that way because the their nails are that the nails of Claus. What are you 21? They gotta like kind of like a sharpen their claws. That's what that's what it's for. Yeah. I thought it was just because like they gotta like pull them out of whatever. Let's stretch him out me they can stretch out their own claws too. Well, but it's just to like just select sharpen them, you know, like you getting sharpen a knife you sharpen the cloud so that that way they can defend themselves or do whatever they need to do around the house at 3:00 a.m. You know, that makes sense. But yeah anyway back to what I was saying No, but We'll get finish the story by clear that real quick so that you know, obviously we started taking care of Cleo and then when we moved out, we just took Leo with us and then with the other cat, you know, she's a little baby. Her name is little munchkins, you know Christian likes to call her Munchies as I can make as like a nickname nickname such moving. Yeah. So with the story of that was that one of my friends. His name is Wong. His name's Jesus, but we don't multiply Jesus has so we just call him by his last name. His last name is Wong. He had posted he always posted on his Instagram story about he's always finding like different animals or whatever and that, you know, sometimes you'll be like, well, does anybody want you know this this or that or whatever and that one time he posted the little kitten and that, you know Christmas was like right around the corner and that Christina has talked about getting another cat and that um, I was talking about getting another cat in the future, but he took that as right now so I mean I still love the cat. Yeah, I love animals. I won't deny it animal of love, you know. Yeah, I did take it as I go right now and I ended up getting it and that, you know, Krishna came home and I just put the kitten in the little box and I was like it was the cutest thing ever. It was so cute. She was so small, but she's so scared too, but the same time because he was so big. Oh man. Yeah, cuz I went and picked them up, you know, cuz my friend wonky lives like 30 minutes away from me, so I went to go pick her up and as soon as we got her in The car that she just went under the passenger seat. So I was like, all right. Well, I guess she'll be there for now, you know, so she was there and he was driving and I didn't hear anything. So I was like, I mean, I guess she's okay, you know those kind of writing a little bit. So I was like man, you know, I hope hopefully I won't have too much trouble getting her out, you know, and I did like I when I got to the apartment, I literally had to keep on adjusting the seat to just try to get her. The out from under the seat because you don't you're so scared. And I finally got her out got upstairs and that whenever I let her out into the apartment, you know, she would just like go hide like I went and shoulder everything food water and litter box and she would just go and hide you know, and obviously, you know, I would kind of let her hide a little bit but I'd want her to come out a little bit because he'd be like I'd come home and he'd be like babe. Here's your present and then they'll be nothing because the cat was the hiding. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, that's another thing that I knew she was on the way to the apartment already. So I tried to get the little kitten ready and that man she made me so mad because she had jumped into the fireplace that we have here and I couldn't even get her out like like my hands were too fat to fit under the little little thing where what holds the wood so I couldn't even get her out, you know, eventually I got our out and that she was kind of dirty and I didn't even bother giving her like a quick bath or whatever before Gonna go home, you know, so I just kind of left her as like like kind of dirty and that you know, Chris and I got home she knows she loved the present and that she ended up giving her about I gave her best. She's so dirty. She said I was like, you ain't giving no bad. You just took her from the sewers or what is so I took a little bag that she did. All right, you know shit. Yeah as good as a cat could do the first time with yeah. Well know that she had a couple accidents do that. Apartment sometimes yeah, but obviously, you know, we taught her it wasn't anything bad. It was really it was really good help that, you know Cleo was there because Cleo already knows how to use the litter box and everything. So the little kitten can look at her and be like, okay. Well, I guess that's how you do this. But sometimes you don't get it, that's okay. She's still learning. She's obviously still learning, you know, she knows her name which is good. She doesn't know when to move. So if you're walking by her and she's in your way. You will stay there. She's like, nope. I'm slaying right here. And then like three in the morning. We're trying to get some water. She still laying somewhere in the middle of the room and I accidentally step on her. Yeah that happens a lot. But sometimes I go and step on their backs. I could tell every time I wake up. I have to like turn on the light or have to turn out like just like like try to find some way to just find her to know. Yeah, this is bad. So, you know, you won't step on it and freaking you have to be careful because she still a kitten so she thinks you're playing with her. And she'll scratch up your feet. Yeah, that's one thing. She's really bad at that when we're trying to sleep that she'll be laying at the end of the bed and if we move our feet a little bit that she'll just go and try to attack them. So that's not that's not very fun. She likes feeding time. Definitely. She learned that from Cleo to yeah Cleo loves to eat big fan of food. Both of them. Hmm earlier today, they still had food in the bowl and they were like, like every time we go to the restroom because that's when we feed them that they follow me and they scratch out the door or they like sit by the door and like look at it. Like hey feed me and I look at their boat, and they Both have food like what are you doing? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know why they do that also spoiled they want different food. Yeah because we used to we used to feed them like both wet food and dry food. But like obviously we tied our money we are like, we ain't that type of we tied our money, you know, we used to be really really tight on money. So we had to stop and just get them the regular dry food and just stick to that but obviously now hopefully we'll know yeah will be will be in better shape. Yeah. I know. No, they're gonna be fat cats. I love him know. We're not getting fat kids. I don't want obese cat. I don't want no freaking bowling balls. Oh, maybe I do. I mean I'm fine with the with the weekly looks now. I know she's so fluffy. Anyway, so while we're talking, okay, okay, I was talking about my hobbies. I like singing dancing playing with my kitties, maybe a little makeup. I love makeup. I like to My face, I do get frustrated with my face though. You know, Timmy doesn't know a lot about makeup. So I get to talk now. Yeah as much as I know is just that the eyeshadow, you know, I bought her multiple pallets of eyeshadow heck. Yeah. Thank you because at the time, you know, I was just thinking oh, yeah, you know, these are obviously just name brand, you know expensive pallets. So she's just going to be happy with all this little did. I know it's just a little bit of color. Just for a little bit of her eye, which is the Bliss for if my cheeks or know. I just thought of something you can use for like your whole face or whatever. Like I don't know. I mean you can buy me a pallet like that but it's gonna be like, yeah 60 $70 maybe if it's name-brand. Yeah, another pellets are like 50 60 dollars 50, but they have a lot of colors and they're like, I am having so much fun with them. I haven't wanted another palette. So thank you baby. Yeah. I really bought you all your palettes that yeah, except for one James Charles ones. The other ones are expired all the others turkeys all the other Jeffree Star ones. I bought you. I know thank you Geoffrey. Okay. Thank you. Tim and Jeffrey. Oh, yes. Oh I disappoint my family now. I'm just kidding. Just kidding Mom. I'm still working on being a famous singer. Or hmm? Yeah the cuz we've talked about that before because you know christology. She has an amazing voice, you know, maybe we'll get her to sing one of these days on the podcast but you know, obviously she hasn't seen a lot of great talent, you know, and I want her to really, you know flourish. I guess I want to expand on it. But yeah expand on it. I wanted to try to build up some kind of like reputation for yourself, you know, maybe even you know start In like karaoke, maybe try to get your name out there, whatever. Yeah, you know whatever, you know what I mean? Look at it. I don't know. I just I've I don't know how to like make beads. I don't know how like I was going to Versa. We don't have to worry about that for now. You can just do covers for now, you know, obviously we're slowly and slowly get more into songwriting and we'll get into beads or whatever. I need to find my voice. Like I know my voice is like it's like a like a raspy kind of like rugged voice, but I need to find like myself like in where I fit, you know, if I To get to where I want to be. Yeah, of course, so that's obviously would just time I was like not wanna talk about me. I have not been talking this whole podcast that the one time I want to talk. I'm just like okay enough about me. We'll save it will save it for next week. I so we'll probably cut it here, you know, probably be about a good 40 Minute Podcast, you know don't want to make it too long don't want to make it too short want to give you know, if we're ever listens want to give them, you know, keep them busy for Or good amount of time, you know to make like a like a podcast Instagram. Should we make a mini? Should we plug in our Instagrams after a while? Well, no, we'll save that, you know, obviously this is just a little Test episode whatever wish to share this with a couple friends or whatever and then just kind of go from there, you know, and then send it to some family and they you know after a while if we do have constant listeners in yeah, we'll start an You know start building our game up, you know, whatever, you know, this is just something to start because obviously, you know, like we said before we just, you know talk we just have all these different conversations all the time. So, you know, we just wanted to maybe record some, you know, maybe see if we can get some other people's opinions on things Yeah couple issues now, I'm just giving I still like that name. We'll talk more about it. I don't know we haven't figured it out. But you know for now, you know, this is Tim Christina signing out. Bye over and out.