What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David you got hey, hey, hey, it's DC in the house. I'm also known as Savage MMA only on Instagram. Check me out gang gang. I just realized it was DC not hack. That is why that is fucking wow. All right, boys. We're gonna go ahead and jump. This card you have C to 48 headlined by Israel out of Sonia and UL Romero. We're going to start at the bottom card with the you know, some fights where people might not be too familiar with them. What do you guys got to say about this first matchup here between Canadian? Yeah, Dana not gonna lie. I don't know how to pronounce. I don't know how to pronounce Batman's name bad girl. Yeah. I saw him. I saw him on the Zhang Wei Lai card with Anwar and he got wrecked. So that's pretty much all I know about that. Yeah. I know Canadians. Got smoked by Cheeto of are also that's really like the only young and pretty much know about him. Yep. He's pretty old to is about 40 shit. So we'll see a DC you anything to say about that? I mean you're trying to do here last minute. We gotta get some fucking idea. I don't know man fucking what his men Dana is coming off a loss. So maybe in his favor, you know might give him a little bit of a tune-up. Yeah exactly both of them both of them: well, that's true. Could be there maybe not bad girl, because that's Owen to and like maybe he'll get one more but like Kennedy's 40. He's like lost three of his last Freddie sorta. Yeah, he's 40 this fuck. Basically, it's nice because they're both basically kickboxers. So it's basically whoever gets slapped or whoever gets the most points on the feet. If he dies, he dies. Yeah exactly how much I feel like one of them will die in this fight ideally. Ideal are moving on to our next fight kind of the same got a promotion, but these guys got a little bit. Oh, yeah, let's get a prediction on that fight everybody. I guess I'm gonna go with Canady decision just based off lack of knowledge on both of them. I'll take my God bike TKO round to yeah. I got Batman as well. I'm gonna take Batman by twister. His last win was by submission and canetti seems to have every lost by submission. So maybe maybe yeah something know. And he's going to bring you know, he worked on his Jiu-Jitsu and he's going to try to tap this motherfucker out the first, you know Brown of the fight on surest thing taking a look at the odds real quick. Dana is definitely the favorite at - 150 so I thought I'd like a refund that one boys. I'd like to read on that. Yeah. I have a definition Dana first round. Okay detail KDC timing. And again, we see you soon. All right, boys second fight of the night kind of the same situation is the first we got Emmer's versus Giga it seems what do you guys think about this one early on I like hammers hammers you like a Marine. Yeah, I like watching him fight. I saw him one LFA. He's a Savage bro Savage Savage noted noted other dude, didn't he sent? Yeah. He sent Brandon Davis out of the UFC though. So I mean that's not easy. Yeah, I feel like this is a another like good fly. Stylistically. I feel like if a number is used as wrestling, then he could probably get a decision win. Yeah, you know at least in glory to say, yeah, it's card that right hammers was on the contender Series in 2018 got knocked out. And then he's on a for fight win streak since then. So that's how he's getting his debut. But I mean he got knocked out on the contenders who knocked him out. I don't know who I forgot who it was. Oh Julian Rose. Yes, Julia Rosa and I'm staying. I feel like you're just a significant knock down the contender series that yeah actually cots. He's going to get you very much man. There's EJ Giuliana. Rosa is a mediocre Fighter 2. So if that's the dude that wreck Jacks and a glare in your You fighting Giga and your debut. I don't know. Yeah, he got sent a Hell by who I don't know who it was but he got head kicked about died. I can't know what card that was. But RP Rosa. It's interesting too because you can say Kiko still just taller but Emirates has a one-and-a-half reach Advantage. So valid valid Wolfe County all got I'm still gonna go Amber's even though Juliana Rosa kayode him. It's no big deal. There's also I think he's kind of a come up and I also saw that last LF a fight had a pretty positive shown. I'm gonna go with I'm gonna go ski. Goodbye. Yeah round one. I'd also have to go he interesting with the split. That's what I like to hear Boys. He goes also the dog at plus 135. So that's pretty interesting considering Emmer's is like a late replacement. True toss that in the parley. Oh, yeah. It was supposed to fight Mike Day by David. Yeah, I really want him to fight Mike Davis. That would have been a scrap. But Davis is a dog. You just killed that hillbilly couple he had whatever so all right P him been training on compared to no one's safe. One of my parties involved. We're gonna go ahead and get on to the third prelim of the night another, you know, underwhelming as far as the names go, but hopefully you could bring a lot to the table as far as entertainment goes. We got Emily Whitmire. Versus probably Jana Viana, we all feeling this one. Honestly, I think it's it could be close but I feel like it's like a canvas you can in this situation for and she's Emily's foreign 3. I don't know. Yeah, like Emily's been pounded and sub. But she can also some avianna like be honest lost her last three. So I mean if she loses this one, she's done Lord. Yeah, this is yeah, this is Lily. I feel like a fight for beyond Earth to try to fucking decide our future Pro. Most definitely Jana has the advantage with her kicking even though with Myers probably a better boxer but I just feel like with like MMA and especially like women's MMA that kicking leg kicks body kicks, like maybe like I had kicker so I just feel like with Myers can go Backs so that your prediction I like the on its I kind of agree with G on that one. I like Beyond in this fight. Yeah interesting. I'm Lee I'm gonna stay loyal to my Portland Port person with Emily. So I'm not to take hurt but we'll see how ones that odds are pick them. Right? Yes near even just - 110 Whitmire - 120 the on yeah. So yeah. We'll see you on that one. That should be good though. Scrap DC what you guys say, you know, I think I think because Pollyanna left me on read a while ago, I think oh, yeah because I'm looking at what my eyes and she has a lot of submission wins and decision actually no take that back. She actually loses a lot by submission. So maybe if maybe if Polly can come out with some supper Brazilian jiu-jitsu, she's put her away real quick, but I'm still So yeah, I'm gonna go with facts facts love to take DC has got to say thanks for tuning in today, by the way, but you know, you know, it was a late notice chiming always this harsh a is showing up today buddy. Yeah, bro. So we put my boys in the flesh. All right, I guess want to roll into the fourth fight decent match up on our hands here pretty interesting on the size chart. We got Darion win versus Gerald Merce shirt something about that Miss chart early. You want to go ahead and take this off. Will you feeling here? I like when in this situation I like when a lot actually I think that if he can stay on point with his weight and just be more consistent that he could be a high-level guy. He trains with high-level guys. He has a high level background 5 6 so that I like hiding high level. No not for what is true. Yeah exactly. But honestly hundred percent agree with Jack his first loss. I feel like the flu Claus. He just like didn't look right. I feel like he just had those first fight Jitters stylistically a good matchup for him, but could be a bad matchup for him because your chart decent on the feet. But of course it's amazing game is strong and he longed so like they're on wins five six meters charts six one and he's got 77 and a half inch reached declared the 71 for a win, but I feel like wins wrestling is just like Jack said he trains with high-level guys and the people just stay on weight. I feel like you just wrestle the fuck out of him and get on stage and grinding. Oh, yeah, isn't he that middleweight that's like five 5 six. Yeah. Wow. It's like looks like a little thank you. See Ed saver you against him, honestly. Yeah one day be still around. Maybe I'll just you know fucking knock him out not who's this boy again? I forget whose training him was it? You see you see him and easier but it is DCs legit. Probably cogent kids crazy. I think I think he really got that short man Advantage. Yeah. Yeah. I lost it there and Stuart Little controversial. But yeah, I feel like it could have gone either way. One of those decisions wasn't really robbery either way, right? But like when like when 6 and 1 and MMA and he's training out of AKA. So I mean I feel like with that potential one decision loss isn't going to like knock you off your brother. Never forget when he fought very true. She knows danger Tito versus Chuck three undercard feel like she can forgot about that that happened that happened tough times. Hey, man, you got to get your name out there back. So predictions everybody going with when it soon. Seems I'm Goin with ya there and they're on win TKO in round 2 or decision. Honestly, yeah, go win with a decision. I think he'll be able to just get them down just ground and pound. Yeah, finish round because he doesn't want to go on something something round 3. Yeah around with like with how long this chart is and with his ground game. He doesn't want to be on the ground within long as he might get caught in a submission. So I feel like you should go on and take them down pound them out. Just hopefully not get gas. He could just get gassed in two rounds, but I feel like here I feel like one. Got that TKO in round two. Crucial crucial moving on to the fifth. I mean I got minimal to say on this one all you know their names. So if y'all want to say something that is home got that promoted by Tyson Pedro. After robbing, Vieira, I'm gonna go ahead and I mean you look at you. Look at the names and where they're from. Oh my God. I live here - 850 favorite. Yeah, dude. This literally looks like a pride six fights like a million dude in Aggie versus Good right. Now it's all by finishes by violent finishes TKO that sounds of keio dko fighting a black belt though. And then Vieira is all submissions and he's a multiple time Brazilian jiu-jitsu World Champion and seven-time World Cup champion in Jiu-Jitsu. So that's definitely a clash of disciplines right there. Perfect. Big fact. Yeah. I mean based on the odds and go ahead and you know lean towards the air. It's kind of a toss-up. Honestly. It's he's yummy career seemed it might be worth putting five on. caches and Wait, is this fight 25 or one or two or five? I'm actually looking forward to this point. I'd like to think it's like 185. Yeah, 185 lat cutting down so staff Rob's going to be long for middleweight. That's interesting. Imagine that we start talking about shit. You know, what I'ma let y'all pick a winner UFC 110 the air just cuz you know my thumb over his Jiu-Jitsu, I feel like saffron which is not like nothing spectacular about him. You think a minute exactly moving up though, right from 185? No saffron's coming down from 205. I think. Oh, okay. Okay. Oh shit. That's right. Damn. That's a hard. Look at the gifts to the mat. It's definitely a VR so that's why I think you're probably correct. All right. Yeah, I'd have to go over here big bets that basically settles that one pretty much everybody goes by there by finish it seems yeah, it's just gonna be a display of grappling to someone who knows no grappling. It seems yeah big fan. I'm gonna go ahead and steamrolling to fight number six that Haver brain reads, but buddy Marco Madsen coming in against the CTE Society follower himself often hubber my dude about to come out hungrily. Hey, how y'all feel about this matchup great matchup, honestly. It's a big stack over Marco Madsen. Honestly Hubbard's no joke. I think it's other way around big step up for ya back, but still to 7 age difference though. You think that come into play at all? That's 35 to 28. Yeah, Madison's not that familiar with MMA still. Yeah. He hasn't bought by anybody but I'll wow. I feel like after seeing Michael Madison's first fight like no, he's bad monster. Yeah knowing his background. Greco-Roman wrestling and okay seeing him like do what he did like, I thought had you just go like wrestle him and like Point fight but the way he pounded out his last opponent. I don't see thought Hubbard's last thing. I want to say something too about somebody mentioned the age Olympic wrestlers though. Like if you look at Sever and if you look at Mark Kerr all those dudes that came out of the Olympics since the UFC were in their 30s and yoel Romero. Another Olympic wrestler is like I think he's 73 now. For whatever reason for whatever reason age doesn't seem to affect those Olympic wrestlers. I don't know what it is. But especially someone like he came out at 35 looking like that finishing and yeah around like he looked at younger. He looked 25, honestly. He is undefeated being not like Matt's in a lot. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie. I bet on my thing, but I'm gonna go with Hubbard just because that's my dude. Yeah, man, not a bad pick. Honestly like it could be very close. Yeah. Thanks if sud could get a strikes in maybe get Dominic position on ground. Like I feel like I would say if he could stop Madison from taking him down, but I feel like that's just not going to happen. Yeah, exactly. I feel like not many people are gonna be able to stop Mark that says taking him down. It's not like once you pop you I feel like he's just on top of you so but I say Mark, I do like cupboard cupboard this Savage. I think you'll make Exciting but I don't think he has the tools to actually win. He'll make it make it exciting. Oh, that's what that rattling heavy fighter. Yeah, like yeah cool. He looked decent and you see everybody. Yeah. Oh my God, I forgot about that. I mean, it's not that steep of a line either - 225 for Madsen. Yeah, that's why I smack I hit that Madsen O'Malley parley real quick. Something light that's free money for the viewers of y'all if y'all going to go ahead and bet on Ami gotta send me five bucks. Yeah. Listen to that man what he said? Well shit speaking about Molly. Let's steam roll into the seven five you got Jose quinonez. Yeah. This is the sugar shell were turning out for two years outside the Octagon lot of juice in his system, but it fucking Sada just hanging so we'll see what happens with that and how y'all seen this go and is you started going to have Get involved in this fight, you know, everybody's gotta lose their oh, but um, Sean O'Malley is not going to be that guy. He's gonna steamroll can yeah, honestly, no, he's 10 to know inside the Octagon. He's owned one outside own one coming from you solder, but Max wasn't easy to test I think so might be able to That's all y'all want to go back to Quinta Ultra whenever Sean O'Malley tapped talking to her ego me and then fuck in fucking grapple with Gilbert Melendez to a draw on that same card. Like that's pretty impressive. Yeah, he's been going hard in the BJJ and grappling. Yeah. Yeah with that striking to yeah facts. Yeah. I'm super excited to see him back out there. Hopefully, you know, no bullshit happens and actually gets out there folks. Yeah, like he he's just so fun to watch and he's just so lengthy for 135 and I just don't see it's like kickboxers kickboxer and O'Malley's got the height and the reach and I think the skills to beat him. So he's pretty big name. He's pretty popular and yeah stuff exact and getting the ranks, you know start making some noise, that'd be awesome addition the back in like matching up against like top dudes in that division me that shit would be entertaining as hell. Oh, yeah, like all like, he's a he's a love name for like hardcore. Mets fans, but like hyper side. He's 10 and ophir reason. He's 511 basically six feet at bantamweight. So yeah, that's crazy. Yeah, yeah, everyone everyone's picking on. My little chaos is going to happen. Yeah both kids with low kick my ass if you started as a disrupt his outing. Yes, thanks. Sean O'Malley will definitely bring it home big facts big facts. All right boys moving on to fight a I'm excited about May scarring the dog. The main card is here. I think there's a dog a live dog and Max Griffin against Alex over there how y'all feeling Mac? I picked. I actually picked Griffin against Cowboy as well. Like Griffin in this one I'm saying I think he's gonna rep. I mean, yeah, I think he's gonna be all the rest will go to mount grind Alex never has a boring fight. I'll never miss Alex Oliveira fight. So, you know, it's kind of a toss-up on that aspect, but I'm I like Griffin a lot in this right. He really put a he really made Mike Perry look really kind of like a mature when they went up against each other and Alex like I'll be there cowboy was really struggling against standing up with my parents and even his grappling. Things might Perry's grappling through he was struggling with that as well. But yeah, I think Max would definitely fucking put some work in I'm Alex and Anthony he was about my mother that my life on him interesting a lot of confidence for Griffin for you guys. I'm gonna go with Alex Cowboy Oliveira nice, but I feel like why exactly like Kappa no. No, like you said, there's no boring fight for all of their these guys are both dogs, honestly. All the various got to Jujitsu obviously is a good Striker. They're both slight that's go balls to the wall. They're both like win-loss win-loss. Like Oliver has lost his last three. I don't think they would release him after four losses in a row just because like the name and like his fighting style. Yeah, exactly might so like I feel like with even in his sake like three losses in a row. He's not gonna want to lose four in a row and he still like surprisingly two years younger than Max Griffin and God. I mean, they're both basically Ali six feet and there's just a half inch reached difference. So it's basically like clone on clone. There's gonna be a good fight big facts. Yeah. I'm expecting a grand probably I expected good decision, but I wouldn't be surprised if you know either I'm caught the other put him away the any time of the whole absolutely. Yeah. That's a good one. I feel like it could go either way. Definitely. The line is good to all the Vera - 150 Griffin plus 120. Mmm so good, but either way, but I feel like I smack that. If in line a little bit, yeah, some light will partly action. I feel like you forgot what it was though. It's either going to be an early KO or just a long decision for yeah Cowboy Olivera over all of their I think it might get the decision. It's exactly either one. This is like paper one of the closest fight. Ya big fact big facts don't want to start the main to fact my makeup will buy it. Maybe just maybe fight number nine. We got Neil Magny come back. I feel like it's been a while last my sauce and he's based on the canvas dying and has it been two years dude. It's been a while check that he's going again jingling lie. I mean the I gallinger so this Going to be this is interesting wheelies ons boy. Yeah last time you saw a magnet. He got to starch. Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's because like four and one, I think this dudes like foreign one since Magnus last fight like Jim Liang. Yeah, we're have magnet been broke. Yeah. You got KO that off. Let's see. Okay buy Ponzi. Yeah probably left them face down sucking for air. What do you guys think of the matchup 20? Yeah, man. I think I like Li Jing Ling Ling. I like the leech delete deletes definitely shocked me. Wow, that was so much easier to say the leech. I thought you liked he was going to murder the lead Channel each turn the table and flat line and I was show yeah, I picked my yeah, I think jingling last bite. I did not unfortunately. Yeah, he's like Three in a row three wins in a row just got a great KO his last fight. Yeah magnet and the one before that KO. Yeah. He's a he's a dog in there. He's definitely probably the best or one of the best male Chinese Fighters and UFC bags. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, do you guys know do you guys know where Neil Magny is ranked in like the official UFC ranking think night and would y'all call him a gatekeeper or not? Yes, definitely for sure. I'll call new magnet gatekeeper considering look at his record. Look at his ranking and he's got kayode and then has been out for how long like all Three years if you got injured and yeah, but what's this, right? It says 90 final look up right now on you have to beat up Tom and find out what you have. All G is is 19 magni jingling 18. Okay, let's do the know. What is he why your metal late 19th one side world's Walter? Yeah on UFC website. He's not ranked at all rip damn and that's what getting knocked out in time yet Home Country being inactive for that. I did that probably what it is an activity. He hasn't fought back tears. And last time we saw him. He was face down unconscious. So, you know, yeah, he's got the ground game that we like. If it could if it goes to the ground, which I think it won't but magni could maybe stop him but I feel like doing liang's ready for that. The leech has an eye gouges though. Never sleep in those. Yeah, he's got he's got the advantage on the feet for sure and I feel like he's got more like motivation and him like I don't know how bad he's going to come out after this long layoff, like will ring rust effect him or not. I feel like it will I don't know. I don't think I think this is going to be an easy fight for Jing. Not because of Maggie's bring rushed but I feel like Jing Lang's just a dog in there and he's just going to K. Ohm inside one inside around Savage. I think he'll I think Neil's going to get beat up bad, but I think he'll survive through decision. Maybe that's me trying to be generous doing she was a warrior again cause any Bo I'm going to take I'm going to take the leech. I don't know if a lot of people stayed up till like 6:00 in the morning to watch him on that last card and shin Jin but this is like a coming-out party for him in my opinion truly. I wouldn't even call magni a gatekeeper. He's like one level below gatekeeper, but he does have a name and I think it'll be an impressive showing for especially change a lot. Yeah, it's going to be a good show for him man. I'm excited about that fight to be honest. He see what you feeling. Yeah, I'm just looking at that reach Advantage has has the leech fought anyone as long as Magneto dude. I feel like I'm gonna like Stephen long as hell. Not really. Yeah, he falls the less keys of water a day Jake Matthews. Yeah. I mean, he's a pretty acknowledge and install them to module 9 info. He said a lot of UFC fights. Holy shit, but now I'm definitely going to have to go with the leech seems like, you know, he's a really violent guy all his all his wins are by finishes tkos punch. He's been in the US since 2014. That is a long time - 31. He's actually very nice time I think thank you for coming. Yeah, I think so. I'm pretty sure. Don't appreciate the loves his bodyguard. Oh lab. I'll talk about Riri. I thought we agreed is walk around with Neymar. I was like, oh my God, even better. Yeah. Yeah way better this next one's good, too. Yeah number 10 on the night beneil dariush going against your car clothes will be feeling this one boys. That I copper even draw car. I like that. That's a good fight. Yeah, I think so too your car with the stoppage wind and I didn't around sorry about your car. There are used with the stoppage over dough Macho back-to-back got he got massacred by douchebag aliens and Hernandez though our opinion piece. Yeah, exactly. Like you know how star uses basically submission artist. You shouldn't try to refuse. Yeah, I got on the feet, but it's gotten starched putting cheese on the ground going to sub you. I feel like drag car. Almost like Jing Liang not that he's been the UFC for so long but like he's 31 almost 32 definitely looking to get make a name for himself and like hopefully go in the rankings after this one. Definitely a tough task for dariusz, especially if it goes in the ground getting sub. I just feel like with closest wrestling and definitely strike an advantage. I think it will be a decision for clothes. What's the odds in this one? I feel like that's too I think this one will go to plus 140. That's pretty solid. Yeah toss it closed and Max Griffin parlay. Thank me. Later. People my Lord. Yeah. I like clothes for this fight, honestly. Yeah, he's I don't know. I'm sure I think if he's gonna be able to just knock it grind it out. Yeah, how do you lose the Tamar? Because I feel like I died. He got out struck for how much Tamer You full it, but David. the kid knows a decision I wish I could like see the stats on that just like offer it. When was that while yo 2017 Holloway versus although to It's been a minute man. Yeah liked. Are you KO James Vic not saying much about that really but that was before Vic was technically a cracked egg. Yeah the stilts. Are you sure? Are you sure side one on the got sub by chiesa kayode by Barbosa kayode by Alex Fernandez, but Good God. Hey, I'm looking at this Tamar and close fight Tamar out struck him in total strikes and significant strikes. They both had takedowns. It looks like it was really even to be honest with you man. But Tamar just outworked him out edged him. Yeah, that might be a fun one to go back and watch if you got 15 minutes to kill. Yeah, it was interesting but like close. Was able to beat to Kaz and Lando. Hmm. I think he I think he's looking good in this fight. They true Richard DC any prediction I'd have to go with dariusz. I don't know just just from his just from his record and the people he's fought. I mean, I think I would learn a lot by got my ass kicked by Edson Barboza and Michael chiesa and relax Alex Hernandez, and he experienced knocking out Dear big. So it's just you know, I feel like now he knows how to sleep. Some was basically go to / doing that on. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Are you Simon? Go ahead and Benny. I like it. It will coming off three ones in the road to so they're both that been informed. That's it. Good fight. I mean that fight that's high up on the car to for. Oh, yeah like I mean damn Yeah, and the losses that a drag car he only lost once again some taming. Yeah, and I feel like there's a lot of lessons to be learned in your losses and maybe you know there are you sure know if I use just had some heart? Oh, yeah. Hmm. So I and he came back and now he's finding success and exactly maybe you know, it's gonna make a show out of Iraq are I like that take I think I got dariusz also. Yeah, but that's yeah, I'll pick Ben deal. That's a close one. I think it's the reward will be a good one. These guys are not underrated but I think there's slept on both of them are good Fighters. Yeah facts, but now I remember him having a real hoot. He was a boring-ass by it recently though. I think it might have been the fight after he got ko'd damn. Yeah, it was against Iago whoever the hell that is. He decried though. It took them down like 20 times probably but then to top of this. Oh, yeah, that's looking good for Benny. Oh good for him. But now the big boss is to championship. It fights the co-main Whaley Corona Zane versus Johanna. We all feeling Corona that wasn't yelling at a champion. I apologize Yeah by decision early. I uh This is very tough one. Yeah, this is tough to pick. I think I think Jang has got about 10 or 15 minutes where she needs to swarmer and I think out of the first three rounds she might win one, but If she doesn't finish Joanna by the end of the third round, I think Joanna's to experience to good beat her up. She's going to take four and five. Definitely I think Joanna if it goes to decision wins, but UDC, I think Whaley. It's gonna it's gonna start early you wanna in the first round. That's sad first round because right on drugs, how do you know how the Chinese take their honor like, it's like so serious and the fact that Joanna like posted that meme Like like did you guys think that Whaley's over overreacting or exaggerating her emotions, but I think she's like actually like for real like trying to take her head off in this match. Well, should I hope she knows she didn't want to kill me you guys never made it like have you guys ever met a motivated Asian bro? It's scary and it's okay. I like Jenga liar. Basically being birth to be a champion and you become the champion. I don't feel like many people here to take it away from you. Especially seeing her last fight versus Andrade just the way she just an island older like like a her head was down or if her head was down its knees of her head was up those elbows. She just did not stop until they give us one. Yeah, so like you could looking at Yolanda's fight. I feel like what Jack said if Whaley can't put her away inside three then it might be a decision for you Lana. But the way way way they could win the first three rounds. Oh, yeah, I'm saying the way Whaley looked against on drudge and knowing the fact that you wanna got slept like she did against Rose how Rose was like hyped up for that fight. You wanna was talking a bunch of shit roasted really show it. It Rose kept her cool and just went out there and just obliterated her and I feel like whale he's gonna do the same thing. Like if you got slept like that by Rose namajunas a mad Rose namajunas. What's a mad Wei Li Zhong gonna do to you my unread Pan-roasted a lot cleaner than less powerful but a lot cleaner lot more technical Striker then we are to compare but I feel like Zhang she's gonna see how it's just going to get the Iana. I just love that. They're both like very powerful and like know when they throw strikes very heavy, you know, you want to and just whooping Michelle and Generals watching that back yesterday and I just felt bad. She's like spitting up blood the whole thing. Oh, yeah volume beat the fuck. Over my Lord, that's what I'm saying. Like if you wanna can do what you want to does. Yeah, like I feel like she's gonna try but I feel like she can't do it to Whaley like she'd whale he's not gonna it's like going to be folded to Yoanna for for for five rounds. I agree. Thank ye tail. He's gonna try to clinch it all ticket the ground she could like she did with and wragge you just you don't want to don't really have nothing elbows and Valentina. Yeah. That's why I'm saying like if it goes past four or five, it's looking very good for you Lana. But the first three it's almost like damage control honestly. Yeah through it. You're gonna have our final prediction. I'm going with Joanna Champion. She's gonna just have to make her Chase ition. Make Zane chaser for 15 minutes and then we're out. That's how she'll have to do. It big fag. I agree with the strategy but I feel like I got a way Li Zhong TKO inside to DC. Where you going? Yeah, whateley don't sleep Jana Jana in the first round. Yeah. I think I'm leaning towards Whaley in the first two as well. But I mean, I would not be surprised if it's ioana by decision or even you want to buy stop is gonna say everything so anything's possible. Oh, yeah all yeah. Is it fun to go predicted? This one could definitely go either way and like if Whaley get I mean keep in mind Whaley traveled camps like three times to this fight and she was in quarantine twice. Like you've been out running around of the whole time. She's had a brutal cancer despite. I mean you wanted to show them forward to living life though. Maybe that has a little bit lately looking good though. Yeah, you're right that peruse it on embedded script and you thought Imagine that all time Lord. I don't know man. I feel like Jane would still be doing like push-ups and shit and stretching in her room. Even if she didn't have like a dolly Jim, you know, like just doing it crazy every nice and Fork out and like their hotel rooms. I'm pretty sure Chinese just need pads. Yeah pads and some weights. Maybe I'm pretty sure they have like apartment where you rent like a like a like a 20-foot Squarespace apartment for like, you know what I mean, like like a Kanye said they just live in there and maybe she's used to it that kind of I don't know like You know lifestyle, like maybe I think maybe she went through there and I think whenever she was on quarantine, she pretty much just spent the whole time looking at that fucking meme. She made every morning. All right, we'll seems like that brings us to the last fight the main event. Oh baby for the middleweight championship of the world audit Sonia is back and he's fighting Romero fresh off a l from Costa how we feel about the fight in general getting made and then what are your thoughts on the match up? Um the fight being made On paper it is the best fight but like looking at like the past two fights of Romero. How are you going to get a title shot off two losses mmm, but it's almost like who else is going to get it then? Yeah. I feel like Rob you're not gonna get a rematch like maybe Kelvin by feel like Calvin just lost it to also has gotten even worse than Romero getting I feel like yeah, the only person who deserves a title shot over your well with pasta. Yeah. We don't know what's going on with He's not active right now. So yeah, I don't know maybe cannoneer this maybe yeah, but he just pulled out. I'd like to see Mario get another way. And so I'd like to see cannoneer get one more win before. Yeah, I'll shot in the family feeling like she can't in your fight a true top five. Who did a Smasher Manson was formation like for was nobody that harm? Anthon is 6 now. So I mean, I don't know what he was there. But that's still impressive if you knockout see you can adair's for right now. Okay. Yeah her man so prideful and they fought them with Rowdy cause that's a big ol God. I want to throw that. Oh, yeah, Israel the Sonia. Is the true Nigeria nightmare not Marty fake news 100% there yet. Kobe won all 5 rounds against mom. I think that is a fake nickname considering your name's Marty. But yeah Israel is not a man to fuck with you got him by stoppage. Yeah, I think Israel like he said to uh, like he said to the camera on the cage right after he slept the champ Rob I did what y'all couldn't do in ten rounds. I didn't to so if Romero can't be Whitaker inside 10 rounds but basic and stop them into then the well better be ready big back. Yeah. I'm worried for Izzy if I just don't want to see is ego five rounds with Romero and get that treatment. Everybody else has got here. Ends careers honestly, even if you'd be in no one's ever the same. Yeah, like seeing that I robbed seeing if you go the distance against the like Silva in gas alone, though. I feel like compare Romero to Kelvin imagine good but the difference between going five with Kelvin compared to Romero and like yeah five rounds with Kelvin was brutal for him. It was yeah Romero's even more of a robot Romero. You can't really compare to Kelvin, but I'm just saying like the way style Bender looks like even in four and five. I've like he basically finished that fight. I think he did like he could have been stuck helping could have been stopped a few times but that was just a war that shit was crazy. But like is he for in your well the Savage your well is scary and we can all agree on that. But the dudes that took easy to decision Kelvin and and and Spider Silva. Those dudes have a way higher fight IQs. I don't think I don't think you'll L is going to make it to a decision. No, no. I don't think so is he is going out there and everyone's not me. Yeah, but I think like just watching style Bender even is like the in his debut and second third like the way he fights. He's just like he says he's like a like a character in a video. We will have so much more energy in the fourth and fifth round to like. Oh, yeah. I was the one two more rounds and he's just so pinpoint with his accuracy and his head movement and is Down defense versus Rob versus Kelvin, obviously, they're not as good wrestlers as gol but yo L couldn't put away Robin 10 Rounds. So big prize. I noticed that with Izzy. He's always in a flow State while he fights and I've oh, yeah yoel is just going to try to disrupt that and try to make him panic and just rush him like every yeah fancy gets yo, well always not always but you all starts off slow and doesn't move much. So I feel like that's just to be a walking or a Adding Target for Izzy. I feel like the only way your well could make it to 4/5 is if you avoid or just wrestles the shit out of out of town yet true. No way that right which would never see if you have Izzy adesanya trying to take your head off for 25 minutes. That's not good try and try not to yell over mirror take your head off for 25 minutes is not good. So it's like killers killer but I feel like is he's just more sharp more young more info. Form and just like overall better Striker for sure and then takedown defense has very elite looking at the way he sprawled sometimes the way he like goes against the fence and is able to take the momentum away from the guy trying to take him down. In the length to like he's going to probably try to kick the shit out of his legs and his body. Hopefully just try to like gas Romero because Romero's probably going to try to go to a decision. So is he just has to gas him out? I feel like Romero's going to lose like every second of this fight until he catches them like yeah, it was like totally possible. Yeah, like what if what if in the cost of 1 5 like that then we can really see what Well still has true. Yeah. Yeah, that would been brutal that when working with my Lord knows that actually would end. I think this is going to be another War. Yeah, I think we're going to see is you get fucking tested even be getting tagged. It didn't get this is probably the biggest test in this is it for real? Like I mean, he might as well. Yeah, I know about I think you're welcome. Well, he won't be for another 10 years. I believe yeah, well, so he wants to retire 52 wants to surpass Hopkins. I'm saying like that mean there's no this is like it as far as UFC title chances go probably this is his last shot. Yeah, like he's honestly lucky to get this one. Well now all you could move up to 205 and do something if he loses this he could challenge for a building another division. Obviously not welterweight, but maybe he's got a name he's got he's got a name. He's exciting fighter. He could do something to 205 is just been working there were saying all this. Is all if you want makes wait, I was dragging never imagined. We got fights in a row like this last we just grab this waiting and knock the guy out. Imagine you are missing way the knocking on his Nobel could not have that be the fucking were sure that I'm pretty sure you all didn't make weight against Luke rockhold so ya know maybe let me see. I'm just saying yeah every I feel like every win from your Romero. He like didn't make weight. I got except against who did he make weight against that Costa that he won. Oh, yeah, but he didn't win that. He wasn't coached it now. Oh, no, he didn't win then I forgot they gave him decision. Yeah, you really anyway, I just wanted to Robert The Grotto - like the guy the guys your wells for it was Tanya is like a better version of them, but it may win against why but I'm pretty sure Today, I don't know honestly, I'm looking it up. Please do well, it's really worth the who's who of you? Yeah that dude literally insane like you got a guy who's been through it. All first the guy who's just starting to go through it. So it could be like, it could be a bad fight frizzy or bad fight your free a while. This could be like Gastelum filed under or it could be like Rob Dow better. I feel like goddamn dog dogs now got dogs in the chat all right I can't see anything that confirms if you made weight against Chris Weidman or not but Again Luke rockhold he did not that's what we have an extra pad of worth hey is it worth mentioning like is it worth mention all that weird controversy from earlier in his career like the stool thing with infinity and all right grab your stance against your car a Grab the fence like 10 times against yukari. Jacare Cuban wrestler he points in One Direction. Hey, man veterans you from another Cuban Olympic wrestler. Hey, some people call that a veteran move when you do stuff like that tho so maybe its just maybe he's smarter than you think he is. It's a fight, you know got to use everything to your advantage whether it's legal to the RAF to do something about it, right? Oh, yeah, sweetie guys. Got ya final prediction gentlemen, let me hear it. Is he? Well, I think it is going to finish them in the fourth round late late late in the fight. Yeah, TKO I think is he's gonna catch him while he's on his back foot is going to be awesome. And you well is going to say thank you. I love you boy and it's going to be extremely exciting as yeah thing is he's probably going to get the stoppage in the third round third or fourth round. I think it's going to be a fucking scrap though. Yeah, definitely Championship rounds. I think so as well. Yeah. I'm excited for sure. I can't wait for that my Lord. Damn, boy. Does he have a fight? It's going to be a grandpa. That's this is the best mean we've had all you fact ya big fat steak facts. Damn. So any final thoughts before we close this out boys style Bender the yeah anything else want to talk about for 10 minutes my neuville indeed. I got one made. I'm basically quick. I got a bet. Yeah hat bet and that is the over-under on DC not making picks this week till Saturday then. Talk about what's going on the UFC now, we'll know you could just roll them down as we're talking. I got one more to how is over under on will place in 25 parlays this weekend for the card 25. I'm gonna take the over on that one. I'll take the under but the over for All Sports. Hey y'all definitely definitely the way over I'm killing over for All Sports. I'm killing em killing. Hey, I got one. Bowling. That's a next Saturday is my birthday is March 14th. I just want one thing for my birthday this year. I want Kevin Lee to KO all of their in the first round stay less. I'm gonna go ahead and VM and I'll make sure that you do I'm worse than he did Gregor. Somebody tagged Kennedy in this podcast will get this to Kevin for sure pretty fucking dope quite was Gregor is Gregory white Islam or is that not happening? No, no, but Johnny Walkers on that card next weekend, too. Yeah, Johnny Walker. Oh, hey. Is it yeah, it is Wednesday special women crush. Wednesday goes out to Veronica mosquito and be a molecular. They're both fighting next weekend to women Crush women to them. Well shout out shout out pretty amalek this fighting Veronica macedo. Whoa, Jesus what have some lotion on him for that with my lawyer? What's the what's the what's the odds on BMO lucky pulling out of the fight at the last second not likely is there. The over other a line on that the domes r0b about to walk through well if they both show up, I'll be pulling something out and it won't be my camera ready. Yeah, the next car is really not too bad. Not at all. My versus Burns gonna be a scrap on the ground like Hannah come back and then Walker it's just all those scraps can't wait. I'm about to make my pigs in a little bit. Yeah. Yeah, you better sign you fucking better. Now that we're talking about it. This guy this guy. All right, boys. Well looks like we got bullets or 241 who? Oh God that's on Friday Bella's that's on that's next Friday the 13th, and you got Pitbull you got all those Grand Prix Fighters. Do Paul Daley versus Hamas. He lets go. that's described might be lit bro that might be a banger right there so that's next weekend Kevin Lee is next weekend let's go anything else next week and if there's any boxing next weekend or what nothing knows LFA two days from the Hops and Gracie flies Hopson Gracie oh yeah he's fine it's one of the Gracie's yeah belt or Oh that Romero cotton kid is a Savage to man. If y'all want to Google him and watch them video murdered people. Damn, I guess recently. Yeah, I guess recently Tyson Fury said that he's going to retire in the next after the next two fights. Ya know what I'm talking about the whole damn is that one retired? He's gonna go down it go fight Brock Lesnar for Vince McMahon. He went and beat up Brian strowman like fake punch and we got like eight million dollars. So why would he like actually fight wasn't listening? Am am yeah, he just showed up in the desert me like 8 million dollar check and dipped like that's not a yeah, so we'll see. I hope he keeps fighting though selfishly Hast out to our sponsors Modelo got that shit in the fridge right now all the show's sponsors that make this podcast possible, you know, maybe MD. Thank you. Yeah. Young kids around the world. Oh, yeah. Shout out to rug rug rug rug rug rug looking like this. Let's get out of here. Oh, yeah you two boys. Get a DJ in here. Next time in closing. I'd just like to say I appreciate everybody who came and listened to the first official episode of the new era UFC chat pod cast Appreciate everybody for coming if you'd like to be on a future episode. Let me know and enjoy the music.