Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings and theirEven by their emotions and women want to be in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the conversation just kind of naturally happens and flows and you have the same kind of interest that she does and she has the same kind of interest that you do and then so Just set a date right in a spot and should be excited to see you and make plans with you. She'll take your numbers just in case you know, because she doesn't want to take the risk and you fucking fucking up by may be losing her number because she really likes you. And so if she doesn't hear from you she's going to reach out to you just in case because she had you know guys like you don't come along every so often and so what women like about us guys is they like men who are successful at doing something that they love And just you don't have to be rich at it but you have to be doing something that you love you have to feel successful as a man, you know, you have to be a millionaire. But the idea is if you're doing something for a living you're doing something that you love and that you're excited about and that you have a passion for because when you're excited and your passion on just like I am about helping people and being a life coach. That's why I look you know, I can look in these, you know, when a camera and talk and be excited about and be passionate about it because like my clients all the time like where does all the passion come from? Was like well, how do I get that? It's like this is called total alignment with purpose. I'm doing what I love. I'm following my heart. I'm listening to my heart. I'm driven by my heart and I love what I do. And so I have a passion for it. And so when I run into a woman on the street, I have an air about me of confidence kind of like a little bit of aloofness or a little bit of a difference, you know, just basically I'm a guy that's running through life working to get shit done and along the way Hi running these beautiful amazing women who go out of their way to get my attention with their skimpy dresses or they're beautiful tanned legs and face and arms or their skimpy outfit or their cleavage that they're showing me or the beautiful makeup or the fact that they're aware and cotton candy smelling perfume and their nails are impeccable their hairs impeccable their lipstick is perfect. I mean women are all set up because women instinctively know that us guys are visual creatures. And so what they do is make make themselves really visually appealing to us and when a guy comes up to a girl when she's really looking for is because at this happens with all human beings and this really goes back to you know, over a hundred years ago Dale Carnegie's how to win friends and influence people because when you're talking to another human being and you ask them questions like hey, how's the kids been? Well, you've been up to what've you been doing? How's work? How's this? How's that? Where'd you grow up? Where'd you go to school? You know, do you know so and so, where do you work it? You know, what just where do you like to eat? Have you eat that? Restaurant Bob and those that just a typical normal things that people ask but the point being is like because I spent a lot of years in sales. And so one of the first things that we used to do and we will bring clients in to do a buyer's consultation is why I used to teach all my sales agents, like put all your put your sales shit away put the credit report away and don't talk about that leave the file on the desk and when they clients sit down in front of you just ask him, you know, tell them tell me about yourself. What are you looking for? What kind of house you looking for? What are you looking dude to do and the reason being is one another human beings? He says what do you like? What do you want? What do you all about? How can I help you? Basically, you know not that you know, you're not going to say to a woman but like in business, it's the same kind of mindset you're basically asking another human being intimate personal questions about themselves what it is that they want what they're looking for. What makes them happy what they like to do for fun. Just shoot the shit kind of stuff. And so if you're when you're sitting there and you're listening to the other person and they're doing 80% of the talking at you, I mean, it's amazing. Like, you know in the sales process you watch like a couple and so they might come in. There's they're both sitting there like this with our arms crossed or you know their real serious. And then when they loosen up the arms open up they come on Kraus if you guys got glasses it'll take his glasses off and set them down on the table, you know, like they're their legs instead of legs being crossed and the legs are open and these this is all like physiology that communicates at this particular person is open. You wouldn't do the same thing happens with women, you know where she might initially be, you know, kind of turned to the Side like this when you're talking, you know as she feels more comfortable and safe around you start to open up and stand you know in this way that shows that that she's open and these are little things that you can be watching and you know in you're even thinking about and going over in your mind as you're having a conversation since you're just simply asking questions this creates reporting the other human being because it you basically are acting and treating them just like a friend would or family member or somebody that they know that really care. About these are the things that everybody else would ask that they know and have a relationship with so what it does is it creates a Vibe of friendship of all is well like this is somebody I've known forever even though you might have only been talking for five minutes. And so when people sit there and they and they know that you're listening them run their mouths for like fucking 80% of time at some point usually 15 20 minutes into it like in a sales meeting they start to feel like well, I've been talking so much when you know, I don't know anything about you. Why don't you tell me about Out yourself. And so this communicates, you know, as far as like sales goes that that person is now open to listen to what you got to say and women do the same thing. And so when you're sitting there asking her and she's talking what happens is she may have been very lukewarm and cold and then you'll notice you know, she'll start doing this with her hair or you know, flicking her hair around or you know, why in her hair up around your finger and these are all like flirtatious preening type things that women do that let you know that you know, there are feeling it. Action and that they're feeling very safe very comfortable and they're basically saying gee I hope he notices me. I hope he really likes me and he creates a fun-filled romantic opportunity for sex to happen. And so if you're a happy guy who's doing what you love and you you spend time just asking her about herself what happens is this causes her to open up and want to talk to you and then she'll start digging and wanted to find out more about you and this is how you know, because the woman just think so, you know, anybody thinks it's like wow, she this guy really cares about me. He asked me about where I draw them a lot because you're asking the same things that somebody that they already know would ask them if they're comfortable with so it creates that energy and that Vibe and even though you're a total fucking stranger. Within a few minutes. She's you created the energy in a situation where she just feels like she's known you forever. And so you and your like you just you know, put your hand on like her elbow and say, hey, let's go over here and grab that grab that see when you don't have a great drink and chat some more. So all these people aren't bumping into us, like if you're out somewhere at a social event or whatever happens to be and you just gently lead her over there and you sit down and start, you know, shooting the shit and having a good time. And so what women are attracted to in a guy is a guy number one that has a confidence How to make eye contact and start talking to her and initiate a conversation but you know because I get guys so many times it right in like what do I say? What do I say what I say you don't say a fucking thing about yourself until she asks you what you're going to say is you're going to ask questions. I mean you like the girl right you're interested in her, right? You know, you got a Charming personality tell me about yourself. What do you do for a living you seem like really happy you seem like a kind of person that does something that she really loves for a living. She's like, oh God. I love what I do. Hairdresser or our at the grocery store, or I'm an account executive or I'm in sales or I'm a CEO or I'm own my own business whatever happens to be because people love to brag and talk about themselves and women are no different. And so when you start talking to her and asking her questions, it makes her feel like you care about her was every other douchebag 97% of them that are going up to her are trying to use a clever pick-up line or trying to tell stories or this or that and you just cut all right through that fucking bullshit. By asking her questions and you go through the things I talk about my book and if you see enough evidence that she likes you. Then you ask for the phone number you set a date right on the spot. It's just you go at your own pace and you go based upon how comfortable you feel. So if you find this message of value, you can show your appreciation by going down to the with your toolbar at the bottom of my of my website. If you're watching this video on my website, click the PayPal donate button and donate any amount that you feel is equal to Value of the information is video at the very least. Please share this video with all your friends and family by clicking any one of the social network sharing buttons, which are also located on the way the toolbar at the bottom of your screen. If you got a question you want to ask me or a topic that you want me to cover in a future video newsletter. Click the contact me tab, which is on the left hand side of your screen is semi three or four paragraphs maximum detail on your situation your questions and just give me several days to get back to you with a response because I get a lot of email from the internet. I also get a lot from my paying photophone coach of customers. I have just got to focus on theirs first, but be patient and I will definitely get back to you if you want to talk to me right away, so I can help you with a situation or a challenge that you're having. The quickest will let way is to click the products tab at the top of your screen and just follow the instructions for booking a paid phone coaching session with yours truly and I will talk to you soon.