I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love Are we are we going we're going yeah, we we just we can just I didn't know if you had like an intro thing. Now, you know, we just talk about whatever we want for ten whole minutes and then we'll do the intro. Okay, is there is there beer and soda in the fridge is there's there's beer downstairs. Is this Sykes? I don't have Shots Out Sykes. I'll shout outside. He I watched one of his episodes just recently and I was like fuck I really need some production value on my shit because that was like Professional like out to Wazoo. Well, I mean I listen to any any of you know his music and yeah, I need some production. Well, yeah that too that too. Absolutely. He has the beer and soda in the fridge. He's got a whole square is that place? Is it? Yeah, because one time when I was on it, I went to his actual house. Okay, but yeah, I remember I remember that he's got a studio now. I remember seeing yours and it was like just in a house and now it's like the most cool. Like legit thing I've ever seen any has like the little videos that you post an Instagram. Everyone's Wilshire. So neat shortly after I Did It My Buddy Joe went on it and I watch it. I was like, where's the school? Where why not get this? Yeah. No. Yeah, but his his is is really cool really legit. I need to he interviews cool people and yeah, he has some really good interesting interviews. I'm a big fan of I watched years because I remember you told me that you gave me you gave me a shout-out on it. Oh, yeah. I did the quote that I had a long trip. Did you just scrub through it? No, I like the first time I did it but I think I listen to it. But um, yeah, what was that quick? I can remember that cool said I you said the heavier the music goodnight the mass of the people that's it's absolutely true. It's absolutely true ever since I was a kid. I've that's always been the thing that I believe they what a what we're I'm interviewing you. What show what sets have you seen so far this year and what have been what's your favorite set? You've seen so far this year? Oh boy. Let's see. I went to the cutting ties release which was really cool because I don't see a ton of metal shows fortune teller opened up cutting ties played second. I saw arch-rivals. I didn't see Gator shakes. Wanted to see get her Shakespeare had to leave before they play but I take cutting ties. Hey, come on, man, you know some of us have places to be nervous kid, but yeah cutting ties. Set with I was just talking straight local sets. We know any sets. Well, yeah cutting dies is great. I mean, I guess to be fair. I haven't seen anything other than like a local set in like a 10 years. Yeah. I'm sure I don't know if I don't know how many like Nash like National touring bands. I've seen this year yet. What is the last national tour? It probably gives would be the last one using I saw dr. Dog just recently and I'm like not super into them if I file them all together. It's yeah, so yeah, no just of everything you've Seen what is you know the best you've seen so far as this year 2020? The best I've seen so far this year shit probably I went to the water trash release show this past weekend. That was really cool. I saw this band I encountered you there. Yeah we oh that's yeah. We were we were all there shit. I was drunk and I don't remember no Tony from Bowling was it was excellent and there was like, I was super pumped about them after the show. That was a great show. It was really good. I'm glad daisy chain was great. But Daisy change their shirts off. That's all they have to that's pretty good. Your dad's pretty on brand. Yeah, I actually ended up leaving before water trash because I'm a piece of shit. We'll see. What are we what we do in your column Me opposer. Maybe maybe you're the poser flower crown flower crown was a great. That was the first time I ever saw them and they were really really good. Yeah good. Thanks. They killed it their newest their new new new song that they played that night was probably my favorite which ones that - annecy know that well, that's the new single but they have a new one since though they did I didn't lose. Is that any played I didn't know that and then and then I played are they close with snow blower, which was that's a good time. Super great life. Yeah, they just killed it live and yeah, they're like, I mean if you listen to him like online, they're very soft. They're very chill, but they're very chill but live it was like a little bit more aggressive and that drummer was like just going hard for you know, he really does. Yeah. I didn't realize Zack seems like beautiful harmonies. Like I yeah great. I thought it was already. She on the oven but him and Zack and know they they were just locked in line. That was that was a lesson and McCartney moment. Just buzzed him. Yeah. Yeah, it's really that was that was really good. Yeah. First time I saw them that the singers and isn't she? Yeah Richie isn't he and like a really heavy metal band or is that still or not? They're not doing a whole lot right now. They're in my favorite metal band. I sit. Yeah. I had no idea. He was a part of that and you told me about that. I had listened to them a long time. Time ago and I love that what they're called Myers. Yeah Meyer. They have a currently unreleased EP that's on our bass players hard drive. Really? Yeah, it's amazing so that their most recent release on Spotify is just like a 25-minute song called Loom. That's just an instrumental and it is goddamn terrifying. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's it's I made a meme about how great it was once and I got so much hate on the internet that I actually had to do. I actually had to delete the thread The did say it was just like some dumb shit. That was like, you know you some you lose because it was a common name format was like some of you losers have never listened to her. You know me or never sat in a closet the dark alone and listen to looming it fucking shows. That's not even that's not bad. I mean, yeah it was and then there was like a picture of like Michael Jordan crying and a picture of Hulk Hogan crying and once the one like a crying Jordan mean comes out. You might have to know but then like is that I just had like a bunch of people jump on me and formerly steel city called now Iron City called like this. Oh man. It was just so bad. I did delete the whole thread and they say well, well, they got super they got super anti like, you know, got super anti-drone super anti just shit. And then unfortunately they thought that you were being sarcastic. Well, no. No they were they were really against it and then and then unfortunately I Richie involved with Anne Ricci just dumped gasoline on the fire but on a coward. Yeah, then Richie was like, why don't you come see my dream pop band coward. Wow, and then I was like deleted deleted deleted. It's a good joke that just turned into a fucking travesty God, but that that being said, you know, I love all of Richie's projects. He's the man. Yeah. I love my and I never I never saw a flower crown that you recommended them to me to be on our album release show and I was I remember like listening. I was like, that would be super cool. They couldn't do it. But like I was I was pumped about that they're doing a lot they're doing really well. Yeah, they really are and two dates with South by Southwest to the really yeah, that's awesome. I love to go down to South by Southwest. Yeah, I hear it's a zoo, but I've heard yeah, I've heard some crazy things but still yeah, I was just could have said we could we could do the intro now. We're at 10 minutes unless you want me to why would just going to say we got some shouts out to her buddies that are driving some shoutouts the South by Stone or Jam? What's that? I've never you know, it's put on Tom Tom Frank from duel. Yeah, it's he's the vocalists and one guitar is from duel. Yeah, could you put that on better but our boys and blind scryer from Louisville or playing that's love those good play. That wasn't it last year and I think they're on this year. Okay, and then I think pgl is doing some so I don't know if they got a map but they're doing something wrong some shorts off by itself. And then I'm on SO Luna is also doing that Southwest owner Jam. They are coming here in June. It has not been announced yet, but big UPS to all those guys this is going to be the shoutouts a shout out to shout out section. This is a shout out to shout out SEC. This is the shoutouts episode episode was the first episode with two people first episode with a shout-out segment. I love it. Yeah, so I hit the intro. Yeah roll that beautiful. That's let's hit the inch roll that beautiful Bean footage. She says, oh this is this is episode of Evan of Steel City death cats with me cause I'm Nate Kruse AKA. Unnamed host number one. How's it going? Everybody? We have a special episode as we were saying before we have we have two two guests today of the same band. We have John and Jordan of Jake the hawk. How's it going? Pretty good? I'm good. That's good. That's good. Glad you guys are here. So I know you guys are you guys are doing all a whole bunch right now. I've been seeing on Instagram. You guys are rare way you guys rock. According to do album. Yeah, the album is recorded. It's mixed. It's mastered it. Oh damn, you guys are like waves waiting on ready to go. We're just we're just doing all the stuff that happens between yeah saying that the tracks are good. Yeah, and it actually coming up which is as we're doing right now. That's the hardest. That's the hardest part of making an album. I think. Yeah, so well makes it yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah, but that's so it'll be this year sometime probably not going to go into many details, but other than you know, we're playing a lot of those songs and stuff. But yeah, I've heard I've heard a good bit. I've heard a good bit of songs from your lives at that haven't been ever been have been released yet and they're great. I mean, I don't know if we get a can we talk about them later like a little bit. Yeah. Yeah screw it. You're just songs. I think I think we'll just not I think will not give you an album title or anything. You don't have to give it. Yeah. All right, but I want to talk about your album before this before this out and you guys just East Germany recently when was that when was wanted to build the fire come out? It came out November something early November of 2018 when he was a 20-18. That was 2018. Well, yeah, that's bad the thing. I've always been curious about to build a fire is it it is it a concept album in some way? Yes. Okay. Um, can we talk first talk about that for a little the first four tracks on to build a fire are kind of one kind of sweet. Yeah, they're all which is Arts which is called to build a fire and that is a concept piece and side B is just some other songs. Yeah, so the the side a thing if you pay attention, it's got a lot of like recurring Musical theme. Yeah that just kind of I orchestrating different ways that are fun and then it kind of just I feel like you know after the fourth track which is called Geo taxes, nothing like it as kind of a a big finish. Yeah. It's good and it's got kind of a narrative structure to it a little bit. Although it's pretty abstract. And it's not it's not like super specific but it's got like kind of a narrative structure and kind of a rough kind of theme. But yeah, I mean, we're really proud of that and we're you know doing most of that live. Yeah, so yeah, but and then to build a fire is also a short story by Jack London, right? Yeah, and it's about About basically a guy that just goes and dies in the woods. Yeah. I'm a real. I'm a reading that back in back in school. What is it about is your album like about that or no? No, I mean, it's just got some kind of these like naturalistic themes or at least just some stuff that I was interested in thinking about and you know, I think there's kind of some escapism and kind of like kind of weird nihilism. I can't I kind of As you do with with the ties with metal. Yeah, I agree. I mean what the first track is named first. We kill all the yeah. I was like I was always wanted to ask about that too. Well, do you know why are we why are we killing all the lawyers will do, you know that that that is actually a line from the play Henry V by William Shakespeare. I didn't know that I read that and that's like a joke and they were basically talking about like, oh, what are we going to do to make the, you know, make the country better or whatever and then like some like bonehead. Actor in the peanut gallery goes well first we'll kill all the lawyers and it's like a hand then it was a great laugh. Yeah, but now you and that I've learned that kill all the lawyers will no no no. Well, I mean, it's the that songs like very much hyperbole. Yeah, and that is hyperbole. So it just seemed like a good title. And then also I actually because I'm not like super super literate. I was actually turned on to that because the first episode in season 2 of The Newsroom. Okay, so showing OverWatch but really To get highly recommend it. I'm watching you but their first episode and that was called first. We call a lawyer lawyers and I was like man, that's so true. Yeah, I was like that's just coming weird title. Yeah. I was like, I got a Google that so I looked it up and I read about it and I was like that kind of and then like years later. I was like man, I would like to kind of bring that but yeah, so it's and the newsrooms are really good show ya some like great kind of political undertones. But uh, so that that just kind of worked out for that because that song is like very You know hyperbolic anti-establishment very labor focused very and I totally stand behind it. But then as the piece goes forward it becomes a little more abstract and existential that's pretty interesting who writes the who writes the lyrics for you guys. Is it you? Yeah. Okay. And even when when when Jake was our singer and he wrote some lyrics here and there or would kind of contribute little things but for the most part Art, I wrote everything. Wow on the on the to build a fire album, which he still sang on the song. Carcosa We co-wrote the lyrics. Okay, I kind of came with some Melodies equals some less and we kind of wrote that together. But other than that, I want to say and then a silk road. I wrote all the lyrics on and then he kind of changed some but but other than that, it was all that was a damn. I kind of thing. Yeah, I wanted to ask about about that a little bit because I mean you guys did when I when I met you guys you guys were a four piece and then I think you did you guys go to a three piece and then a four piece again, or was it a four piece and then down to a three piece? Well, we're four three four three whenever Jake decided to step away from the band. We had just made the announcement that we were going to be putting out to you bath was yeah October of 2009 2018. Sounds cool when you call it t backyard. Is a team a this is what we call a like whenever he decided to step away. We were a month away from from doing shows releasing the from our actual album release show and we reached out to a mutual friend Luke Snyder shout out to riparian. Hmm and he hooked us up with a guy named Josh Emery and - with this great. Yeah. He's in very well-rounded guitar players great human being I saw you guys play with with him. One time at how are ya he played her album release was that that out if you get what's that? Yeah. Yeah, and he crushed it and we did a couple other dates with them and unfortunately, he had to sway due to some other personal reasons. Okay, but after that and that was actually what like that was we adapt what we have for tour at that point. We had a tour book. So this is like early last year. I remember seeing that like, I remember seeing that you were posting that you were going on tour, but you're you know, the members were kind of up in the air and I'm just like, oh man, I don't know how Dealing with so we went we I think we played one show. Yeah, that was the night. We met Giovanni actually. Oh, come here. We played one show at black Forge one with almost honest. I think we're I think I might have I think I think we were there. I think we played with you. Yeah, it was us you guys almost awesome serpent warping board and almost honest. Yeah, but that was our first 3p show ever and we're like, okay, we're like, we just got to figure this out. Yeah, and then we gotta go on the road and that was through it fear. Yeah, and we got through that tour but man like a difficult. I mean like yeah, it was earning her. It was yeah super stressful because I had to totally revamp like what my guitar sound was. Yeah had make it a little bit heavier out him and Justin had to figure out a better way to work together, but that being said we had always been kind of the three of us had always been like a unit and like even when like going back to when Jake was in the van, you know, the three of us jammed a lot Out Jake and like just working some yes, and we kind of found that even when you kind of took that fourth person out whether it was Jake or Josh. We just kind of felt Tighter and that's where locals just be a 3-piece. Yeah, and that really worked out and we did the tour and it was fine. And we it was a great tour. Hmm But and then but over like the past year. It's like really come together. And yeah, it's particularly writing and recording this last album. We're like, I think we're really where we want to be and I don't think we really want anything else like members was just a mesh is really well together and it we have just feels more natural we at well, I mean we have like at this point we have like a lot of shows under their belt the three of us and we're really yeah. I mean as of now you mean you guys are you guys are used to it by now like why I had anyone that's going to possibly cause some sort of, you know, weirdness, you know at this point. Yeah, it gives us all three of us a little bit more control, right? Yeah. Well over the overall sound itself. Yeah, like because each of each Three of us contribute something unique to it. Yeah, whether it's just Justin doing as cool little base feels he likes to do or Cam doing is I contribute as Treasurer. Yeah that treasure or just me band treasure will not be. Yeah, like it just allows us to have a little bit more cool creative control. Yeah the overall so I wouldn't like it's I'd say it's just more stressful because it's like, you know in a for pacing you fuck up it's fine but in a three piece and you fuck that's very true. That's very true and everybody. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you were just saying that you and Jason had his like start, you know, working together better. Like what do you mean by that just because like he had to be a little bit tighter with you just a little bit Yeah, like me and Justin go back a good bet we well you guys are brothers were twin brothers. Are you guys are twins? I had no idea what Mike Trout reveal but he's about 40 minutes older than me. Okay, we both started music roughly around the same time. He started when he was 13 I started. I was 14. She always played drums you always play. I was he always play guitar. I always play drums and we you know formed a really shitty metalcore band called Donner dinner party backpack 2004-2005. Yeah, and ran with that for about a year and a half and then after that we might we changed our genre Incorporated some one other guitarists into the mechs and created a hardcore punk band. Okay, the hardcore punk DB band. And just started doing you know, we did a like a one little week-long tour whenever I graduate high school and then kind of fizzled out at fizzled out after that, but I always went back to me and Justin playing together constantly, like he would just go down to our parents basement start, you know filling around with riffs and I get bored. Yeah and just come down and jam real gem along with them. And before we knew it we had a song together. Yeah. So like are we can play really really well together and after college we've kind of I found music again, and he found base is being another good outlet for himself and I can't complain about it. So during that time. Did you would you say you got into anime more music that is geared to like towards what you guys play now like stone or metal weapons in this Lodge. Yeah. I found Stoner rock. Yeah. I want to know how you guys, you know came into into playing the genre because I've been a huge. I'm a huge Stoner Rock fan, but like, I don't know if I'd ever like I can write. Heavy riffs like that, you know I could just it's harder for me. So, how do you guys how did you guys get into the whole thing? I got into Center Rock just through honestly I Heart Radio. I don't I don't use it anymore. Yeah, but he gets he gets $5 every time I mention. Yeah, I guess I heard A dia. Yeah, but now I found Stoner Rock through Caius. That was Mo's my big jettison into think that was the same thing with me as whirring machine as the first song. I heard and after hearing it I saw her. Just for it for a month. Yeah, and then I found it and then it just went from there. Yeah, but all throughout College I actually wasn't playing music all throw either. I took about a four-year it call it a Hiatus because I didn't really have an adequate place that really play. Yeah, two years of like college. I know what you mean and it just like I lost a lot of my ability but through Jake the hawk was able to get it back. But uh back to me point. I I found Caius and then I started branching out into fu-manchu's to us. And some other side project of John Garcia. Hermano, isn't it? Great that all those bands are like kind of tied together and someone yeah, once you get into Chi as you start getting into like what's the isn't it isn't Scott Reeder another band is in Fireball Ministry. Yeah and like Brant Bjork in the Bros and John Garcia actually had a chance that we play with ya didn't you guys play with me? Yeah, I guess how is that as you would expect him to be a man? And he was like, he's super what do you say this? This vent is pulling out. Ali's really groovy play with him at Westside Bowl. Yeah, I remember that. I like this is really groovy. Listen to Caius. What about what about you? Because I've talked to you before and you do have like some you've brought up some weird bands that I like I've heard of but I've never really listened to like I've had Extensive conversations about black metal with you. I mean, I'm I don't really know that I consider what we do to be stone or rock or anything. I mean, I think that's what I mean. It's into but I'm just kind of right in the kind of stuff that on our first record for sure. I was definitely trying to write to a genre but like yeah at this point, I'm just right it's harder to write to I'm right in the kind of songs that I write but I mean, I definitely kind of it was cool when I kind of found that there was a genre that is kind of similar to the Stuff that I'm into but I mean generally I think like my biggest influences like I mean, I think King's X is like my favorite band ever. They're already proggy right? I guess it had in the sense that they're good at their instruments. Yeah, froggy but they write great like pop song. Yeah. Yeah, I do and then and then I'm a huge like Porcupine Tree fan never even hum Porcupine Tree and their front man Steven Wilson or like my huge huge. Ends of that but as far as like, you know kind of Doom proper like I remember the first time I heard a Witch Mountain veil of the forgotten it was on some adult swim soundtrack. Yeah, we get to see them Saturday of Maryland doing fast. Wow. Yeah what band is this that which mountain which meant I never listen to them. Oh, man, you got to check out the album cauldron of the wild. You got to check out the album a mobile of angels, which is the coolest All Be Love Angels, which is the coolest album all of these. Yeah, all of these names just sound like I should I should be as naturally as an involved in there somewhere now okay on cauldron of the wild like the song veil of the Forgotten is like the coolest track ever shelters a cool track and then all of mobile of angels is fucking amazing. I actually saw them at Goose Keys when mobile of angels came out their newest singer. I can't remember her name right now after it would applaud can quit her. First show ever was at Goose keys and I went away and I was Yeah, and it was like back before I was really involved in anything in the community here in Pittsburgh. And that was the first time I was ever Goofs keys and it was super great. Yeah, but yeah, they were a big influence on me. And I remember like, you know, when I first found out about Red Fang, which was like, oh, yeah, this was again years before I actually saw with Mom but years before that I got into that and it was it was less about like, oh man this music who only do stuff like that or like the sword. It was more like, oh man. It's so cool that there's Bands out there doing what I want to do, right? Yeah. Maybe there's a market for what I want to do because when I was kind of in college, it was all hardcore was all you know pop punk and which is fine but it's just like I was never good at that night. Yeah, and I couldn't be good at that. Yeah, and I wouldn't feel right trying to be good at that. I sort of had a similar thing. Like I remember there was a lot of pop punk and just like Indian my high school and stuff and I was in me and my brother always and not like just classic rock cover bands, but I remember it was Did we my dad actually gave us a playing the cow bone? You're here there? Oh, yeah, but yeah, my dad gave us a CD. It would just like one of those shitty CDs that you get like a just a you get like a package and you just right and it was just Hells Bells 12 times in a row. Yeah. I mean it was it was the first song I've ever heard in the last song I've ever heard. Okay, Boomer. Yeah, my dad gave us a CD. He was like, yeah, my a guy I work with said that you guys might you and your brother might like this band. It's just said the Sword written in Sharpie on it and we listen to a friend of a friend said that you might know someone that wants to rock and we wanted to rock. Well what sort of them was it was age of winners for as amazing as that album was I was in like seventh grade and which is like super attached to that record. Then I started following them on MySpace and stuff. I got like they were just it Is back in his Myspace days, but I just thought that they were like some weird band. Yeah, then they ended up on like the Guitar Hero soundtrack. Like do you remember that? Remember that? Yeah. They're on Guitar Hero one or something Freya. So what should the way? Yeah Fred was on Guitar Hero one the best the best song that I knew about. I didn't play a lot of guitar here because very bad at it, but I played a little bit of to of it on three. There was a song called lay down from a band called Priestess which it all. I'm listening. I was a priestess there drummers and that was in the Curt vials backing band is very weird. Yeah there. Yeah. That was cool. Yeah cool, but cool guitar here some yeah songs. But yeah, you can you can really get into a bunch of bands from wasn't a Guitar Hero. It's a for from playing guitar are just kind of get into some good music from Guitar Hero. Yeah. He's just like the like the hits, you know, Wolfmother. Oh, yeah, guys, I feel like the only knew about Wolfmother E. I feel like the only band you can really get into from like the only thing you could take away from Guitar Hero was just Wolfmother. They're coming coming coming with us. Obviously obviously took Priestess away from Guitar Hero so fuck you this sword and Wolfmother, but but not Priestess so I have a good sword Discovery story. Okay, let's hear it. I love sword. Everyone told me to It's like a real Excalibur situation. Okay, everyone was like, oh man get check out the sort of their cool and I at the time I was kind of lame and into like kind of more Tech stuff and but I was people told me to check it out. And I remember I was like, it was home for like Christmas break or something. My dad's like I'll take you to the store and buy you some albums and he's like, what do you want? I was like just buy me some albums. So I remember I went and I bought this must have been back in like 2013 or something. I bought ghost opacity. - okay, I never got into ghosts but keep going. I bought War providers both sort of so good and I bought Lady Gaga The Fame Monster. It's you and all three and the guy gave me weirdest collect. I gave me we're I don't know. I think Lady Gaga and ghost should tour together. That's actually true. That's actually true. And I love it. Well, and I love all of those albums deeply I think honestly the one that was never pegged you for a Lady Gaga Guy and my most these days is probably gags. Like I burned myself out on like you can only listen to 3 which has so many times. It's true and and that ghost album is good, but it's not my favorite ghost. Oh and I and I burned that out too, but I still come back to The Fame Monster periodically because like, I mean, I don't listen to it. I don't listen to a ton of Pop. Yeah, but that's what you do. You're like, this is really hitting that's like the Thriller of Our Generation in my opinion. Other than on that one. Is that the one with Bad Romance? Oh, yeah. Well, I skipped bad. Every time because I'm sick of that it's a matter of us than Alejandro so good, which is so good, which is just dumb and grey man. Still stick monster No Monsters Just okay, and then dancing the darks good side B. You got a telephone as the Donald has the great song Dumbest lyrics of all, the oo speechless side a ends with speechless, which is like her like Elton John Queen song. Yeah, which is like the fucking best. Like piano, I don't think I've heard our pop song of all time of the song. It's just Lady Gaga like just taping Elton John and it's awesome Jordan over here just like and then that'll Planet. Yeah, and then that that then closing outside be of Fame Monster is a track called teeth. That's really cool. Yeah. It's a great fucking just done and then what's the one about being drunk in the club with a bottle of red wine? So I don't remember it's a great record. Okay. I was at the check it out. I haven't In that much just get Bad Romance because you're sick of it. But I am sick of Bad Romance and and I'll always dance to it. Yeah, I think I think telephone has the stupidest lyrics this side of AMA be is that the one with Maroon 5 is on that was that where they feet now kind of thing can't be I'm thinking of yeah, I think of it a whole different one. I don't know but I know she's really great though. She she is great. She and then her most recent album. Joanne has some fantastic songs that Josh. Ami Josh Ami did some production on that. Well, he played drums on a song for some great drums and guitar on one. Yeah. I'm like the lead single. Yeah, which is like super cool. Yeah. No, it's great. And you know, that's what you gotta gotta do sometimes because you can always you can always be it can't always be about bogs and Satan man, it's true. It can't and I can't promise covid Lady Gaga has zero songs about bongs. And sometimes it's got to be about romance and the bad kind were the good kind. Yeah. And her later material there's yeah really interesting. She writes a weird number of songs about masturbating actually, which is a little weird. I could see then and really know that but I could see that yeah me too. Well, what are you gonna do next question next? All right. Thanks for getting the the Lady Gaga sojourn can stop silently judging is yeah, and he's never gotten what I did not expect that. What's up? I did not expect all the Lady Gaga. Well, I think right we did an interview in Cleveland and I derailed the whole thing of talked about A Hard Day's Night the whole time. It was like shut up now. I'm scared that interview. Actually. I really don't think they did the guitar player. The interview and the guy was like I got to be clear square with you. I've listened to any of your music and I was like, oh great cool. What are we doing here is better when we started chiming into the Long Haul because they were there for the long hunt. We're sitting on the other side. It was a double interviews, but we're selling it when they were in long underwear sit on the other side of the room harassing them like as they were being interview. Okay, as you do it was great. Yeah. But anyway so Nate, what was your I don't know just in no particular order. What were your top three albums of? Of 29. Oh, let's see. I had a tough time deciding these um what came out. I really love the new OCS record. What was it called? Shit they have so many all the time. I gotta get them like friends of mine. Love them and all their eye they were really tough for me to get to because they're like, you know, semi a jam band. They do a lot of jamming like real long ones. That's why I think fantana pointed out that on the record you're talking about like each I'd ended with a very long Jam. Yeah, each side. I think the first ones 14 minutes and the next one's 20 minutes and the record they put out before that has like a 19-minute one, like right in the middle that just like okay. I think everyone that hears that record is just going to skip over that. I think it's called Faith stabber and I'm thinking about it. So that's that's that's total shanrock. Oh for sure. All right, if you don't know our friend Shannon, who's oh, yeah. I know Shannon. Yeah, man. She's she ended up Shan slam. Yeah. She's a huge OCS huge parquet courts, man. No, I saw parquet courts twice actually saw the sheer. Probably there. I saw them here and I saw them a pitchfork and Chicago and they were pretty great. I like the new the king is record. I don't want to say that I loved both of their records from last year because I don't want to be that guy but I loved both of those albums. Oh the only good songs on fishing for fish. He's were fishing for fish. He's I'll come on millennial and cyber Geek Side. Look, I mean Boogeyman. Am I love the bird song? You were so many dumb. So there's a that's why I love it. It's such a dumb like goofy album. I mean compared to rats and compared to Rat's Nest. Like what are you gonna do you mean which is such a serious album. I mean was that your first foray and into giz I felt like you weren't like that much of a fan until infest around it was yours my first like really big introduction would you which would you think I was great. I love that everybody rats. It's so good like my favorite song. NG up the whole album. I mean, it's the last one it's and it's hell. Yeah, but it's fucking great. Dude. I saw them I saw them in Philadelphia last year. We went up with Justin and JJ and yeah, Justin and JJ from from daisy chain, and it was like I didn't know what to expect. I didn't know anything about the venue but there was it was packed out. You couldn't move a muscle like like it was that packed and it's all on the floor and then there was these guys and their girlfriends Standing behind us and the one girl goes she's like if they if anyone steps on my feet during the show, then I'm out and she's like, I wore sandals. Oh Mike you're going to I just turned I was like you're going to probably want to like get out of here then and she's like why I'm like this is going to be crazy and she's like, no, they're not that crazy and like just wait and they start off with Planet B. And then the back like they had a projector screen and just Flames just on the it was like being in a he'll like I've never been so sweaty in 30 seconds of my life. It was it was insane. I don't go to that many mental shows either. So it was like a rude awakening but it they were so crazy. Yeah, if you guys seen them with I have no idea how you got to check it out. You got to go to a show it was it was nuts. I've been meaning to it's up there. Yeah, but my introduction I It was during the full for album year I got. Oh, yeah, I guess it was actually saw them during that were like actually I guess it would actually know is coming up to like when fishies was the new album. Yeah, but I got into like the older stuff and I like the nonagon songs a lot on it's great. Yeah, I think that's I mean, I think I think robot stops my favorite giz song. It's such a staple. It's the the first song on their best album. I think there was one song. I heard a short clip of it's the river it's off. Yeah, like the right was the monochromatic. I think it's a yeah, the microtonal yeah. Yeah that the the whole such a that's probably my favorite one is the chorus riff or like the verse right? Yeah. That was really kind of that one's on. No. That one's not on the banana one. I don't remember which one those same Billabong Valley. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's my favorite one and be singing and B&B. Yeah, I love their accents and so funny anyway, okay, so you so your top GM's of the Year face staring and daylight and face Tavern Fest The Rat's Nest and I'm trying to think of the other one. I feel like it was a Ty Segall album and I can't remember which albums you put out last year. I feel like he put out a ton of them. Shit, I'll have to think about it and come back as of right now. It's fishing for fish. He's got to listen to that a whole bunch. But um, what about you guys Gordo? You're up top three. I should have to I think I have a list on my phone all of mine really kind of just stem from Regional acts that we've seen. Okay. So let me just guess let me guess. I don't know if you don't gasps. Let me finish. So for me and you had it that laugh about it. Oh wait, it was it was lightning bolt Sonic Citadel. That's what it was. You got to be listened to No, okay. We'll get into that shit. You got your fuzz tickets already, right? Yeah, that's the same day as the Wolfmother Primus the sword shall so I can't go it's a it's a bummer. It's a real bummer never saw him. But Macedon. Oh, yeah there that was that was just I was just recently but yeah, sorry. Sorry. Sorry about your shit. Okay? It's tough when you're put on the spot, isn't it? Yeah, it is. Yeah, so I'm just going to go with my heart. I got worshiper light in the wire light in the wire is just fantastic from start to finish. Okay coming through was like their first single off of it. Yeah. It sounds like a total classic rock song, but the way How It Ends just fantastic. Where are they from the from Boston? Boston Boston? Okay, Dave Jarvis is a demon behind behind the drum set and Then I'd have to go to horse burner the thief it's just a concept album like I gotta shake off big and it ends big that show. Thank you guys so much for asking us to be on that show and they came through that was insane. That drummer is like Adam is he's crazy about you. Look at his eyes. You feel like he's gonna like throw his drumstick. Yeah. I stabbed you in the chest like I strive to make the faces that like, so he was the money probably one of them. Aziz drummers, I've seen do anything in the any place at all with just one. Kick. Yeah, he's oh yeah, he was great. That was a great. Yeah. They're one of the best live live band. That was my first introduction to them. Like even it even if you're not like into horse burners records like their live shows all the records great to yeah. I mean, yeah, but they are coming back on March 21st. Oh damn, so if you would like to check them out, I would love to well worth net worth the watch and then I'll go to our dudes and Nashville go to howling giant The Space Between Worlds was you sent me that record. It is from start to finish a fantastic record ghosts ghosts in the well is probably my favorite through a little and it was trashed a choice and it's just it's really really catchy and it's just a nice way to chill out the Vibes between you know, yeah between the two songs, but I gotta check that one out story. I haven't listened to that one. I know you sent that well to me, I love Helen Jack. Yeah. I know you told me it was record of the Year material. Ariel and I still haven't given up there. Okay. Well, come on. Let's see. Let's see what you got. Yeah in no particular order. I'm gonna go Holland giant Space Between Worlds. My favorite song on that album is definitely the river guide and then I got to go pale Grail or eschatology such that that sent that I'm just a creeper and I think It's not even a creeper. But uh, where where are they are they from they're from Columbus. Okay, and now the song undermined I think has the best lyrics of the year for giving a lyrics of the Year award. I'm giving it to undermine and then my third one, I'm a cheat. I'm going to go with an EP. I'm going to go with black arts and Alchemy by Hill Ripper. I'm from Aberdeen Scotland uncommon that just like sort of Hell Ripper never checked him out. The goat is great. Sick black and thrash. It's just everything that you need. Yeah. It's for tracks. Like less than 15 minutes. Listen, he's got a new one coming out this year. And this is a ban or is it just is it it's a one man guy. He were he it's a one-man project like anything black but uh, but he is a he is alive man. I've lots of his merch but I yeah, huge huge. I have the number one how Rapport apology so it's pretty busy a bad, dude, or what? No, no sauce appalled. I apologize. I let you mad at you. Is like no. No, I'm not no. No, he's not like Savard or something. That's what I was going to say. I was like, oh no are we going into varg territory? Oh, no, don't don't fuck that guy. Don't speak the name of a false one. The false one. I was sorry. No, the false one is Sammy Hagar. Oh, yeah, he's pretty bad. He's football people. There's a lot of false. Well, not nice guy, but the false one the false when I started to listening. I just not like listening seriously, but I watched the Mayhem movie Lords of Chaos. Didn't like it, but just like had to check out burzum afterwards and I was like, well, are you were you at least I just weird to listen. Do you were at least familiar way did you go into that cold? Did you know I knew may I know who met him was I mean I was I was pretty scene like until the light takes us and no no I pretty much only no Mayhem just from you gotta watch Once Upon a Time in Norway. Gotta watch your show. The light takes us when you got to call me in the morning. Okay, what are those other documentaries fantastic documentaries and once upon a time in Norway is just about Mayhem and as a lot of interviews little man people and then until the light takes us is focused on varg and it was made when he was still in prison about him and then fenriz from darkthrone. Okay, and it's super great and you know goes through the whole thing, but it's super interesting anyone doesn't know what we're talking about just for the sake of the listeners Mayhem. But I don't know if you want to do any explaining on this I met has a band that like just essentially killed each other. Yeah, it would just that they were one of the you know forerunners of so black of second wave of black metal IE Norwegian black. Yeah. And yeah, like they had the singer that committed suicide and the guy took a picture of his body and put it on the album cover and it was then the bay was super fucked up shit that all then the basis then after the original bassist quit because he was disgusted. Another basis they brought in killed the first guy killed us on our player. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, no go go watch until the like takes this is a fantastic documentary and Fenner is from darkthrone actually him and Nocturne oculto also known by his Christian name Ted these days is I'm not shitting you like that. No, those are they're actually great and they've they're still making albums and they're still promoting cool music and Oh man, they just put out. I think it was 2019 actually the album Blackstar. They had a phantom the lead single off of that which is the hardship of the Scots when that came out. I beat these guided guys to death at band practice because every time we're setting up at like plug my phone and play music and it was like, nope. We're listening to the hardships because against this album. Yes, it it's what's not even, you know, they used to be black metal now, they just kind of more play like classic kind of speed metal shit. Yeah, that's Pretty cool the hardship of the Scots such the check all this out. Like I can make a list weakens our right? We cannot host it on here on your comments. Yeah, we can we can post on the comments or in the description. So I don't or we can just make a Spotify playlist. We could we at this this could be a first podcast with a Spotify playlist attached to it. We've been doing a lot of recommendations. Yeah, and it doesn't usually happen. Yeah. We're just trying to yeah, we're not talking about our own band at all. Yeah. Just try to talk about other issues records. Yeah. So let's to get back into the the line of questioning that but I wanted to ask you guys me up fam I want to ask you guys about about touring because I don't talk to many many bands that do a lot of traveling for shows and stuff that's the question the dinner bell time for lunch what is your question specifically because we travel some but we're not like you guys I mean yeah I mean how often do you guys do it it will last year we went out for about a week and then we did a bunch of weekenders this year we're doing a bunch of long weekenders because it just tends to be more efficient yeah we feel like you know when you're going to a town you haven't been to before you've only been to once it's much better to go on a Friday or Saturday yeah absolutely so and it just kind of works better you know it's easier on the Pete if you're trying to work your PTO and stuff but and yeah it's just better than like going to like on the last one we're like we want to go out and do it We're glad we did it. But you know, like, you know, we did like a town we never did before on it yesterday then we did a tally never did before in a Wednesday. Then we need to tell we never did before on a Thursday awesome. And you know, it was rough. It's yeah, but I mean it know what I mean and things went well and like, you know, it's fun. Yeah, really good connections. Yeah, and that's and know and that's how you sew the seam and you do right? But yeah, but yeah, we don't do much traveling. I mean I love when we do it's so much fun to just even just to make those connections it's worth. Th-that's worth doing. All right. Yeah, we just went I was like three weeks ago or two weeks ago. I was yeah candles. I really like what what but just just from that trip in the people we worked with. Yeah. Now we have a lot of really great connections and a lot of really great relationships and We're working with a lot of really great people. We have a lot of good people coming to town this year that were not necessarily even playing with that. We're just excited to did you help him? Get shows here? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah that we booked and I've put the shows together and made everything happen for him. And yeah and really excited to see that band. She they call is that what they're called? Yeah. Hell yeah, so good of their single so much. Sorry to intrude. Have you heard the whole records I've listened. record yeah it's the records great but greendeath is like greendeath is awesome I want track to spit in swallow this with long ago we were at their album a Squatch yeah it's a good it's a good song we went down we drove down for their album release and Louisville we didn't tell them we were coming we just showed up with our buddy Dan Simone from Black Spirit crown and Cleveland and it was like I've never seen I've never seen people crowd surfing at a doom she really yeah wow that's sauce it was it was insane big place really no better than hollers mag bar in Louisville it's like a solid it's like a combination I'd say about the size of halogen about the combination of hollers and Goose Keys okay hollers and sighs Goose keys and Vibe okay I like that except with a dope patio because Minds me of like buzz bin that's good because you can't you can't smoke indoors in any other civilized state so they have this great and actually so we went down and I think I was my favorite tour date we play was like Wednesday at mag bar we played with her buddies blind scryer and then with this band we'd never heard of called she and we're like is that how that's pronounced yeah and then we saw him I like they were awesome I love that vocal and then everyone everyone we met there was just some of the the coolest people ever is genuine people you probably know yeah honestly yeah so then like I always say the the behavior of the music the nice yeah we'll just just a little bowl in general so like a few months later my girlfriend was like let's get out of town for a weekend or and I was like let's go to Louisville so we went down there and did you know some touristy stuff and then hung out at mag and ended up going to a show and seeing a band from down there called Stagecoach Inferno this and that who may or may not be coming soon oh that was great and then just going back down to mag this past time to see she was great it's a great it's a really good Community down there there's so many great bands out of Louisville really close-knit Very very cool. That's cool. That's really cool. And then we're going to be on this is Herb are just very fluid and like where you're going and like you like if you want to go see a band you just kind of up and go which is kind of clear if we have the ability to be silly. Yeah. So well that she trip we planned you plan that well, that's two months. Well, that was a great weekend, but we went down we drove down on Friday to see she and then on Saturday morning we woke up and then we drove up to Columbus and there was a horse burner toke and a home has been called pistol of that things will pistol with an eye like the flower part. Okay. So yeah, which I like way better than if it was the gun, but which and that was great. so it was a great week and we saw six bands yeah that's awesome that's so cool some good but some good deeds to all of our friends along the way yeah yeah but now I mean that's what it's about and I just you know I'm sad that I'm sad that everyone so far away because I didn't hang out with everybody all at least you're getting shows that come up here you know that's that's awesome I'm like brow beer browbeaten people into it coming to Pittsburgh yeah I mean Aunt you I mean you're picking up you know fans in Pittsburgh like I had I would probably never know about she unless you told Me about them now Mike for sure gonna go see that and like it was that albums is awesome and horse burner as well. I had no idea about them or even replenishment. They're they're released beforehand. No that was dead seeds various scenes Barren soil punishment is the second song. You're right. You're right that just struck my head real quick. But no that is that in and of itself. Yeah is Riff City and they have two other releases beforehand as well which are like more Less like DB DB. Okay, almost there still really really cool and doesn't like to admit that they're really really cool, but they're really really cool. But a horse barn is just one of my favorite metal bands around. He's a horse burner man, and I love horse burner, but he's a horse you guys have played with them quite a bit. Right? I mean we play with them with Brimstone coven howlers was at Dumont the sun. Yeah while ago Allah Allah gave it would do with with Y'all I think that was the only time we challenge you play with them, but it's not it's not even about who you play with. It's just about going to see. Oh, yeah, see he's just going and yeah, but going to see your buddy. Absolutely. I don't even it's I don't like that show that she's coming up. We also got Buckle worms coming from Richmond. Yeah, I never heard of them either, but they they played the Holly giant release with us back last year and then Brimstone covens on that and like I'm not even on that, but I'm just excited excited excited. It's very good. It's gonna be fantastic times. Yeah, it's really cool that you guys, you know, you do this, you know, the these weekenders are small tours and then you can come back here and have all these connections and all these shows you can set up for other people. It's yeah like nice. Yeah. I want to throw out right now. I want to I want to shout out Valk Andhra from Louisville are not coming up for their tour. It's very unfortunate. They're not coming all the way up here, so they got to get here soon there. the Fantastic kind of like-- melodic black metal band from Louisville that's their goddamn amazing so Vol kandra kandra kandra everyone check that out I'm going to check that out as well just kind of recommendations I'm going to have to have on Spotify I know what's the newer one that just came out it's on Bank oh dude that was so much better that's really really bad just on their on their bank and they're very cute yeah on their bandcamp yeah bad fall kandra yeah well we'll make we will receive we make a Spotify will write all this down and we'll post it on them which we have discussed actually can I make a Spotify playlist and give it to you yeah and this is posted yeah and post it by next week give it to me I'll put it out with the with the pot now that would be awesome that be a we would love to do that because it's a recommendation heavy cast I've been here you know if we're allowed will put a couple checkbox songs on it you can do whatever you want but I'm also you know what else I'm going to put on it I'm going to put on a straw Shout out little blonde shout out that I'm not I should sing outside my field. You should sing like Hatfield. Yeah strong. Yeah. That's why the best on the spot Hadfield impression I could ever give but I want to ask another thing about a touring. I mean just what's your what's your favorite City you've played in so far Gordo first? Miss a little bell on the table that was probably has been seems that we really really the coolest City. Yeah, the grab the most time in to kind of explore and walk around the community everyone their roles everyone. There is really really welcomed by default rule of a beautiful city. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right, just totally blew how far is that of a drive it six hours six hours six seven depending how many hedge mole terrible stuff that but and then I'll give a All right. Well right back at you. What in any City. What is your favorite venue? You've ever played it? Well boy, and I'm going to just answer this first mine would be the Sligo Grog Lounge in Asheville North Carolina at the place where you guys took pictures and it was like in a we like it was like a bunch of toys everywhere. Yeah, it looks super cool. And I played I like assembling our setup and I was like playing Super Mario like console games arcade game people plan while you while you That's so cool. That's awesome. It was absolute. I saw the pictures. I gotta find out where this is and book a show immediately. Let's go down. Let's rode out. Let's do it. Come on, bro. I'm down. But yes out to Eli. What's electric Phantom. Oh, yeah. What's your favorite venue? Okay, you think about it now? I mean, I haven't played in many out-of-state places honestly, I mean even locally but yeah, well Kawaii, I mean nothing wrong with cattivo. I love playing cattivo cattivo. It's not bad, but I just like the last year was the first time we ever played Goose Keys like we never played there ever couldn't didn't even know how to book a show there and then just like every band that was coming through asked us to play a goose keys with them now. I just really love gu skis. It's like so relaxed. I love going to use keys. But I hate that. I love everything about the 30 minutes that I'm on stage just because it's like there's a spotlight right here. It's and I can't move. Yeah, you can't move it and there's tie tables and it's sticky. Yeah and it, you know pasta like maybe the mics won't work. Like that's always I mean and that's all fine. I love gu skis but like that 30 seconds. I'm like was very hot. It's very hot. So I'm like usually looking at the organ is theirs. A spotlight right here. So I'm like, I'm gonna look at you brother Cole. I think the last set we played there that the that light wasn't working but then George it's so shiny. Jordan gets so shiny that he's just as bright as the light it's rough. It's bad. It's rough. But duties is great. I like Goose keys and hollers, honestly, I mean, yeah, I don't know if I in husband's pretty cool too if I had to pick my husband's a really cool spot Chad and Julie are great people. My coat is a really really cool band. Check them out. Yeah, I've heard night go through. Yeah through divorce horse the band. Yeah, we know. Yeah Kim and what they're doing is really really cold. They actually hosted the last Ohio doomed in stone demands, which is put on by her body. Dance Simone. Have you heard of borscht horse though? They're all about making soup. No, but busman was really really cool. We planted another really cool venue called the Maple Grove Tavern they kind of said Everything up was really good of a turnout. But oh man, Maple Grove is a cool venue. It was really cool venue. That's what we do in our was really really really nice. That's where we did that weird Beatles interview. Yes where we don't know that's where that was. And I mostly just read a lot but I don't know man, honestly, I kind of really enjoy playing a West Side Bowl. I've heard so many good things but what's that balloons? Yeah, he treats you really well. If you're playing there you get free pizza. You're free. That's what I've heard. I've heard you okay with pizza dough. Beer, yeah, I've heard so many we got things about this place. Don't let him fool you we got free pizza and we got free Genesis, but Jordan still insisted on paying for younglings, you know, I can I sort of had I known about I think sort of time I would have Genny cream. Oh man, I sort of understand what where you're coming from. Yeah. You only have to projectile vomit Jenny cream twice before you can't reach any cream if you want to you want to whe Got a lot of we got a lot of road trips this year brother next question. You're like the weirdest interview. I like I feel like I'm running I'm beat. Yeah. I mean I had a question I had was about your new record. I don't know. I mean you mentioned before you don't want to give too much away. So basically I just wanted to ask what's what Different about it than to build a fire or anything you really as before. There's only three of us next question. That's the only thing you're going to give up. I mean you're willing to give up. No, I think I mean musically with it with anything with anything. I would say, I think that you know, my songwriting is progressed to a level. They're never-before-seen. Hey, that's how we do it is we recorded this ourselves. We recorded this with Matt very and Charles Lindbergh. Very sharp, very tight recordings and he's amazing. He was great to work. So many good things. Yeah. We used a lot of it a lot of great gear and it was just so great having like an you know, and he does such a good job to neutral arbitrator to tell you when he didn't do something tight enough or if you thought something sucked and he'll be like no. That was great. Yeah. That was great. I was super happy. He had his a real Fender Rhodes there. So I played a minor roads on bunch of tracks. And Noah's great just on that level. It was great having someone that you really trust is and that was the first time you had someone working with you. Yeah, because the first two records first ourselves, which are great, but it's like it's fun to do record yourself. It's great, you know because you have all the time and creativity in the world, but you get to the point where you're like kind of over analyzing yourself, but at the same time you're just like I just want to get it done and you kind of God Corner sitting here in the same shit you cut Corners that you don't realize I see you were going they were cutting. No, I feel that I mean they'll last blondes record was the first time we ever did anything without anybody and it was like nice and that sense, but I definitely know where you're coming from. We're just like you kind of just want to get it out at one point like you overanalyze the mixing so much is because you have the you know, the the time do it. Yeah, but it was fantastic having a guy, you know, he's going to do it right and there's not going to be like weird low frequencies somewhere anything but that was fantastic. And also we toured the This whole record for almost a year before recorded. Oh wow, and then we spent a month doing pre-production demos at home. So we recorded the whole album at home and we did everything. Yeah, and we multi-tracked everything and we polished every the new record. Yeah, and then we sent it to him and we said these are our pre-production demos and then that original click that we played two is the click the we actually built the new record on in the studio. So we recorded it twice so when we went to the Studio we really knew what we were going to sharp as hell I have but that being said I still wrote new parts in the studio because I'm a oh yeah why not but like I so I was like oh we gotta give all that time to reflect and listen like well yeah but at the last minute I'm and also I'm like in the vocal booth for track 3 which is called inner Zone Mantra See you said you weren't going to give any any totally know we've announced today I'll tell you I'll tell you the name of the album but with that one I was in there in like the I had the vote no Melody for a while for that verse but I didn't have the lyrics and I'm in there with Matt I'm like he's like you ready goes a good hey what's a what's a synonym for you know like shade or something are you gonna he was like he was like that's not my job dude was like I got it isn't that the worst being put on the spot when you're when you're like doing vocals like I hate I was like shocked I was like I'm like so I'm like it's so bad like writing Eric's on like his like he's got like thank you cards or something and there and I'm like right now and they're still there so if you go there there's like a spiral binder you can see your for bands to write like you know thanks Matt and and the you know original like the final lyrics of the verse of intercept Mantra written on one of those that's pretty funny you know everyone's gonna be like I have no idea what and that is but my nightmare is being in a vocal booth again like it was it was like I've never felt so put on the spot pot than being in a vocal booth like it's so tough for me I don't know why oh I enjoyed it other than the under Mars microscope yeah it that's what it feels like well I mean there were certain things Matt made me really appreciate about my singing about like where I'm pitchy and where I'm not really hitting things right but at the same time I felt great and because like I felt like I could be creative and I was always like what if I did a Harmony here and he was like yeah do it and like we ended up using them and I'm like and then like you know like what if we put falsetto vocals over everything yeah do it and I had a great time I mean doing being you're more comfortable as a vocalist without like ever you know this is the first record you're doing lead vocals on so that's a good sign you know like you're going into this new record and I mean I've written a lot of songs and song oh yeah stuff well yeah you do have your solo stuff right yeah but you know being in that situation I don't know it was just fun and we're kind of at that point we're comfortable with each other just like relaxed and being creative awesome yeah that's pretty cool but yeah I mean if there's anything else you guys want to say before we hit the dusty here Gordo you go first before I shout out to and yeah, shout out go out to text and I mean let Justin. Oh, you're your fax number is it's just some stuff to send you just to not here waiting. He lost your number and he can't find it. Justin's not here because he's trying to find anyone who's back snacks. And yeah. Yes the singer and yes, yeah. It's very important that she gets like that one. yeah exactly yeah exactly it but also know and you know your Uber driver from last time yes the Enya no time to dig into that everyone that has helped us along the way I don't really know what else to say p / Laurel Of You dudes horse Marie love you dudes how enjoy this guy right now is that song that are naturally so kicking her if you can thanks thanks for having us Nate absolutely yeah absolutely absolutely it was it was fun it was it was a different pot with two guys three guys I would just like to point out that while industry public house gets some bad rap for being pretty lame and pretty Normie they do have homemade blue cheese dressing for their wings and it is fan goddamn tastic and I had a recommendation that's not a music one is I appreciate that I appreciate the blue cheese dressing with the wings IT industry public house and you can hang it up there and they got Food man. I mean he can't can't deny that pot roast fries or mac and cheese is really really lose anything to take away from this podcast. If you're going after the cheese dressing, that's a Robinson if you pick someone up at the airport, you don't stop it industry in Robinson on the way back you doing it wrong and my boy Dave trick works their drummer Brimstone coven always good to see him in industry and the blue total stress those that had a David industry and make sure to order the blue cheese dressing. In well, I actually got one last question for you. Okay, what's really important when we got what is if you're at a bar with somebody what is like and they you order wings? What is the most the flavor that they order that is gonna totally tip you off at their an undercover cop. What is the coppice flavor of wings together anything that has to do with like fruit probably like a pineapple, you know, you know, I'm talking about interesting and I feel like that's the go-to move right? I mean I get it. get a different I'm running a survey different about I'm collect I'm doing you guys are full-on for I'm a classic I mean like Nono what Nono what it will never what a what a what a cops get I don't know what cops can that's why I'm asking you they get fucking Donuts coffee what is what is the coppice flavor of what the conference probably like remember we're going like super Normie maybe like garlic parmesan that ah no no just straight straight this the great Barbara Schneider straight barbecue so fucking what everyone everyone has a different answer and they all have rat I feel like every answer that anyone's ever given is wrong I mean how can it be right I mean my opinion is barbecue somebody said blue cheese I don't know this has been the interview thank you for coming thank you for coming my Ted thank you for coming don't order don't already popped wavelength don't worry barbecue wings you know what now that I think about it right here at least nine beers another thing about flying half a second that kind of makes sense the barbecue wings it just straight like it's like no one gets barbecuing know once you get your straight kind of make sense yeah hot barbecue is good but just straight barbecue yeah I think I think you might be onto something with that but I don't know but anyways this is Jake the hawk thank you guys for coming on this has been this has been fun