Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure.Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to do some things that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get into our highlights. We've been gone for a couple weeks now. Yeah due to a little conference in SoCal. Yeah. We were down in Los Angeles La for wait, wait shout out El lado. Sorry. I had to say it. That was a little inside joke with my teens. We went down to youth day. So something happened where in the car we're driving down. It was just very quintessential AA quintessential. Yo, I got that I got that SAT vocabulary most quintessential about it. So we're sitting in the car. What do you think when you think of a What do you think of the long drive palm trees Holly traffic where you sit in traffic? It was literally we're sending driving and the one of my teachers like La though, and then every time something like quintessential La happen, we're just like La though. I literally I have a bracelet. That's a custom-made bracelet from Disneyland that says Allah will do they all have it? Are you guys only one one other team got it. And so now I just have have imagined a bracelet Vinnie. Yes. There's every time I see La though. It's funny. It's funny. But know that that was a reason why we missed an episode. But how was how was Congress for you? Kev? Dude, Ali Congress was a blast like we went down with the group of young adults and we just went to Disney first a yo set of going to youth day. We didn't go to youth day because I didn't bring any youth are we just went with our young adults? And so we spent Thursday at Disneyland? Awesome. Yes. Wait, tell me about it. Dude rise of the resistance the new ride at Disneyland. We okay. Can I gotta tell the whole story one of the have to this is one of the craziest things that happen. So this is prior to the conference starting on Friday, but on Wednesday, we get it on Wednesday. And so we're planning to go early to Disney on Thursday in order to get a boarding group for Rise of the resistance. And so I woke up at like 5:00, right 5 435 is and I was like, I'm gonna let that night we Want we did a Target run so I bought like some breakfast stuff. I'm like, I'm gonna cook everyone breakfast. I gotta wake up - what a nice guy. They're gonna wake up to the smell of garlic rice some bacon some eggs. Oh dang. Okay. Okay. Okay, I see you. So we're in this are being vegan. And so I started I open all the windows. I turn on the exhaust and the lights in the kitchen and I just start cooking right? So I'm cutting up the bacon. I'm frying the bacon and suddenly because I guess of the smoke of the bacon the entire house is like fire. Line system went off and it's not like one of those fire alarms that are just on the ceiling like one of those rounds. It's an actual like if you're in a business like a oh, no your school like a fire alarm went off and everybody just woke up right everybody up and we are freaking out because the the owners of the air B&B at we're actually in the house behind us so that we are in a separate kind of house. It's yeah really weird. I guess it was like a Guesthouse kind of and so we're like, oh my gosh, it's like Four five in the morning, we're going to wake them up. But apparently they slept through it which is which is really lucky for you guys. Thank God and so that was a really rude awakening but I ended up not continuing rise and shine rise of the sighs. Okay. I tried we got there before eight o'clock. So eight o'clock the Q opens in order to start joining a boarding group, right? So everybody like has it kind of does at the same time and they say that if you're from boarding group one to eight. Then you're going to be guaranteed to ride the ride that day. If after 80, it's only like if they have time, you know before the park closes and so we're like walking to our first ride and then I see it's like seven fifty five fifty nine seventy nine in all of us stop and we all take out our phones like we're all at we all made like a FastPass party and we're like in a circle and we're like, okay and then so we refresh the page. We everyone was kind of like trying to get a cute like a group number for us and then I got it dude. I got it. To guess what group number we were what number 24 dude is crazy. He'll tell us about the right. I don't want to spoil it. What do people want to go? Okay, tell him what you could find out just from like hearing about it. Don't tell me the details. Okay, because that's you want experience that firsthand the technology on this ride is next-level do like the way that they it's a tracklist rice tracklist and you there's like lifts. There's like there's Different Twist to it. When you think the thing about Disney that I love is that when you think that one thing is going to happen the Total opposite thing happens and you're like it blows your mind because when on the right, I'm like, okay. This is where we're going to go. This is what's going to happen and they totally just like left me just astounded it was amazing. It was one of the best rides and we got there got on it and we got off and it was still like 10 a.m. And so we got the pretty early and we had the rest of the day to just relax and chill throughout the park. So but yeah, that was Disney else. We're down there for yeah, I think that I think religious Congress was my main the main reason why we were down there and that was that was spectacular in itself. I mean, we this was like our fourth or fifth time depending on the group like a vest going and it was just you know is the typical Congress which is awesome exhibit seeing everybody from like straight speakers. Just walking around great artists like musical artists and the workshops were phenomenal. So what was a particular Workshop that that stood out to you. I think the workshop that really resonated with me the most was actually Stephen goose. It was workshop. And so I went to his on Sunday in the morning and it was being called by Grace. I think that's along the lines of what the workshop was about like how to find Grace in modern times and he just shared, you know, beautiful music and beautiful testimonies. But one thing that stood out to me about what he says was that never to sell ourselves too short and in regards to you as a youth Minister as a minister in general Like when when people say like well good job on that event or a good job with that talk or that Retreats or whatever. It may be we always say oh no, it's all God. You know, it's all God, which it is, you know, it's right to glorify God and to point point everyone towards towards gotten in the glory of God and that just shows so much about your character, but he said but also don't one thing that he's learned is don't sell yourself too short because in order for that Grace to happen you had Except that Grace first you have to say. Yes, you know and he uses us. He uses us as vessels for his hers. Greater good. Yeah for his greater good and so he Steve just really it was a good reminder to me that you know, always always Point people towards God, but also don't sell yourself to too short and realizing that he's using you he's using you as a as a vessel as a as an instrument, right? And so that was that was kind of just that topic or that that point that really just resonated with My heart throughout the throughout the Congress until now so yeah, that's awesome. Yeah. What okay enough about me. How was your Congress experience? So we I took teens so my experience was a little different. Although I did see Kevin I did see kept for like 30 seconds. It was great. We were in line for Astro blasters and Jenny and Kev came up and it was super sweet to see them. I actually snagged I was taking film photos and I got them developed you got them. So I'm showing camera now. This is a reaction to photo of him and Jenny, aw, dude. Fuck you, that would don't want y'all look good. I love this photo. Yes, it was super dope seen Kevin Denny, even if it was just for a short amount of time and no it was a really dope trip. So we drove down Wednesday Wednesday night. We went to downtown Disney some youth ministers who I think might also have my location they have we were walking through downtown Disney trying to find somebody dinner and then these groupies ministers come up to me and me being the person that I am I like started. Away, no. No, I love them. I just I get easily overwhelmed all love all of them. Did you really start walking away? I mean jokingly. Oh I see. Yes and then no Downtown Disney Wednesday night. Thursday was Youth Day in yo, it was hype like it was hot ain't never been to you things like what so what happens what time and so does it start so, you know, yeah, they're like there are two tracks and they're kind of reverse a one-track you do keynote and then sessions or workshops, and then the other one is So it's workshops and then a keynote I see so we got there seven am old so freaking early and we get there and it's really dope. We have our matching Mama Mary t-shirts and we are keynote. So it was a dude Doug took. So for those that don't know Doug took is a dad of five girls. So the way that he spoke to the females in that room was just different. He tells him to stand up and he was like ladies. I need you to know something. The world needs your feminine heart the world needs your kindness and your compassion and you are a daughter of the one true king who buddy you could hear a pin drop in this room. Like you could just tell his words were piercing the hearts. Did you start to cry? I mean, that's her up, maybe a little bit stop because I would I definitely you know, what's funny then he had the boys stand up. Oh, yeah boys, and it's so funny just the difference between how he To the girls and how we talked to the boys. They talked to the guy he told the boys he was like boys. I need to tell you something. You guys need to learn how to shut up and listen. It was like oh dang. I mean, I'm okay. I'm with it. Wow, okay, but I don't know if I say it like that. No, but he talked about how like the world needs them to serve needs them to put themselves aside and just be like to try. Uli serve others and to get out of their own way and it was very powerful it was a very powerful keynote. It was powerful sessions. We saw djamel indras nice and most of it most actually I think all of my teens hadn't seen him before and you know, it was it was a party y'all know. It was a Catholic party and then actually Hannah won a t-shirt. They threw her Joe Melendez through a teacher into the crowd threw a right to hang on my camera. She was so hype which which teacher was it it was the one that says blessed a long sleeve. Yes. As and then yeah, so we had youth day and then we had Disneyland. Of course, we did all the Disney things we have dude. Oh, I was tired at the end of the day. I was so tired. That was normally my kids. So my teens roast me a lot that's their love language. I guess I guess I guess and at the end of the day one of the teens said something to me and normally, you know, like when a teen row so you kind of like have a witty comment back or you laugh or you say something they Roasted me the way. Oh Anna doesn't have energy and she had a Red Bull and I just looked at them yesterday. I just stared at them and I didn't say a word and I think they felt bad and then I felt bad because they feel bad. I was like, I'm sorry. I just I'm tired. I'm tired, but no it was really good. We didn't get to ride rise of the resistance. But galaxies Edge is insane. What what position are you do? Okay. So I was I was a gunner first and this is my boyfriend. Yeah, and then I was a pilot isn't being a pilot. Awesome, you feel so powerful because you're literally steering the ship that you like seen in movies and stuff like that and like literally feel like you're in the movie. Yeah, like I was I was co-pilots with Vinny one of my teens and were like fist bumping each other and be like, let's go Connors you got that. Let's go apparently being a Gunner and an engineer kind of sucks because all your button pushing a button, but like if you push that button, well, that's true. You'll win do being being a pilot so much fun because literally you feel the movement. With everything you do not you're literally stealing the Millennium Falcon's so fun dude, that's wild. Oh my gosh. And then did you guys what did you guys head home? So we drove back on Saturday. We actually stopped in Bakersfield my parents my lovely lovely parents made a home-cooked meal for everyone on my teens. And so it's nice to have a home-cooked meal after having like all this kind of fast food and hearing out the past few days. And yeah, no, it was a great trip exhausting trip, but it was very fruitful and I think I mean obviously, you know, Disneyland's can be fun like that's kind of a given but just to see the joys of of the ministry in terms of the teens really none of them had been to youth day. And so for them, it was a first-time experience and they were so excited to see that the church is far greater and far larger than just our diocese than just the parishes that were in him. You see these thousands of teenagers just on fire for Christ and you see these young people who have put on this event. That's what's cool about youth day is that it's put on the gas. Yes, there's there's adults I put it on but those that are speaking a lot of times our high schoolers themselves. Yeah, it's by youth for youth. It's by youth for Youth and that's powerful. That is so shout out to the Archdiocese of Los Angeles a shout-out to you guys. This has been a tradition for that's been lasting for years years that like and hopefully for years to come but it's an amazing conference. And if you guys haven't been to it, we encourage you guys to look it up its happens every year. So I think the the dates are out already for next year's absolutely. So check it out. If you haven't been to La Congress before Ali Congress sponsor us on would you like to get us started with a prayer? I would love to kind of a new father son. Holy spirit. Amen. Come Holy Spirit Come Holy Spirit loving and gracious God we come to you during this Lenten season with Meek and Humble Hearts. May you speak to us through this episode May you reveal to us what you want us to focus on this Lent. It's very easy to get caught up in all the things that were supposed to do. All the things were supposed to fast from and be in abstain from that we forget to focus on you Lord. Christ bring us back to you. Your listeners as well as us. Use this season to come back to you Lord. Use this season to renew our lives and you Christ and we die to self in order to rise with you on Easter Lord. We pray and Thanksgiving for our listeners. We pray for their Linton Journeys. That they may die to self in order to rise with you Lord. Brandon special way and Thanksgiving for this opportunity to continue this podcast Lord. We know it is not always an easy thing to get out of the way and to let you speak help us to do so. Help us to get out of the way so that you may speak light Into Darkness that you may heal wounds. We know not of we thank you for this opportunity. We love you Lord in your name. We pray. Amen father son. Holy spirit. Amen roll the intro and we're back with episode 7 7. It's a holy number good and it's lent. Oh do it was like it's meant to be Coincidence now God incidents. Oh, I see you dude. I see you. So we have a few things on the agenda for this this week's episode. We're going to start off actually with some phone calls it some phone calls first time ever. I feel like we're on some radio show like calling in is dude. Whatever this am I do, you know, so what we're going to do is our former guest actually. We don't know this but we are going to call our former guest and this ask him a couple questions. What does lent mean to you? And what lent promises are you making? Yeah, and we're interested in hearing what our former guests have to say about lent their thoughts on it advice they have for yes result of that don't know what to do during Lent or how to how to focus on the three pillars, you know, fasting almsgiving and Amber are absolutely so let's let's just call her our guests. So we start from the Let's start from the beginning covid. So this is Clarissa chiodo has God. Hey, you're on speaker with a Ne-Yo. Hi, Ayanna. Hey, we have a just a few questions for you really quick. We just wanted to kind of give some maybe some advice or some wisdom from our former guest and one of the things that we wanted to ask you is what what do you think of Lent or like what do you hope to get out of Lent or what advice you may have for those that are Entering into this Lenten journey, and then the second thing would be like, what did you what have you given up for for Lent if you're willing to share? Sure. Okay, cool questions. So lent to me is a time of routing the weeds in my own life so that I can bloom or the I can bloom into the person. I God really wants me to be especially come heister time. I just A beautiful image because Easter is only think of like flowers and grow that new beginnings so that I think it is and then what I've given up for Lent is unnecessary screen time from until 5 p.m. So when I wake up until 5 p.m. Yeah, that's dope. That's really awesome. Thank you for sharing. Yeah, of course, so I love it. Of the image that you paint of weeding out in order to bloom like more fully into bloom better because often times we don't take the time to weed out. We don't take the time to take away. The things that prevent us from growing closer to Christ is definitely what better a time than Lentz and then this season to weed out that which prevents us from becoming closer to Christ very true. Well, yeah, absolutely and especially because Cuz I mean when I was earning like what to give up there are so many different things like oh I can add a devotional or I can maybe give up with Boba something to be something like more aesthetic like like giving up all seasoning like I thought about that too on food. It has to relate to my vocation though because obviously I'm like not just cooking for myself, but also, You know, I just know myself and I know how much you know screams take up my time and take up my day. And especially when I know that there are other bigger things and pressing things and priorities in my life. So I feel like it's been pretty fruitful so far. I mean we're going on we have our high school Retreat this weekend. So I got a lot done I can say that that's all. Awesome. Well, thank you for picking up and we actually have to tell you something. So you're actually we're actually recording right now. And so everything's been on the podcast it ready already. Is that is it okay if we share your beautiful answers? Yes, of course. Surprised you're on the podcast again. OMG number two. Yeah. Well, thank you. Thank you for your answers. Thank you so much, and we'll be praying for you. And on this Retreats. I think when this airs you'll be on the last day of the retreat, but we pray that it goes well and that God gives you guys with so much grace this Pat this next weekend. Thank you. God bless you guys. Thank you. Hi class. That was awesome. Yo, that was so high. Also, can we just say how even not being on the podcast? She gave such good and holy answers. Yeah, like mazing. It's just her it's hurt. You know, it's not likely who clot. It's not something. She just turns on and off is just her as a person which I think we're all called to do. Alright next guess also if there are guests missing they either didn't pick up or didn't well there was a reason that they weren't on it and they don't feel like oh my gosh, they didn't call this person. It's okay guys. Try it. So the next person so our next guest was John Menard. Oh, oh, let's go. What's up Kev? What's up? You're on speaker with Anna. Yo. Hello. What's up, dude? Yo, dude. Oh my God, I am. Convicted right? Oh my gosh. You're just gonna roast me. Okay. Nice to talk to you too, John. Love you guys. We love you too. What does this mean for me lent is a time of reflection a time a time that we get to pray. So really our time in the desert is to fight Temptation, and I'd really bind bind ourselves closer. To the journey that Christ put himself there not just in the 40 days of temptation but also in the journey towards the cross, but I really do look at lent as an opportunity not just to Friday but to Sunday and I'm really a Sunday person not a Friday person and I had brother to me. The resurrection is is truly what gives the crucifixion its purpose and And and we sometimes look at lent as if it's is about the crucifixion like we value ourselves we got into do we die too, you know to our own vices or at least our vices need to die. But really it really is to celebrate the life that that the crucifixion of the crucifixion leads us to and that is rebirth and alive again. If I were to quote Matt Maher in terms of you know, we're taking it back to praise and worship. Yeah, but really that idea of Matt Maher Memoirs, you know being alive again in the spirit. So so I really believe that 40 days is it not just a journey to the Cross but a journey to what the cross facilitates and that is Christ directly resurrection and our rebirth. Wow. That's awesome. I love you guys. I hope You have a really great lengths a blessed Holy Week and I I'm praying for your ministry your Ministries. I should say in the diocese as soon as they as well as everyone who listens to who is blessed by the pot. So again, thanks for everything that you guys do. Thank you John. I love you, brother. Yo what? I can't talk very long. Okay, just answer one question before I drop my what the heck. Manong, though. Thank you so much for John. Do you have awesome? I feel like what's really cool about even just our two first answers is that they gave different parts of Lent like John talked about like Clarissa talked about a little bit of the dying to self and weeding out. Whereas John talks about the resurrection. It's always so Dynamic. So next we have John kellett. Hey, man. Hey man, what's this is this season of Lent mean to you if you don't have went to me is a Ting of sites on the Lord not so much any change in the way that I live my life, but we focusing on what's important you focusing on what matters and and focusing on being mindful of my faith and of my relationship with God and being mindful of its presence. So in the in the fasting in the giving up and adding on of things and let it is really just a refill Focusing of my sights on Christ. Well, that's that's beautiful dude. Awesome. Thank you. And I guess the second question we have for you is what is something that you maybe you're adding on or giving up in order to grow closer to Christ this season. I am giving up. You know, I deleted actually did this yesterday like halfway through the day. I deleted my Instagram Snapchat and Facebook accounts. Oh, wow. I recognized that. I was spending way too much time in like transition times like looking at stories and just scrolling through and I recognize how much time I was wasting that I could be spending on other things. So did you delete the accounts or did you delete the apps on your phone? I deleted apps on my phone for sure. And and is you know if I feel inclined come Easter all Adam back on but now that I'm thinking about it, I don't think it really added much to my life anyways, and if I really wanted to I could I could go on to them from from my browser. Anyways, I want you to come along. Yeah, like if you really wanted to yeah, it's not like I post much anyways, so it's not you know, it's not like I'd be losing much in terms of communicating myself with others. Hmm But I think it was more of a distraction from being Mindful and present the moment for me. And I think it doesn't do very good for my self-esteem anyways to like, you know, people paint this picture of themselves on social media that you know, I look at all the good their lives and go. Wow. Well, what do I have and it's only just distracts me from what's important which is what do I have to offer and what can I what part of Christ can I see in those people and who they are? Absolutely, I think social media a lot of times can just bring us into this this idea or this this atmosphere of comparison like oh look at what I have. That's not what they have and I'll look at them. Like they have the life together and I don't exactly but you're right. It's like it's not about what we have and it's not about what we don't have is like we have Christ and that's all that matters. Ultimately right right not about what they have or what I have is about what we have. Oh, amen. And brother, thanks for thanks for having me and and God bless you guys and good luck and thank you for continuing to do what you guys do. Like I said, you know last season this podcast is is an Incredible Gift to those who listen and incredible witness to Christ and people's lives. So grateful for you guys and happy one dude. Thank you. We appreciate you on on this episode and we appreciate you continuing to share your wisdom with you. You thank you with us. Really appreciate it. All right. Thanks guys, dude. He is so wise like he just like he was so joyful to hear that. It's being shared because he was like, oh like that's funny. But he's also like ya know anything for the kingdom and I think that's what's cool about our guests at mindset of just anything that you know, even though I didn't know what I was about to say, but like whatever comes out if this is going to help build up the kingdom that I'm all for it. I love it. This is such a joy. Here we have Katrina Antonio. What does lent mean to you? And then the second question is what's a lent promise you've made or what something you've chosen to give up now lack for me before? Like two years ago went to me was just kind of like on them. Like I'm going I'm going to have to like about the stuff and then I'm going to have to like give up something that's good because everyone's going to ask me like, oh, what are you giving up and I don't want to see him, you know, like I don't want to seem like that's not that's not a big enough sacrifice and so each year. I would kind of focus on what could I give up? That would impress other people? Wow. Yeah, and then I guess recently well. Okay. So Brian and I went to ask Wednesday service at Saint of Apostles because it was later. So it was like more convenient for us and st. Lawrence's time and the priests there had a really good point. He said if you're going into rent and you're just giving up sweets for example, but you're not doing it without going. God's without prayer in their intent and you're just dieting. You're just doing a 40 you're just doing a 40 day diet. There's like no point in doing that. You could do that any time of the year. Yeah. Well many men. Yeah, but like in length, you have to have God in your heart and in your mind when you're making that decision of what to fast from so I guess now my answer would be lent is Like a Rejuvenation time, I guess for me to like refocus like remember who is the center of all things and then he also I'm just feeling his whole homily right now. It was a really good home. You said that you know how the hell we get asses. And the thing is to dust you will return yes. Remember you are dust and to dust you shall return. Yeah that never made sense to me. I was like Kind of rude like a little morbid. Yeah dark, did he explain it? Yeah, he did. So he said dust is worthless to you. Right? Like we always like sweep away dust you're trying to get rid of dust but God God Is What Makes You human god without so without God you're just done but with God about it what that is what gives you like? Thought it was that's what gives you soul my soul. - right it was like one of the best homilies. I've heard in a while. You know. Wow dude, that's awesome. Yeah, so I guess now lenses like it's a time for me to get Bob back into my life because throughout the whole year, you know, like things are so busy and they tell you to take like spiritual nourishment and like time for yourself and Retreats but like lens is like that time to refocus Then like it's kind of like your own Retreat to come back to God and man. I love what you said refocus and remember, you know, that's amazing. Wow. Thank you for sharing. That's amazing. Thank you so much, dude. Thanks father's death. Alright do well. Thanks for talking with us, and we'll see you later. Okay. See you guys next we have Therese new in. What does lent mean to you and then the second one is what's a lent promise that you've made this Lent or something that you've chosen to give up? Okay. So let really means to me is it's the time to really reconnect my relationship with the Lord and it's it's a really good time to focus on that personal relationship with Christ because so often I get lost and connecting with other people and In Christ through other people that I forget that aside from that horizontal aspect of Faith you have to have that vertical aspect of Faith as well. And so that's what I've you lent as it's also a good way to connect with indirectly with other people who are going through the same thing. I've had a lot of friends who aren't Catholic who are really interested in the London process. So it's also like a season of I guess evangelizing it away like able to spread God's word in like London tradition. I'm a friend who's not Catholic and is thinking about becoming Catholic or becoming confirmed. Right? And she is really enjoying like joining me in lunch practices like not eating meat on Fridays and she went to go get ashes at a prayer service. So she was really interested in that. No the super dope II never really think the opportunities to evangelize if you don't Ash Wednesday, everyone's walking around with these ashes on their forehead. It's like a conversation starter. We're like you're in the grocery store. Yo, that's a Catholic right there. And then you also recognize all your fellow Catholics in your like a hashtag hashtag hashtag. Yes. Is there a Lenten promise that you've made or something that you've given up? Um, I think for like this year, I haven't really decided on a specific thing. I'm going to do or give up. I'm thinking more of adding. So instead of giving up something. I think I was thinking of adding more time in prayer more more quiet time at the end of the day because so often like at the end of the day first thing that I do. Well I pray before I sleep but There are also times where I'll be on my phone up until the point where actually fall asleep. And so instead of doing that maybe just putting my phone on silent putting the world on fire and I guess and just being still and being with God. That's awesome. Really cool. Yeah. I was just curious about what you to answered in regards to those two questions. That's great. No, thank you for asking Yeah, we actually haven't answered that question ourselves. So so on a please take it away lent when to means to me similar to Katrina, I think in the past it was it was very much about ego is very much about Pride like oh like I'm going to do this because I'm a super good Catholic and I'ma give up all these things. It was one year. Actually it was giant Linton like fail. Like I took an L that year was I had a list of things that I was going to do is list of thirty two things who did I think that I was needed to look at this list, Remember because I was trying to be so holy but in the process of that I was like becoming prideful and egotistical and I was it was becoming the opposite of holy. Yeah. I'm just because I was trying so hard to be this image of a good Catholic that I thought people wanted me to be rather than just focusing on my relationship with Christ. And so what lent means to me is getting back to the basics getting back to just having pure conversations with Christ and be like, no dude. I want to like that dude was referring to Christ but like not do like I want to get to know you again. I want to like like just like a relationship. I want to have conversations with you and get to know you better and I want you to know my heart and I want you to know my heart's in my struggles and let's just be vulnerable with each other. And so that's what led means to me. It's means refocusing on a relationship with Christ and means we focusing on why we do what we do and why we even believe in God and back to the Physics and Lenten promise that I've made I didn't want to share but of course you ask them not going to not answer you one of the things that I'm doing is that I'm actually only wearing one pair of shoes all of Lent, which is actually the first time I've ever heard something. I thought that's actually really cool. Wait, which bear there might Eva's they are sandals and the reason I To do this. I am a big shoe like almost big shoe person. I'm sister head. Yeah, like I'm all about this my shoe game. And so it was something that I wanted to do in order to humble myself to have only one pair of shoes all of Lent and to really challenge myself to I don't know not focus on like my image as much not focus on what other people see me as or like oh on a shoe game is flame. Just like what if on a shoe game is just like Just honor in some wanted it to become more than just. On a focus on herself and this is a little bit. This is one sacrifice. I mean I'm doing some other things that I want to keep private but this is one thing I'm doing in order to die to self and it make myself make what is it the phrase I mean very simply it's less of me more of him. Yeah. And so I think that's why I'm trying to get back but you can decrease so he can increase absolutely even something as as simple as one pair of shoes all of Lent. So, yeah, thank you for asking yes, Kevin. Oh, yeah, that's right. No, sir for Lent for me is I think it's just I mean I can't do better than what you said so I can tie all my might reiterate some of the things that you've that have been shared in that on adjust shared but it's really just for me a time to kind of recenter my life on on Christ because I feel like especially working for the church we can get caught get so caught up in. In villages some logistical things and kind of ministry turns more into a job than a Ministry, you know, and so it's a time for me to really self-reflect flush myself of anything that leads me astray. Right? I mean these 40 days are exactly what they represent right? So the 40 whenever there's 40 in the Bible, right? It means some sort of transformation is happening, right? So 40 days before the Israelites could enter the slant or 40 days before when Jesus himself, you know prepared for his public Ministry by going into the desert. So I'm truly taking these 40 days into account and kind of growing and I'll guess I'll include what I'm doing as well. But I'm also I want to grow more intimate with their lord and preparation for his resurrection. I want to spend more time in prayer spend more time in adoration whether that means a holy hour or going to mass that day sliding into the DM. But also taking care of time right? So I'm I want to be very conscious about time more. So in regards to balancing it out with with Ministry and with family and with friends and kind of re re-centering that time because sometimes it can get very scattered. You know, where you spend your time in some the if the balance is off then then you get hurt people get hurt and I just want to make sure that my life is well balanced and at the same time. You know take care of my body. I feel like you know, it shouldn't take this motivation in order to become a healthier person, you know, and I don't want it to be you know spiritual dieting. I wanted to actually be fasting and and sacrifice but I'm taking these few days or these next 40 days to kind of really look at what I'm putting into my body, you know, God wants us to be healthy mind body and soul. And so I really want to make sure I take care of the temple that he graced us with, you know. So so yeah, that's I guess that's what I'm doing for Lent this this season. Thank you for asking series. Of course. I was just curious. I'll pray for you guys and I wish you the best of luck with your went to promises and everything. Yes. Thank you so much res we're praying for you or praying for Ryan out there and we hope you have an amazing Lenten season. Yeah. Amen. I'll talk to you later trees. It by you by miss you guys YouTube by and now we're calling Jenny Rose. Delete look for me. I think run isn't just about fasting. I don't think we could not understand it to the dying of ourselves to make room for Christ. But I think in reality rent is really just about you know, traveling with our Lord in his suffering and realizing that everything that he's done for us during Lent his sacrifices. He traveled to the cause. It was made for us. And so even though we talk about suffering and you know, the giving are like dying of ourself. I think the main point of Lent is to recognize God's love for us. I think the only no that's great. I think oftentimes we forget that we forget that it all comes back to God's love like we met Clint complicated. I think Catholics make like complicated got to be honest. I think sometimes we get caught up in everything we're doing and saying in trying to change about Allies that we forget that his love has never left us. Yeah, exactly. And so that's why it's like I get that, you know, we talk about our sacrifices. What is it that we're giving up but all of this is just remember that God's mm-hmm. Amen sister. And if you if you don't mind sharing what is something that you've given up or something that you're doing for Lent? Okay, so I think during Lent really it's just about looking at some of my vices and recognizing that and trying to give a lot of it up for meeting at one of my vices is spending. I love to spend on food and I love to spend on clothes and I realized that you know, it isn't necessary. And so when I think about when I'm To purchase something or what? I'm about to buy a certain item, whether it's clothing to our food. I kind of think about those who are less fortunate and how they're able to live without so why am I not able to move it out? And so I've been trying to keep a promise to myself to spend less than $100 a week. I don't even think I told him it is but I'm trying not to spend like more than a hundred because I realize I don't need more than that. Dude, that's right. You get that makes yeah, and so and also just kind of like improving my health care taking care of things that I've been putting off because I sometimes it can be a slacker and during this time. It's really just to take care of the things that we need that needs to be taken care of you. Thank you. Thank you for sharing with us. And now of course. Thank you. All right. You're welcome. All right. We'll see you later. Thank you. Bye so. we have shaylene Seger shabaab a so here Sager Allen Lens to me is saying yes to Jesus and walking with him in the desert and also just I'd say in summary also just refining and purifying my heart and allowing whatever God wants me to experience during this time in the desert to be United with him so that I can understand Kai's heart more. So in summary uniting whatever sufferings whatever. Whatever experiences I have more intimately with Christ. And we're dependently on him. That's what I'd say lent. The season of Lent is to need to get the season of growth. We know refinements and purifying the heart of that. So we also have if you'd if you don't mind answering this question, what is something that you've either given up for Lent or Lenten promise you made or added on in order to grow in your relationship with Christ? It's funny you ask because this is this is my New Year's resolution tools to help me actually with my resolutions and I failed miserably so this is my attempt to try again. Okay, it's not give up on it. But what if yes what I gave up for a length of this year is the snooze button the snooze button, okay. And the reason being is because I really want to discipline myself more in being a morning person and waking up but really offering my morning to Jesus and giving myself that time to either read black go to daily mass and also just you know not have that comfort of falling back to sleep. No like and so take a lot of discipline. It's easy for some people but struggle for me. So I I really like the first alarm. I'm trying to train myself to wake up and then just start my day off with Cycles deep reflection with god. Oh, that's right. I respect it. Well, thank you so much for coming on the podcast again and for sharing that that's amazing. Thank you so much. No problem guys. Thank you for having me. We appreciate you. We appreciate you a lot. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for being on and we'll see you soon. I'm sure praying for you both praying for you as well praying for you friend. God bless Shay. Dude. This is really really cool having all these guests back on the podcast. And just their Insight on lint and yeah, it's also I feel like okay Loki. I feel like this is The Catholic version of The Avengers like I'm not even a Marvel person. I'm not even a superhero movie person but like hearing all these people speak. It's like yo, this is Avengers Assemble or something. I don't know. What do they say? That's exactly what the Avengers Assemble this is tight was cool. Next we have Anna Brown. Is a time of reflection it's a time of is actually one of the period of the Year where it requires at least on my part like lots of prayer. In fact, it's so crazy because hearing one of my serger Derek is he said that this is one of the times where the even want to talk with the most even when we don't feel it and so today for some reason today for some reason because tonight's Cordell. I don't know why but Like I don't want to go to Carbondale. Like I'm not feeling that I'm not selling it and then it's crazy because my goddaughter then resell. She's like Donna you guys know her she's like, oh, are you going to come down? I'm like, I'm like, I'm like real straight up with her. I told her I know like I'm kind of lazy cuz I'm gonna catch up with sleep, but then mobilize do I really want to go like it's just finding the motivation to do the things that will lead me closer to Christ. Like it's crazy how they even wanted to try to brainwash me. So Len is sort of like a time of just be prayers. So II you know, it's funny and you know, I'm actually going to be on my way soon. But yeah, it's crazy how the evil one works during this time. So yeah, that's such it's such a beautiful inside because I it's funny enough. I had the same thoughts as far as Quorum Deo earlier today and yesterday when I was like, you know what like I'm not feeling it like I don't really know and you're so right. It's so Sinister the way the evil one work. Sometimes we don't even realize it was like, why where is this desire not To go coming from right, right? Yeah. Yeah and mine is this out of laziness and tiredness, but at me I'm like low-key. I'm like wide by you look like I'm usually like pumped up. But yeah, it matters. I respect that. I respect that so and so yeah, thank you so much for sharing that so their second question is is that anything that you'd be open to sharing? What is there anything that you're specifically giving up or adding on during this Lenten season? Yeah, sure. So there's something there's something about in fact, this is like the first time that I'm actually trying to give up something. So one of the things that I found Levi was at least something that I love doing is when I crave something like let's say in the middle of the night. I crave McDonald's I will do everything in my power to go to McDonald's. I don't care if they're close. I will sit and put a McDonald's till I get my money. Yeah. It's a determination or who wants to go. Let's go. What I started doing was like it let's say if I crave like in and out which is something that I've been craving some odd reason I would go buy it but then what would happen is I would give it away to somebody and said, yeah and so like today it was so crazy. I was like craving Boba and then I was like, nope, don't you dare think about it? I was so close to go getting both of them, but I didn't get away. Yeah, try doing so cool. Thank you. Anna. I got the car when I said I'm dying like over and over we know where I'd like one or two or five in is there is it really a common Anna Brown if she doesn't say I'm freaking dead. I'm dead. Yeah, but no, thanks. Yeah. God glory. Yeah, of course. No, thank you. We appreciate you. Appreciate you being on great. Thank God keep on going. Y'all are doing great. Great work praying for you guys even after her. Thanks, and we're coming for you, too, and we'll hope to see you soon. All right. We'll see you soon. Bye bye. She's great dude. It was awesome. Oh my gosh, love and her energy like a freaking dead. Well, I love her. So now we're going to call Katie Sullivan went to me is a time of restarting my face. I feel like if it's not very start I guess. On the past year like from went to lead and see where I struggled in that promise that I made last would or that we essentially recommit ourselves to every lead believing in our Lord and that he died for our sins. Yeah. So to me the point of letting us to reflect to refresh and to continue My journey closer to our Lord. I dig it if you're okay with sharing would is there anything that you gave up or maybe are adding on to your to your life in order to grow closer to our Lord this Lenten season? yes, so to grow closer to Christ this one eye. I am stopping from meat which is one thing where I have failed in the past, but all 40 days. Yep, all of the days in that way. Every time I let's say like want me Earl hickeys. You're just like eat something. That's me just to reflect back to our Lord and spend that time in prayer and said of that time of Temptation and wanting it's a simple thing like meat but it's that whole like content can patients like Ben's turn back to our Lord and then along with that doing daily with him Reflections that our Parish has in this thing they called Little black book and they passed about it bathrooms. Its Assets in thing or not. We do have it as a food too. I don't think do you have it on yet if they do? I don't know about it. So yeah, I'm doing that every day as well which is had to have been some really great time to reflect and pray as well. So any more time in prayer and I do I do gonna is not just fasting from me to be like, oh, yeah. I'm not eating me, but it's like the Times when you would want me or crave me or desire to have it that you're spending time in prayer because I told my teens this this past week and we kind of said something similar to earlier on the podcast was fasting without prayer is just dieting. Yeah, exactly. And so like it necessary method necessitates prayer in necessitates more than just going without. It's like if you're going without what are you feeling yourself with them? Yeah, so we actually have something I prefer about that yesterday. He was like, oh like I'm going to give this up like it and shape or like blah blah blah and I was like Well, Jack every time like you want that or you find yourself in that situation. That's when you should be praying. You should be coming back to God. He was like that's actually a really good idea. Well as if I had come up with it. Well, you should tell that to the pope or something. Yeah. It's so funny boy. Yeah, that's dope dope. Well, thank you so much Katie. Okay. Bye guys. Guys, have a good night. My friend. So next we have the row David you mean David row, you're right. Sorry. So that means to me. What does that mean? Well, I really do think let is a period of time where you really get to hone in on what really is important to us in our face, right and the sacrifice that Jesus had made in his journey through the desert we go through our journey through the desert and we you know, we Take away some of the distraction that would take us away from what really is important. And so I think that why we are called to have that vented sacrifice or maybe in Lenten promise for us to do something that would concentrate on what's important for take away things that would distract us from what is important. So I think for me lent, is that right that period of time where we we take time in the reflection get rid of Has some of the things that distract us or maybe do things that would allow us to concentrate on one's important and so for me, that's what lens all about just being walking alongside with Jesus in the desert. Hey, man, I love that. I love that image of walking alongside Jesus in the desert. Yeah. Yeah and speaking of the things that were either giving up or things that we may be adding on. Is there anything that you would be open to share that that you're doing this Lent in order to grow closer to our Lord? Yeah. Sure. One thing that I always do in addition to whatever I try to do each year, but every year I always refrain from listening to music or anything in the car when I'm driving so I drive and some intentional. Silence intentional silence or just you know that the ambient noise kick around so it's amazing to see you know, when you turn off the music in the car or whatever it is how much you could hear what's around you the engine, even when you roll the rims out what those down you can hear like Sirens If police car buyer opulences is for firefighter or fire trucker m is as you can see it from like way way way far in the distance and it's even funny and when you roll down the windows, did you hear? Conversation that people having a car either their phone or like people talking like I'm like, not really he's dropping by can really hear you guys talk. So it's that's kind of a side note, but it's really cool just to drive in silence and your mind your thoughts will kind of take form and your mind will go wherever your mind goes so sometimes I'll The random thoughts was just entering through my mind or whatever is on it is on my mind. You work it out and look at through. So yeah, I always I always do that for lunch time this season this Lenten season. I'm going to really try to take the best care of myself. So I'm taking a little bit more of an active consistent workout regimen. So whether it's going to the gym or going for a run doing something at least three times a week. Take care of myself. Take care of my body. Amen. That's awesome. Dude. Yeah. Well, thank you for sharing. Thank you for being on the second episode. You've been on his podcast. All right, dude. We'll catch you later then. Thank you so much. I will catch you later. All right, take care of Peace by that was Super Rad. I love the image. I painted of like walking on Jesus. Yes. He says it's amazing to me that we're first of all that we're getting to hear almost all of our guests. From prior and and this time we're not asking them before we're catching them on the spot and it's just a testament to who they are. You know that who they are as people it's not just no on this episode. They were this person like know they are holy people in their lives period it's amazing what they're and how everyone's answers are are different but they're also kind of similar to each other. I mean, it's the same same message of what lent is and it's amazing how it brings it brings us back to Christ. Amen. All of it is meant to bring us back to Christ exactly. So now We're going to call Chelsea Ocampo. For me and what is even for growth? It's actually one of my favorite liturgical Seasons because I come to terms with being that either I want to do more in the past that so now there are things that obviously I want to give up but I recognize that in the areas where I do need more consistency and just more faith. This is a time where I really get to reflect on how I can go about That and how to love others in a way that reflects Christ's love for me. I love that. I love that too. We we've talked to a few a few guests, but I don't think anyone is brought up the concept of loving others intentionally in the way that Christ has loved us. Thank you Charles. Yeah. So the second question is actually if you're if you're open to sharing what is something that you're either giving up for adding onto your life in order to grow closer to our Lord this season for me. It's at a recent times Mmm Yeah. I realize that in the past. I would always make excuses for me in terms of having that alone time with price whenever I felt like I needed him but more so I'm really trying to incorporate at least one time maybe like four times throughout the week to really be in front of our Lord and to just be completely raw and open and just We see my hand because it's very common for me to kind of want that in my relationship currently. So I think it's another thing to really do that in front of our Lord and such a beautiful intimate way. Awesome. That's amazing. I think there's something really special special about being vulnerable in front of Christ. I was actually in adoration last night and I just I don't know there's something about being in front of Christ where it makes me feel like I can just break down in front of him and it's okay. And it's okay. He's like it's immediate like I know it's okay to break like sometimes when you break down front of like maybe friends or like people even people that you're like really close to it's hard for me sometimes Brothers. I know exactly what you mean that there's when you're in front of our Lord like somebody just that just loves you more than you can even comprehend. Yeah that it's just feels so comfortable breaking down front of him, and he just like wraps you in his arms and like even if you maybe you're not at the When we like okay like it's going to be okay, you know that being in Christ's presence. That's what makes it gonna be. Okay, like it's not about everything in life is going to be figured out everything that's going wrong is going to be suddenly made right? But City and Christ's presence. That's what makes things. Okay. Amen. Yeah. It's a completely different story because I think for me Even yeah just like would have said even with people that I'm close to you. Yeah, I can I can be myself and I can reveal things to a certain degree. But at the end of the day, I still recognize that. You know, they still don't know me fully and that's okay, right but to be in Union with our Lord in the in such a beautiful way where someone knows you through and through it's a completely different way of Really practicing one vulnerability and I really want to incorporate that at least for the season the stove. Yeah. All right, dude, will you so much for talking to us and fan stirring and look at these like profound and answers while she's driving amazing. I am driving y'all anytime guys. Thank you Charles now. We appreciate you. Thank you. Alright you later drive safe. All right. God bless. Bye. So that's all of our callers guys and we are just so Overjoyed to hear from our previous guests. If you didn't hear, you know, a specific guessed that that was on our podcast. We tried calling everyone but you know, we understand that this was kind of spontaneous. So some of them weren't able to answer but we can't wait to continue doing this maybe in the future and getting them back on in this way in a later episode. Just a share. I think what's really cool is that they have such Wisdom and knowledge about our faith and they are such faithful people. Holy people who are striving for Holiness in their daily lives and to have them on the podcast again to continue to share that is such a blessing like Ayo, I really meant what I said earlier like it's like the holy Avengers like these are the Saints that will like these are the people that I really believe will be our future Saints like they are just doing such great things in their lives and with their own face Journeys. That they are just doing everything within the power within their own will to follow Christ and bring others along with them most definitely so even though it was just Kevin and out of this week. We had many guests this week. We had many guests this week. So we did have a Q&A on our insta and we actually answered most of the questions throughout our guests calls, but we're going to actually answer two of the questions that maybe weren't answer so specifically one of the questions is What are some things I can do to further develop my relationship with God? What are some things you can do in order to further develop your relationship with God? I feel I feel like to we may have answered this through some of the Pete things that through listening to the some of the things that our guests might be doing, you know, and in regards to what they're doing during this Lenten season, either giving something up or putting or adding something into their lives. However, I think that in order to grow better in a relationship with God is is thinking of it in a way as if you were Almost cording or dating God, you know if you're recording or in a relationship, how would you go closer to that person, you know spend more time with them communicate with them sacrifice for them, you know, and I promise you if you do that and you take those aspects and you transfer and you put them towards going closer to our Lord and growing, you know, growing an intimacy with him. Then I feel like you will be on the right track. So for example spending time going to mass, you know going to adoration. May be speaking with him through scripture, you know having Lords speak to you maybe an adoration. There are many different things that you could do during the season on a do you have any any things out? No, I completely agree with that and I love that image. It's like when you're interested in someone you want to be texting them you want to be talking to them you're thinking about them every moment of the day and so how is that with your relationship with Christ? Are you thinking of Christ throughout your day? Because you better know he is of you. Yeah, like how Wild is that that we have a God that It loves us so much. We never leave his mind exactly we never leave his thoughts were always in his heart. And so think about that like are you is he always in your heart? Are you always thinking of him? Are you are you just leaving him on red shoutout to reassess that metal more? Yes for real though. I think it's about it's about prayer and we have such wonderful opportunities to grow closer to our Lord in our Catholic faith, whether that be praying the rosary spending time in adoration. There are so many devotions and this isn't to say hey go do all of them right now. That's actually probably not the best idea aim to grow in your relationship with Christ start with what's realistic for you. Say you're struggling with your prayer life set aside set aside start off five minutes a day set an alarm, you know consistency repetition, like maybe just dedicating some part of the day. Maybe it's three a.m. Maybe it's not 3 a.m. - 3 p.m. Maybe it's 9 p.m. You know. No, I know 9 p.m. Most a lot of Youth in the Diocese of San Jose. Say the Our Father. Yeah, because father Joakim started that at the Diocesan retreat but but dedicating a certain amount of time just to focus on your relationship with God and it just can go it can be amazing. You know, if for in the long run, yeah, I would just encourage you to dive into that relationship just like you would dive into any relationship in your life like make it a priority don't they don't it shouldn't be an afterthought? Exactly relationship with Christ should be a priority and if it's not strive for that you always have another day another moment to start anew. And so you know, what? No, you don't have tomorrow you have right now. So start a new right now dedicate a relationship to Christ it Mama truly truly can change your life. So we have one more question that I don't think was fully answered during during our guest calls. Why? Why do we have a Lenten Penance? Why do we have a luncheon pennant? So why do we why do we either give up something or add something honor? Amen? So like have mentioned earlier there are three kind of pillars of Lent fasting almsgiving and prayer and so fasting is the giving up of something almsgiving is to taking on a something doing something and prayer is obviously prayer spending time with our Lord in some capacity and I think The wise as actually a lot of our guests colors mention is that the Y is to always bring us back to Christ. It kind of goes hand-in-hand with our question before building a relationship with Christ and how you do that everything that you do in Lent. The reason we have Linton penances is because they're supposed to bring us closer to Christ if they're just about ourselves that just about what we do and as a challenge that is this resolution exactly. It's just something that you're doing, you know, if there's no if Christ is in the Of it. The reason for me that we have we have a Penance or something to do some sort of sacrifice during Lent is to also kind of empty ourselves and humble ourselves, you know more of him Alyssa me, you know in order to for our Lord to increase we must decrease, you know, and being able to sacrifice something. However hard it may be whether that's sacrificing your time your talent or your treasure. That it it's in order to be in line with the sacrifice and the suffering that Christ, you know endured for us, right and as Catholics were we're not called to give from our Surplus, but from our need right and so in brother, it's easy for someone to just you know for a very wealthy person to donate, you know to charity and that mean that's amazing that there's nothing short for that but it says so lot more when somebody has two or five dollars. And their bank account and they give it to somebody that needs it more than them. No. I think I think that's a wonderful thing to it's all about bringing us back to Christ. And as maybe we've said that a million times on that on this episode, but that's truly what it's about. It's about coming back to Christ time and again, and I love I love being Catholic. I love that we have this season with the entire reason for this season is to die, too. Self in order to rise with Christ Emma in order to grow closer to him. Yeah, like how cool is it that we have this whole season where it's like hey, yo you right now just build your relationship with Christ. That's your goal. That's your goal this Lenten season, and yes with every go like maybe kev's gonna accomplish a different way that I accomplished it, but that's the rad part about it. Your lent doesn't have to look like someone else has lent if you're building a relationship with Christ if you are growing closer to him, that's what matters. So, thank you. Thank you. To our callers for our previous guest thank you to those who submitted questions Italy Italy Brad to do something like this in the future. Yes. Definitely. Thank you guys so much for joining us for our Lenten episode of modern-day disciples. Just wrapping up. We know that you know this know that we're praying for you and that we're all going through this season together as you heard and has on a said with every with all the guests. We all had different answers and different things that they are either given being up or adding on to their spiritual life, but it just proves that everyone's journey is different. But our goal is the same, you know to to grow closer to the heart of Christ. And so we wish you the best in this Lenten season and know that we're praying for you know that we're praying for you continue to pray for each other. We're not meant to do this alone at all and we can't wait for for Easter to come. Amen Amen brother. So we do not have a listener testimony this week. But if you would like to submit a testimony to be read on the podcast sometime in the future you can do so at the link in our bio on Instagram if you want to share with God's doing in your heart and your life, we would love to share that story with our listeners share that Glory story and just share how God is being shared in this world. Amen. Amen. Thank you for tuning in to our podcast. This has been modern-day disciples, make sure to like And subscribe. You can follow us on Instagram at MDD podcast. You can also follow us on Twitter at MDD pod. Happy Sunday and get your booty to the church. Bye. It's just us. All right. Love you guys. See you. Bye.