Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold. So let's begin. I'd like to start some quick meditation. I'd like you. To get comfy and take my position you like. It's only natural if you start to get a little itchy. It happens all the time. Don't force yourself to try to be tired Just let it naturally occur and allow yourself. to be truly comfortable and now I want you to take a deep breath in through the nose. And out through the nose. And then through the nose. And out to the mouse. One more time in through the nose. and after the mouse good now close your eyes slowly and see all the beautiful colored speckled dots behind your eyelids. Imagine their meaning let your imagination run wild maybe turn them into shapes people places things. Then begin to imagine yourself at a specific Place tonight's place. Will be a beach beautiful. And almost underappreciated listen to the waves. Can you hear them? Can you hear the waves? What kind of beach in you at? Sonny specific Ocean or the Atlantic looking out to the Horizon watching the Sundance on the waves or perhaps looking to the sky and at the moon today. I imagine myself at the Pacific Ocean. Nice touch you bring out your umbrella as it begins. That's a light rain. patters on your umbrella lightly pattern And then send line. The rain becomes heavier. becoming sheets on your umbrella Landing in the water and then as it goes shooting down on you you are at peace. Slowly breathing in through the nose and out through the mouth. letting each dropper father a percent problem your life. I'm watching it sink into the ocean and sunrise. Thunder the storm continued you finally decide. The storm is so big you need shelter. So you pitch your tent and the rain like that. until finally it's back to a trickle. Another breath in through the nose and out through the mouth. indigent And out through the mouth. once more into the nose and up for the map. Allah your mind to wander like the waves of the ocean Wander and then bring yourself back to the breath. Perhaps counting it breaths my health. Like so into the nose one out of mouth to into the notes. And out for me. Keep doing that until you hit 1010 baths. and feel yourself sink even deeper and to the sound of the ocean. As you feel the warm water and seaweed charcoal amongst your feet. finally the rain stops And you begin to descend even deeper into the ocean? Suddenly ending up in the breathable underwater the sounds of the Waves subside. Can you begin to hear? the sounds of the creatures around you And after some time underneath the water such a peaceful place. You begin to slowly raise back up back. onto the shore and the night begins it begins to become cold because the wind there is a palm tree. and so you start a bonfire. breathing breathe a lox watch the fire and drink with the wind notice the colors blue orange red and yellow sparking perfectly on the beach. perhaps you are on a walk or an attendant rest your marshmallows. Allow your mind to wander not afraid to break meditation. for the big concentration meditation is an art form. It requires practice much like a sport or music. or simply learning another language allow your mind to wander. But we always remember to bring it back to the past. And breathe in through the nose. And out through the mouth if it helps you make out your breath as I have already instructed. As you feel yourself falling even deeper. And to comfort feeling more and more relaxed with each breath as you listen to the soft sounds of the world around us. and if the Night comes to a quick clothes this podcast takes you out of meditation a bit early tonight. And thanks you. listening to the first ever Sleepytime podcast with rose gold, please tune in tomorrow for the full version. And good night.