What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I guess for now I'm just going to stick with this. But if you are listening through like a speaker on your laptop or whatever you're listening. This through like your phone or something. It'll probably sound a little imbalance like on the left side. But I hope you guys enjoy and let's get this started. What's going on guys? Welcome to my very first episode of my podcast and yeah, thanks for tuning in. My name is Lauren Bond on let's get right to it. So pretty much why I'm doing this is because my girlfriend had got me this starter kit for a studio and I been wanting to build a studio in my guest room at my house, but I don't have all the equipment. So I'm just going to utilize this equipment to make podcasts because it's the most simple thing that I could do with the current. I meant that I have so yeah pretty much in this podcast episode. I'm just going to give you guys a little introduction of about myself and I mostly go going to talk about the future episodes and like what's going to happen what's going to go down and the type of schedule I might work around it depends, but sorry if this is a very wordy and like I pause a lot or like, you know, I stutter or anything like that. I'm trying to do this all in one go. go because I'm not trying to have like a super edited podcast where I pause and then think about what I say, I want this to be very like flow like so like whatever comes to my mind comes right straight to the mic and it's more genuine and authentic that way and I rather have that then something that's not really true and what comes to mind because you know, I know some people have filters and stuff like that, but I just want to be completely on hundred percent with what I'm talking about and all that so Let's get right to it the about me. I was born in Guam and I've only lived there since 1998 to 2004 after I moved that a Guam. I went to Union City, California. It's pretty much in the Bay Area. It's a small little town. I only lived there for one school year and then after that I actually moved to hear Las Vegas, Nevada and now I'm obviously I'm going to live here for a while. And I actually plan on moving out of the state eventually after like I'm done with school and all that kind of stuff. I would give you guys a little more information about myself, but I'm just going to keep it right there because I really don't feel like talking about all that information flow of information. Pretty much. I'm going to go more into detail and like when the other podcast episodes happen, so the way these other episodes are going to happen is if I ever do a solo episode that's going to be quite short probably like at least five to ten minutes. Because I don't want to be talking to myself for that very long. And let's say I have a guest like even acquaintances or strangers were like a friend and stuff like that. It's probably gonna at least be like probably 15 minutes to 30 minutes. That's what I hope for it to be because it's very interesting to hear other people's perspectives and you know, you trying to understand where they're coming from and stuff like that. And it seems like a very fun thing to do. A lot of my friends are completely down with this. I already talked to him about it and how I was making this. But that's how that's gonna go for the schedule. I'm gonna try to do this by weekly. If not monthly because I really want to start using this mic a lot. So hopefully I can get my friends or like find a topic to talk about every two weeks or a month or so. I am definitely open to suggestions. I know that I'm not like Up there on like, you know, not famous or anything like that, but feel free to suggest some things to me on social media, you know, or text me if you have my number my social media is just my name. Ellie are vyn. And that would be probably the best be the best way to you know, keep this thing going. Um, what else? I think I pretty much covered everything so far. If you are listening to this right now, feel free to hit me up if you want to do an episode soon. I might do a collaboration with my good friend Megan soon because she has her own little podcast stream. I believe it's called damn. I forgot what it was called. It's definitely on Spotify. You know, it's pretty much the whole basis is that she gives like positive advice, you know motivation and stuff like that. I think it's called self development. With Verona, so if you do search up on Spotify if you have Spotify such a Verona is should be the first one if I'm not mistaken. It was should show a picture of her on the beach. I believe go ahead and check her out. You know, if you catch yourself cleaning doing chores and stuff like that. It's a good time to listen to a podcast because I know like doing chores can get really boring and miserable and stuff like that. So definitely go ahead and check her out if you need Um advisor like self-motivation confident encouragement shit like that. Go ahead and check her out. She will definitely I guess start off your day in a good way or end your day in a good way depending on the time you obviously listen to it, but go ahead and check her out. Hopefully, I'll be doing a collab with her. But for now, I'm just going to keep trying to you know, do as many as I can with the schedule that I'm going to try to work around with. And I guess that's pretty much it. So thanks for tuning in again, and I'll see you guys on the next episode Peace.