Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to getStarted let's get in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the second episode I put a topic out on my Twitter if you don't know where it is, it is everything nyg on Twitter. I had a poll and what you guys wanted to hear the most was free agency in a little Deep dive. So what I decided to do with that did the best players that I think are available at our most important needs. So this one's just going to be me and I'm going to start out by just talking about the Giants cap space situation. So right now the number six in the league and they have 73 million dollars and they cleared 14 million by cutting old tree and Martin. So that's their new Total wild just around the NFL Edge a boy just got Twitter traded to the Broncos well, but that is their current situation or numbers. Six in the league at 73 million which is a stupid amount of money problem is we have get all dick and he likes to pay old players instead of young ones that can actually help the team. So I'm a little bit nervous man. I said this months ago. I'm really nervous about the giant situation having this much money and having these great players available will we actually go get them or will we even try to get them? I don't know it's going to really depend on what judge had says. It has a pole because Gelman alone is not going to do it. He won't go spend a hundred million dollars. Tracked on a player. I just I can't see it happening. I know what happened with Odell Beckham, but he did that to trade them ultimately looking back. So with gettleman, I don't know man, but that's where we all were number 6 in the league and the Dolphins are number one obviously, and we're at 73 there at 88. So we're not far off and so let's get into it. So to me the biggest position of Need For Us hands down a hundred and ten percent is defensive end its Edge rusher. We need it bad and obviously the most important guy in the biggest name in the end. The best guy in free agency is going to be a nickname got go away from the Jaguars. Now, he's only 24 years old. He's storing up a lot of noise on Twitter. Just just yesterday he ended up going on there and he said that he has no interest in staying there. He has no interest in a long term. So it's clear that he doesn't want to be there. Now if they do end up getting the franchise tag, it's possible that he ends up pulling a levy on bail. I don't really know what he'll do there and we'll have to see but 24 years old man in 2017. He recorded his best year when the Jaguars had their best year. There's number one defense in the NFL you 12 and a half sacks six forced fumbles. And like I said that was a part of the best defense in the NFL and in his four years out of Maryland with the Jaguars. Yes, 37 and a half sacks nine pass deflections 14 forced fumbles and two picks. So he's been excellent. He's been very good constantly stirring up issues constantly in the quarterbacks faces pressure numbers are insane and he's going to be the big boy. So for me, that is the biggest go get guy if he becomes available now, A lot of people are talking to that we can do a swap with the Jaguars where they tagged him and he obviously doesn't want to be there we can move back to nine with the Jaguars. They take our fourth and we get Yannick in my opinion. That's not enough. I wouldn't like that deal for us very much. I don't dislike it. But I think we need more I would need an extra third maybe or two fours something like that. But that's the enigmatic Aquaman is the number one and then you obviously have to divvy and Clowny. He's 26 years old and his six years in the NFL. He was the number one Prospect. He's a number one graded. All times through 24/7 Rivals and is in a six years. He was with the Titans and then he was just tightens. Excuse me with the Texans and he was recently with the Seahawks and the only has thirty two sec's so keep in mind that's in six years. He has 32 and for unicast 37 and 1/2. So that's something to consider but the injury issue with him has been really bad and my biggest thing which a Debian is obviously don't get me wrong. I'm gonna get this archived. I would love to have them but if you turn on the tape man, he's a one-trick pony he disappears from Games all the time, especially against really good competition. He won't do anything and he's never there when you really need him. So I think being coached up correctly. He would be a great acquisition and I think he would be huge for us. But as a whole he's not my number one guy, I'd say Yannick is he'd be number 3, but my my guy that's a sleeper that nobody's talking about and I don't know. Why is the guy that lit up the combine lit up the draft a few years ago with the golden rhinestone shoes. I know you remember who I'm talking about now Dante. Fowler another one with the Jaguars they had Fowler they had eunuch on the same team. He's only 25. So he's a year older than jannik and he just he keeps being left out man this last year. He's been with the Rams and he had 11 a half sacks season. So he really really put it together. That was his first season over five sacks, but he did it with 11 and a half and that was with the team. That was really weird this year. This this Rams team was not good and he went in there and he did them thing man, eleven and a half sacks. It's pretty impressive. So, you know through like I said three years under five sacks. So that's a problem. The the production is a problem. But his attitude is cleaned up a lot. He went into the draft. He was really egotistical. Like I said, I mean the rhinestones he was making a big statement. He was very egotistical coming to the draft and he cleaned it up from what I've seen. I mean I've heard of I've heard him talk a few times recently and everything involving him sounds a lot better. So I'm interested to see kind of how he approaches fridge and see what his agent and him as a person but He's been a lot more quiet on social media Yannick is the guy that I'm a little concerned about reminds me of Odell Beckham a little bit right now, but he is obviously the top got to grab a defensive end and maybe just in general. I don't know that's up to you guys. But for me, it's Dante Fowler organic and got go if I can grab a defensive end. So on that on that front man, you know, we have that much money we have but we have we can definitely Splurge there and then we have enough to bounce around and I think the number two biggest need on this team and people are going to knock. Give me for it. I put it over a line is going to be defensive back Byron Jones man. He's the number one corner in free agency 27 years old. I'm gonna be honest with you guys. He's not my top Target. I don't think he's worth the money and I don't think he's going to be worth the money in 2019 alone. He had not a great year man. He's always been rated really well, but he really didn't do too great in 2019. He didn't perform in his contract year and he's not really a ball Hawk. You know, he Is a free safety and it got moved to corner and ever since he made that move. He has been top rated through Pro Football Focus. But like I said, I credit a lot of that to coaching. I don't know if you want to call that, you know, whatever but that's my opinion. I think they coached him up really well and I think he should have been a corner out of the draft but as a whole he's not going to be worth what he's about to get paid, you know, 80 million plan. I don't see that with him and just don't especially at 27 years old. I mean, I know that doesn't sound old, but it cornerback, you know, once you hit your 30s you're starting to be considered old I guess you Could say so for me. I'm not I'm not big on him man. I'd rather get my next two guys named to keep an eye on his James Bradbury. He's 26 years old from the Panthers. He was there during get Dave gentleman's time. He's not a lockdown not at all. He never has been his technique if you flip on the tape is amazing really good technique and he always have I mean this year he will end his career alone. He's 12 and pass breakups since 2016 and he has eight career interceptions. He's one of those guys that's going to come downhill and tackle for you like Richard Sherman. Not going to just sit and coverage very good player man. Keep an eye on him. I don't know what he's going to get paid but he's a very good player very slept on player. So I would definitely keep an eye on him and I can see us being linked to him, especially with the Dave gentleman Roots, you know, so keep an eye on James Bradbury for sure, but my top Target a defensive back and top three and four agency as a whole is a guy that again nobody's talking about and I don't know why his name hasn't come up, but it really hasn't. And that's Mike Hilton from the Steelers. It's a slot cornerback and last year the highest paid slot cornerback. Once in the Broncos and Callahan and that was a four year 36 million dollar contract expect him to want about the same. Now the league money it fluctuates every year. They always want more money. So I'd say about the say maybe four years 40. So about 10 million a year for him. It's worth it man, very worth it. He's exactly in my opinion what Joe judges saying he wants why I like Isaiah 7 so much is because he wants some That can change game in and game out and be Swiss Army knives. That's exactly what he is. He's had six and a half sacks in three seasons as well as a hundred and eighty six tackles in his career there and 11 past breaks pass breakups in 2019. So you have to look at it like that. I mean he plays corner and he plays slot but you can throw him at safety. If you need to you can keep in the corner you can put him at corner to you can put it back. It's a few put them strongly really doesn't matter where you play a guy like this and he's only 25. He's the youngest of my targets and free agency for corner and I a thousand percent believe that he is going to get paid and I think it should be by us. I don't see why not. I don't think the Steelers are going to try to retain him. He's been great since he entered the league and like I said, if I if I'm Joe judge and I really mean what I say about wanting players that can change game in and game out. This dude is one of them a thousand percent Mike Hilton Steelers slot Corner keep an eye on them. And the number three biggest need for me and I say this for a lot of reasons, but it's a third. Guest is going to be offensive line. And and this guy is everybody's top Target. He's going to get an insane amount of money. They're not going to build a franchise tag them. They got to worry about Ryan Tannehill. They got to worry about Derrick Henry Jack Conklin. This was a guy that I really wanted on a team believe it or not. I actually knew his dad pretty well out of Michigan State and I talked to him a lot going into the draft process and I just I had a feeling with this guy and I think a lot of people did but as a hold it not every player can come in and be an All-Pro as a rookie and there was something special about this guy and we continued to miss on offensive lineman over and over and over again with Jerry reefs. And he was one of them Jack Coughlin was sitting there. I remember so Conklin is is the and it's kind of give or take I think some people are going to be you know, undecided between jannik and Conklin but Conklin is probably the top free agent acquisition that we need to get. He's a right tackle. We don't have a right tackle and in three or four Since he's allowed fewer than three sacks and he goes against Hefty competition. So that's in three years. He's allowed a sack of year if that think that over and think about the competition he faces in Tennessee. That's amazing. That's really really amazing. And then you got to look at Derek Henry and his emergence over the last two years. If you look at the Tennessee Titans game Flow, they like to run to the right a lot and I can tell you why they do that Jack Conklin. He's incredible past protector. Edible run protector. He's very very good. He's going to get a lot of money. I mean he's going to be upwards of 85 90 million plus just like another guy that's on my list, but I'm telling you right now, Jack Conklin is the top top need and he is going to be a competitive by and only 25 years old incredibly young. I mean lineman you see going to 3534 roughly he is going to be on a lot of guys radar and I think giant should be number 1. I mean, you know hog Molly this whole situation with Dave gentlemen, I don't really Your standard anymore, but that's his thing. And that's Jack Conklin. So if we're not even interested in him, I could tell you Dave get all dick is doing exactly what I expect him to do and he'll stop looking at the top guys and you'll go and try to find him in the fifth round and we can't do that. You can't do that this year and I'm talking a lot on Jack Conklin because he deserves it. This dude is going to be the top free agent acquisition for a lot of teams to look at but then you got Brandon scherff the offensive guard the Right Guard at 28 years old. We wanted him in 2016. I don't know if you guys Guys, remember the Eli Apple situation. We really everyone was saying I mean sure if you've been said he thought he was going to the Giants who's ready to go to the Giants and the Redskins stolen from us and look what happened. Three years three Pro bowls in four years just like that. He's been incredible absolutely incredible. He's only allowed two and a half sacks into since 2018 at guard but we do need to tackle more than a guard. So Jack Conklin for me if I had to pick between the two I'm taking Conklin, but Sheriff apparently they're going to franchise tag him the franchise. Exaggeration is rough man, because there's so many players that don't even get a chance to explore free agency because they're getting tagged. It's literally like tag, you're it slap it on you and you can't do anything unless it out. You know what I mean? And then you got guys like Le'Veon Bell to pave the way for the idiocy, but I don't know man. That's a one year 15 million dollar deal. I just can't see Rivera letting him walk. So don't be surprised if parent Brandon Sheriff stays with the Redskins for another season under the franchise tag. So keep an eye on him, but I'm telling you Jack. Conklin will be a free agent. So remember that he is a guaranteed frigid the Titans can't pay you. They can't pay everyone shraddha NC State man. I watch this guy since I was really young Joe Tunney. He's with the patriots who was a third-round pick in 2016 and unlike Brandon sheriff and Jack Conklin. He started every single game. So that's two Super Bowl is all the playoffs all the regular season games. He started everyone and in two years. He's allowed a single sack and that's including the playoffs. So keep in mind of that. So an extra four games in those years technically three four, he's allowed a single stack one sec. But he can't run block and I'll tell you that right now. That's what that's what the Patriots are. Probably gonna let him walk because he can't he can't run block. He's not good at it at all. He doesn't swing well his technique isn't great with run blocking. So he's going to kind of be thrown on my list but he is a guy that I'm telling you right now can pass block like crazy and he's been great at it since he was at NC State. He's always been a very good pass blocker. So he's going to be a big name to watch Joe Tunney for sure and then my last one on here and it's more of an honorable mention. This guy really didn't make my top three. I'm kind of trying to do. Reaper big position, but I'll put them in here Graham Glasgow from the Lions 27 years old the Giants biggest needs on the offensive line. Well, I just won't talk about Soldier right now because he's technically in place is going to be centered right tackle. We don't have a center technically. We don't have a right tackle at all. He's the top rated Center in free agency. There's not very many of them, but he is locked solid in all categories under PFF and he is the top Center for agency. I don't really know what the Get for him is going to be and I don't know what the Lions plans are with him. But he is going to be a very big Target for a lot of teams because Center is centers are hard position to find. I mean if you look at the last few years you have Eric McCoy. He was great. You have Bradbury he was great. But as a whole, you know, Ryan Kelly, it's really not stacked and Center centers a hard position to find because if you go not very many people want to play center man. It's a tough position and it doesn't mean that people shouldn't play it. I'm just saying it's it's tough. Centers are hard won and I think Graham would be a great acquisition. Yeah, I'd be disappointed if we got him, you know overconfident obviously, but it'd be huge addition 27 years old. He's still young but yet a wrap up the offensive line Jack Conklin. Not only is he the youngest he's the best Jack Conklin is your guy that's who you need to be screaming at the rooftops for Jack Conklin and right behind that and like I said, my list is a little odd. I probably should have thought of this differently, but probably to put linebackers up a No more but here is is linebackers and this is a great class of linebackers in free agency. But there's only two of them that I really really want. A lot of people are going to talk about Shaquille Barrett. I think he had an amazing year. He had historical year. I just don't think he'll do it again. I think he's one of those guys that took his one-year prove it seriously and I respect the hell out of that, but I can't see him doing what he did again. So he's not on my list, but my top Target in free agency, and I know a lot of my buddies and a lot of people that follow me are going to be happy to hear this. And everyone is going to agree is Cory Littleton from the Rams. He's 26 years old in 2018 alone, man, a hundred twenty five tackles nine tackles for loss for sacks and three interceptions in one year with a bad team. That's that's an incredible stat line at 26 year old. So that's big if I'm the Giants, he's your first call when free agent opens, you know, you have core little tinny of Jack Conklin before you Go worrying about Yannick atanga boy. That's going to be a mess Cory Littleton. And Jack Conklin should be your first calls. I mean Corey is going to be definitely very very good and he's going to be a huge acquisition put him next to Connolly and then hopefully draft draft Isaiah Simmons and look at that new line backing core you have Connolly and Littleton Isaiah Simmons, and whoever you want to put on that outside or you can kind of flip it around but I mean this dude two years straight over a hundred and twenty five tackles and five picks in that sent and that span and his men He's the leader mentality. You'll see him a lot of times when he's walking off the field. He's the first one that's like frustrated and mad, you know, I mean you have Jared Goff Golden Boy you don't care but he's always there to pick them up and he's always just like in the middle of every play. If you flip on the tape of Cory Littleton, you'll see what I'm talking about. Not only is he a coverage guy? He's a thumper. He's a downhill and you can Blitz this is your all-in-one player that you need, especially at 26 years old. This guy would be a A massive massive acquisition. I mean this is the type of guy that you know fruit, you know, when you look at the lines a little different this is instant impact core Littleton will be instant instant impact and it will finally make a stop worrying a little bit about middle linebacker and right behind him. Another guy that in credit would be incredibly good either one. I want Littleton the most but give me Joe schobert to from the Browns is 26 years old. He is a pure thousand percent coverage linebacker. I mean if you play Madden or you play anything like that and you see there's own Danielle what I'm trying to say basically is this guy would have a 95 Zone straight up with he's a coverage linebacker. Yes for four interceptions and nine pass breakups alone in 2018 and 2019 for a linebacker that that's cornerback. That's good cornerback numbers. I mean that's pretty amazing in the Browns played some stiff competition this year as we know and that's some great numbers and every year of his career as well even being a coverage linebacker every year except for his rookie year. He's had oh well 100 tackles and in his career, he's had eight and a half total sacks seven forced fumbles six pics. So for of his pics came in this last year, but I'm telling you man. This guy is your pure if you need a pass coverage linebacker. This is going to be your guy a thousand percent Joe schobert. So it depends on what they want. If they prefer more corn little 10 with that pure linebacker all around that that's your guy if you want more of a dedicated, you know, if you think Ryan Connolly is that guy maybe then Go get Court Littleton because Conley can cover really well. So it's just going to really depend on how they view the roster Joe judge is going to get a big saying that what is he prefer? If you want someone that can you can change game in and game out? It's going to be Littleton in my opinion. If you check the boxes off Littleton is the guy to go after all around and every way shape and form, but Joe schobert give me either one man. I know he wants to stay in Cleveland. He's not going to get tagged. He's gonna test the waters will see what he gets. I don't really have a projection for contract for either one. I just a little tins going to be one of the top paid linebackers in the NFL after this free agency and then to wrap it up and this is more of an honorable mention as a whole for the most part is going to be safety. Just pure safety. My main and only target is Anthony Harris, you know Simmons Justin Simmons was going into free agency before I saw the news about him getting tagged. He was like my number two number three Target for the Giants. I kind of crossed him off the list, but Anthony Harris he's Eight years old. He came into the league on drafted spent three of those years not playing and now the last two years he's been utilized and he has nine interceptions at safety nine and a hundred and six tackles and those last two years. He's been PFF top-rated safety for the last two years. He's been tearing it up absolutely tearing it up. He's like a young Earl Thomas in my opinion if you consider Earl Thomas has type of play. That's him in a nutshell. He's Anthony Anthony Harris is Is Earl Thomas but as far as I've heard through my sources in my people, he's looking to be paid in the top eight in his position. So at 28 years old that's going to be a hefty deal that's going to be a big contract and I don't see the Giants doing that but an honorable mention for me would be a good friend of mine since high school, and I'm not just saying this going to buy us some saying he's a great player but a good buddy of mine damarious Randall from the Browns and informally the Packers another guy. That was a safety. Converted to excuse me. This one was a cornerback converted to safety. And in that span. He has 14 career picks at 290 tackles, but into that as in 2019 had a really bad year man. He had no picks his tackles were down and he was also benched. So if you need someone that's going to be a little bit more cheap, especially 27 years old this last year is going to drive is price down but this safety class kind of zaask. So it's going to really depend he's probably gonna end up being the second highest paid because of Simmons being tagged aunt. He's going to be first damarious Randall will probably be second or floating somewhere around there. But yeah, that's a whole man. These are my top players that I think people need to keep an eye on and I tried to throw my sleepers in there being, you know, Mike Hilton Dante Fowler people like that because a lot of guys don't understand, you know, people just look at the news and they think you know, whoever the top player is that's what you need to do and you have to understand that that's really not how this works on it at 10 times, you know, a lot of people are saying something about Pierre All just for for bring back that there's no need for that. You know, everyone's just looking at names and I get that's kind of what I did here to for the most part outside of Hilton, but you got to do a little digging. I mean some of these players are going to be a lot cheaper that are going to play a lot better at me personally, but we said this a lot of podcasts and on my Twitter I would prefer to get a guy for you know, three years 25 million that wants to earn it more than someone that's getting a five-year a hundred million that's already proven himself because it's yes, they're going to play different. You know, I love getting undrafted guys and watching them shine. Like I'm so excited for Julian love this coming year. That's why safety isn't as big of a neat because we have if we move Julian love to free and we have jabril it strong that could end up being a really good combination to safety. So it's going to depend on what Joe judge does with this roster man. That's really the biggest thing about this entire free agency. Is it also depends on how you look at it with the draft to you know, if they have an idea of who they want to take, you know, obviously I can't see Chase young being there for but maybe they Espinosa so they don't go out there defensive end, but the problem is we've done that for so many years where it's like, you know, we don't do something because we're planning on something else and then it shits the bed and we have nobody there. That's why we turn it for our culture Ogletree because we got bombed out at linebacker. It wasn't just because he wanted them because we had the one so it's going to be interesting. You know, we have a lot of people to worry about Leonard Williams me personally. I'm slapping the transition tag on letter Williams. I don't think he's worth what he's going to get paid but the transition tag will be big for us. Man, get us an extra pit get us a pic back that we lost in his trade. It's kind of like we literally used we literally literally use the guy for a year. If you stop the transition tag on them probably gets about a third round pick back. That would be huge to get it back. So yeah, so I mean, let me know what you guys think leave me some comments on everything in YG. What do you think about the list whose some people you think I missed who's some people you think could end up being better that you like? But yeah, we're number six in the lady. Like I said 73 million in cap cutting old tree and Martin was massive, man. So we'll see we'll see what ghetto dick has in plan as a plan. And you know, I don't know. I just think these are our biggest needs and these are the best players to Target if we can land even two of these guys out of the list. We're going to be a lot better than where we started. So that's really all I got right now. I wanted to clear this up with you guys big things coming on the podcast man. I have a guy from PFF coming on. I want to kind of get the team graded out and ask him some questions and I'm going to pretty soon have Giants running back John hilleman. Come on. So this is episode two of everything. And YG's Madness as always. I really appreciate you guys being here for those of you that do already love the podcast and have tweeted great things to me man. I appreciate it more than you know, I appreciate my audience. I appreciate everything you guys do for me as I always say this account means the world, and I'm always here to answer questions. Shoot medians, whatever you guys need. I work for you guys. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you guys. So thank you for supporting me. Thank you for being understanding of how long it took to get here. Thank you for enjoying episode 2. I'll see you in the next one. Bye.