Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for Career path here. So yeah, we're content don't want to let this go. So starting off. We have just kind of our half-ass internet research. Yeah. Thank you Bill Simmons. We stole that. Yeah, I'm good first off careers. We really want to address Damien's job. Oh, okay. What did we find out about Damien's general manager job. Well, let's like you that's the big reveal, right? So let's get go to him last. Okay start the Others so the job titles is kind of come up over the last week or so. The job times were really vague on the show, right X tank mechanic nutrition coach regional manager general manager, like these are content creators like very big titles and we kind of like throughout the season we talked about in jokes about a little bit, right? Yeah Best Buy Piggly Wiggly, you know, things like that. So it's kind of interesting to see some stuff come out now, we have some more inside what they actually do. Yes. We know Kelly is a Beachbody rep. Oh, which is based. You like an MLM that's a multi-level marketing for those of you who don't live in Utah. Yeah, so she's a rep for Beachbody the when she was gone those two days right after the trip to America. She was at a Beachbody event. Okay, we're speculating. Yeah that maybe she met someone there and that's why her love for. Yeah. She left the pods feeling just very open to new experiences and love and she went out into the real world. And you know, those conventions are you know, yeah during covid too much. Oh, yeah, maybe he's Beachbody people out about we're on you Kelly. We're on to you and you know, what happened? What do you think are true regarding Kelly's career is so during the three-week process of the show. She's a fan favorite, like people really like her. She's really wholesome. They love Kenny Kelly. We had them as you know, power couple ranking 1. Yeah thinking these guys are shoo-ins for Success. Right? And so during that time she's on Instagram peddling her business and I think I was she's getting a lot of support Rod of rally and I wonder what's happened since the finale. That's because yeah, I wonder if it's like impacted. I'm sure any publicity is good publicity rights what they say, but I think oh her down line is so solid at that point that this is sure. She's good. She's good. We find out Jessica is a regional manager box. Oh, yeah, do we know sales? That's kind of why we speculated this. Yeah. Yeah box. Yo Aaron. Levie, you gotta be proud. Yeah. See your box. You may not know this about me Candace, but I'm a big box of Port I have. Mm-hmm. I was gonna say a large bag. I have like a medium to small size bag of box stock. So Jessica Aaron, if you guys could get that back up around the other nineteen twenty dollar share Mark, that'd be really cool for me. How do you feel now? Jessica's a regional manager. Oh, man, I should be shorting right? He's selling you know, it's a good point. No. No, we've got to go easy on Jessica. She's she's been hit hard and she seems like a career woman. I'm sure she's great at her job. She's done very well for herself. Like it you like it. Yeah, we know can as a data science consultant. Somebody tracked him down on LinkedIn. Oh, he owns his own business, right? Is that what we read? Ya Sultan see? Uh, okay. I add the type that actually this isn't making sense. So I saw it in Of you today, they did a live Q&A on Twitter and they ask about him taking work off and he said I just asked for a couple weeks off. So maybe since I guess it's been 14 months, so he must have gone from working for somebody else to Consulting. That's really good point. Yeah. It's been a year and a half so that could have changed then. Yeah, he mentioned I think in the pause that he worked in artificial intelligence, right? So yeah, I wonder if changeling Atlanta here. I should we should look no more Amber, so She got a lot of flack for being unemployed having a lot of debt. She came out really quickly after that episode aired explaining that she it wasn't working because of an on the job injury and was waiting for workers compensation. Okay, so we know she works on as a tank mechanic which I'm sure is is a little bit treacherous. You're like a pie and die, you know climbing into things. I don't know like me that doesn't she had like a boot on her foot. Okay? Yeah. Okay more than my day. A job which is sitting at a desk. Yeah. Sure same okay. Yeah, I can see it. So that was why. And then what big reveal I'm Damien Damien. Yeah, it turns out that he's in the all we know is food and beverage is reading your notes over your shoulder here. That's all we know food and beverage. So maybe the general manager of a Popeye's so I was way off of retail. He actually works at yeah. I don't know. I have no idea what that what that would be. Oh man. I'm hoping it's a Seth 7-Eleven. Yeah. Well that big gun in the planet. Yeah, hmm. Oh man. Well, okay see okay now Chick-fil-A. Those are big in Atlanta. Oh really? That's what is born, right? Yeah, Georgia somewhere. So many suits though. I'm probably wrong somebody on the show is going to email us and tell me how wrong I am right now. Yeah, there were suits it Chick-fil-A. No, no, no. Well, they always see the any food and beverage they don't but that's something like maybe hospitality. Is it like in a catering service? Okay. Okay. We're so done spy. You waiting on this? Yeah, let's go back to Best Buy. That was more than you are Kate was exactly. Okay. We also found I also found out that just can Kelly were friends before the show. No way. Yeah, we had some there are some internet's loose on Reddit that that tracked it back to 2014. Wow, their friendship. We've been friends for a minute. Yeah. Wow, so there isn't there's some that's some funny. How does that not come up like drinking show or casting like when they cast and be like you guys know each other we probably won't Do that. We deserved a whole episode dedicated to them fighting about whether they were friends or not. Like we got a bachelor this year. Yes. Oh, yeah. It comes in the reunions Victoria fighting about if they were friends. Yeah. Thankfully, we're different say that's really interesting. So I now I didn't know this before like just now so I'm just thinking back they when she's having a hard time. She's talking to Kelly like in Mexico when she's like, I don't know me and Mark I think so man. We should we should revisit that That we should that's really interesting. Yeah, and and the fact that they both said No at the altar. Okay. Just eating some properties there. Yeah. Okay little strength in numbers. All right, the gold goblet. So Jesus a lot of feelings about the gold goblets, but we found out there from Target their the threshold brand you can buy them online right now. Yeah, if you guys go to target.com make sure you use promo code. And I Do's that's be a lion. No, just kidding. But yeah, so interesting thing they've come up with talk about the gold goblet a lot. We were like, you know building our little community so we can cross posting and Instagram and Twitter and Reddit and people emailing us up we posted that same thing on Reddit and we got a lot of really interesting Insight a we found out the brand. Yeah. Also a really interesting point smart Point The Producers probably had them using the metal goblets so that we couldn't see the amount of Liquid inside of the cup. So when they were cutting the scenes that wasn't obvious they cut it how ever long for and then empty and then falling empty. So we can't tell like we're in the dialogue these things are having she gives them more flexibility and post right out of that stuff. Yeah. I thought was really interesting point. I think having thought about before but you wouldn't notice otherwise, so yeah that makes a lot of sense. Okay. Also can't eat can't sleep OT over the fence World Series type of love. Any of your listeners new this reference Nate and I had no idea this reference. Okay, that's man. We record the episode we make fun of the quote a little bit. I'm like, what does this even mean both? I have two sisters that like the second we post the episode my family like very loyal and supporting me in these dumb Hobbies I get into so I listen to podcasts and they're texting me 20 minutes later like Nate it's from and Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen movie. I can't believe you don't know this it takes two. It takes to is Kirstie Alley eat it too. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh, I was dying 1995. So I don't know the thirtysomething the early 30 years out there. This is their show you'll Sarah my siblings are late 20s, you know, okay. Yeah that was impressive that they knew that Sam Danny but I guess oh so my point with the ages, I'm thinking Jessica feels a little too old for that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You're right. It felt more like marks demo there. Yeah. He's like more there H. Yeah. No the movie like when he was born the movie wasn't even yeah, okay. Okay. So let's talk weddings his we find out about the weddings. They had to walk up to the altar. Okay like to get the check. Yes, that was part of the agreement cinnamon there is it. Let me more like why didn't Kelly say before why did Jessica walked on the altar like walk down the aisle so confidently and do that. It was so cruel and really they had to okay that makes sense. That was that was Whole premise of the show. This is what you're getting into. Yeah, I mean as a viewer this didn't even bother me at all. I wanted it to happen that right. Like that's the whole build-up for the last nine episodes is to get us to The Altar and find out what they're going to say. I get like people who don't watch it on reality TV. They're like, oh this feels can't believe are doing like, how could you wouldn't you just break up with him before and save face, but it's like no their contracts got to your point snakes on the same today. Yeah, but it seems like like part of that is because our incentive to do that right and scented incentivised. I don't know where it is. Hmm. So yeah, they also I mean we mentioned it before and they can Vanessa but Nick I'm he should have been officiating him or Vanessa. They should have been right up there at the weddings and I just want to let the let the viewers know Nate's ordained which is I can do this season 2. Okay. Let's And this out here. Yeah, they should have been at the they should have been to weddings. I almost swore but then I remembered we had 11 year old that watches the show. Thank you to whoever wasn't left us that review edited myself just for that. Yeah, they should have been at the weddings. They're like non-existent in the show and it drives me insane because a lot of those shows Chris Harrison like he's going to miss the wedding. Give me a break. Yeah, we would be at the wedding Netflix. Yeah, make sure you tune right there at the altar. Why not good. They should have been there, right? Yeah human introducing the bride or whatever. Yeah second part of that. It's true. I am ordained. I have performed a couple of weddings in my day of Russ Linda. You're welcome. Alvaro Danielle. You're welcome. And he was going to have done they're a lot of fun and I'm you know, I'm not bad at it. I'm probably as bad as I'm at this podcast and price slightly better at the wedding thing. So if any of you need an ordained minister to perform your weddings just ahead us up by night. He's a gmail.com. I'd be happy to I love love yo. I would love to be there. She leaned into the Nichkhun Vanessa stuff right now. So I was telling you earlier about I had read a couple theories that they were added after the fact when Netflix was like well we need somebody to go on like the talk show tour and promote the show and so Nick a mess aren't that expensive like since TRL? They're looking for a little work and I still got it from something on Twitter. Yeah, that's a so, I don't know if that's there that feels to me. I was like, okay that makes sense. Like they probably picked him up later. Mmm and then cut them into the first episode because we didn't see them with a cast but it that is debunked by the camera person. We know oh, yeah because she says that they got along well actually worked on the show. Yeah. What did you send my name dropping over there that guy see you so but I did think I was like that's actually a really interesting Theory because it's perceived. Yeah, but I don't think it's true. I think they were there from the beginning and I think we can all just agree that there are bad fate here. They are. I went very curious for the reunions show because I'll be hosting it and they're sitting right there with them and just kind of I think we'll both have a better view of the Rapport. They have in the past man. I'm going to be so biased going in but you're right. We'll get a lot of good insight there from that. Should we go here now to talk about this been like some Fanfare about and you know as much as I would love to host and we've been burning this joke. For ten episodes and now thanks for sticking with us. A lot of fans are saying that learning Cameron her should host a should host season 2 and I'm I don't hate that. I don't hate it either. No, I think it's that happens often with on Married at First Sight. Well, they they have a couple of like past contestants hosting after shows and being really involved and I just think them having that point of view of gone and gone going through the process and they could connect with the cast and I don't know I think it and they're both like really Funded in article she is I was going to say he is not he is she is a brick wall, but she is really good. Like she would be great in that Dynamic and them together and I think you know, they're probably little more comfortable now, I'm all for it. I'm all for it my sport that and give them more of an opportunity based off of their popularity on the show. They carry the show. I mean get on Twitter. I know everybody loves them. Yeah least I could do mmm. All right. Well, I support that. Okay back to weddings just can Mark we didn't mention this. The day of the wedding to be honest, I didn't notice it. I didn't notice until then a few people learn it as of this Jessica and marks then you was different. That's yeah, that's right. So they were in like they had the weird chandeliers on the wall giant chandelier. They I got dropped off at the front door. It look different. Yeah. It's like way fancier. We're really area some more half-ass internet research, who knows if this is true or not, but we read that potentially the same owner of their venue and the venue everyone else chose and they got to choose where they wanted to get married and they were like essentially Next door across the street. They're really close together. So that's kind of what what I read there. So yeah, who knows if that's true or not, but that's what I read. The probably probably happened is you know, the budgets a little tight here for kinetic Productions and they were like, oh we have another wedding that night or I don't know Angela conflict. That's why they ended up there. Yeah, so they're like, okay. Well you just other venue you don't see that and Amber did confirm an interview that the production He did pay for the weddings. Okay. Yeah, so we speculate on that. She brought up the alterations on the dress and they must have edited it. She was probably just talking anecdotally like I can't believe dress alterations would cost a hundred eight hundred fifty dollars here. So not mean she had to pay for what she's probably just talking to how expensive it was catchy. Yeah, that makes sense. Hmm exhales that made me feel better because we were like outraged about that. Yeah. Well you figure I mean after you they're all in the same venue, it looks like similar floral arrangements and repeat. A series of being talked about that is that in your notes Here No, but we should talk about that. Yeah, so mentoring that up on wedding day. This was funny. Like I was wonder if they got like it's like picking out tiles when you're building a house. You got to pick out your who's going to marry you and to the couple's pick the same person. Yeah. I thought that was really interesting. Whoa, where the yo the couples that pick the same person are Kelly and Jessica Jessica. I wonder if it's wonder if they go to church together or something. Yeah, maybe and they know No the same guy. Yeah, I wonder if there was a personal connection to who is marrying them. Yeah, I just missed it at it wasn't because of the duplicate. But now that we know that I don't know. Yeah, I love the other two. Yeah, can I could pick I pick one of the other two. Hmm. Okay. I thought they were really good. Hmm. Yeah, okay, they can add a little bit of a tough job bitter like explain like justify why this was happening there. Like I know this wasn't traditional and on and on. Okay, so okay. This was fun. I think I loved hearing the feedback from the cast after they watched okay the episodes and so I just want to call it a few of those. Okay, Amber mentions. She was disappointed with how the producers portrayed how where she grew up. They kind of really played into like her grew up in a rough or area and she Just it. She she actually said at her mom's feelings. Yeah, that was set up. Okay, and I was like, oh, yeah bummer. Yeah. Yeah. I liked your mom. I did too. Well like a normal house to grow up in no, I think I think they did of two years. I felt that a little bit. I think Burnett says it a couple times and then how they pull up and they don't even go inside the house and they're just I don't know. Yeah compared to Barnett's family where you could tell it was like a nicer home and then they sat on the patio. And yeah. No, I see it. I appreciate how about that? Look and Cameron. This is funny. They actually learn actually met Cameron's parents. Oh worry and they never showed that there's never showed us. There's never showed us. So interesting. I don't know why I was your idea I so I brought this up a couple episodes ago. I liked how they move the show along and they didn't need to show us everything everyone doing everything but seems like some like that that meeting of the parents we would want to see how that interaction was. Yeah, huh? Okay, that's really interesting. I would I love to see how that went. I'm sure they loved her. No, they did say an enemy to say they said it went great. I bet they'll and the even that Papa speed went and met Karen's parents before the wedding. Oh, no way. Yeah. They had like just like Kelly and Kenny how we saw the families together with Kenny and Kelly. Yeah, they had a similar experience with Lauren and whenever all the couples did something like that Jessica. What about Jessica? Do you know anything there? No, I hear anything there man. If anyone knows anything about meeting Jessica's parents. Yeah, I doubt it. I doubt it down and she's invested in it. Yeah. She and her two friends there. Okay, her friend said I'm so embarrassed for her that's popping up all over the Internet and relive that Barnett he made three real connection. So he's talking about the very first episode where he makes these real connections with three girls, but they didn't show how or why it may I think he's I think where he's coming from as they think he looks like a player. Yeah. I mean I said these words. Yeah. I had them bottom of my power and Kings. I thought this dude's not here for it. He's like trying to date all these chicks and it turns out that's not the case. He said like his words. I made three real connections and they really didn't show why? Yeah, and he was just justifying his behavior like a know. It was really I really connected with these girls. They were great girls. Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah we Juanita this guy, but I think if we just had more insight into those connections and I'm sure a lot of these people had other connections that we just didn't get a scene. They showed us that for Barnett. It was part of the drama of the first couple of episodes. And so part of the they wanted they were some reason branding him that way the narrative. Yeah. Well Barnett we understand you know, so Yeah, Lauren. So Lauren actually was very pleased. She talked about how Netflix and kinetic content really State authentic to her story. She wanted me to Super transparent about how she was feeling as a black woman be authentically back without toning that down because of her connection her connections with white man. Okay? Yeah, of course. She loved the way she is portrayed like yeah, she talks about the Bonnet and so that first night they spend together and she's a hair covered. And then I can't remember the other things that she pointed out but she was really pleased with how they portrayed then I think I think the viewers have been too. Yeah, I think the production company decided early on. Hey people are going to like and connect with this girl. Yeah, they showed us the best size of her I thought yeah they did and to be honest like she I don't know what negative sides she probably have she issues comes across as rude as a really authentic. That's the perfect word for it. Yeah. Sure. I didn't mean to imply that you know, the hidden anything from was no, but they definitely Push that story like yo Barnett seems like a really genuine dope dude, and they just you know by keeping some things away from us and made us seem like oh, yeah, so yes, that's so funny. They didn't really they did a really fair job with Lauren. I thought they do you think they do that in casting so they're they're sitting in casting they're looking at okay, we're choosing between they have it, you know, 30 40 people in there trying to narrow it down. You can be come up with this is the role we want we want, you know, this Southern bro player. Hmm. Okay, that's you know, kind of the Best looking one. Hmm. Do we want that? You know this wholesome? Yeah down to earth, you know, like they have in mind certain. They're like storyboarding a little bit right types. They're saying okay. This isn't this is a story that we could drive its car. This is a character that this guy could play for us, right? Okay. I mean, they don't know how this is gonna play out on point, but they can say like hey, this is our Southern whatever or this is our yeah. Yeah. I came in they were good example, they probably a picture they probably have like, okay we want another enough diversity Um to make a button enough diversity 52 white people and to but he's a really good point this I'm thinking like the I guess they all there has to be enough sameness. That's not the right word for them to make these connections. Yeah. We talked a little bit about in the first episode about everyone's kind of like a seven or a little bit better looking than average. There is something about having them all be similar enough that yeah, I will work. Yeah. And when I said diversity, it's really the Spectrum from Kelly to Amber got ya in just just personality types Burnett to like a different brunette. I see personality poking fun. Yes, of course, of course. Yeah anyways, but really with this it's like I think the producers were surprised at how it all turned out completely. They didn't even know they did get this many engaged. They're expecting one engaged. Yeah, and I think they just had a ton of content. They're trying to edit it down to only 10 episodes. And so they just picked and chose certain storylines and certain characters. And yeah, I think if they could do it again, I think they'd give us less couples. Mhm because I think they did love to see that and of leaving a lot of stuff out of there probably wish they could show us but at the same time I really loved how the show moved along. I thought they did such a good job with that that I don't know if I would change that. I'd like to see less couples. That's couple more content. Yeah, I've seen this with Married at First Sight going from three to five and five is just too much. So I think with this I think would be perfect with for couples. Huh? Interesting. Okay, they could do for couples in 10 episodes. We talked about this last last episode, but I bet they regret killing Kenny. Yeah, because how much time do they waste their for nothing story? Yeah not killing Kenny. You're not nothing. But you know, there's just more drama more Dynamic with the other couples and then you guys didn't even end up together Kelly. Other insights from interviews is Gigi. It's she said it took a nine months to recover from the Heartbreak. Nine months. Yeah to get over that. Yeah serial killer looking man. I was calling my mother F ER right now. I'm nine months crust. Okay. Here's what I'll say about that. Two people who have reached out to us talking about their first Endeavor into reality TV Jerrica. Thank you for the email. This is like how real this is right? Like her heart was broken. It took her nine months to get over this. Yes. This is a yes. So yeah, it's it's a weird. There's so many things at play here that make these people behave in weird ways right cameras. Just the format of them. You imagine being was format without the cameras their rights this really weird thing to go through and you're in Mexico with them and then you're living together. And you've known them for a week like it's a lot and then you throw the cameras and on top of that and then all the other couples and then yeah, there's just so much happening here that yeah a lot of behavior happens at you. Like what are they doing? Then you think? Okay. Well, maybe if I were in the situation with all of these external pressures, maybe I'd be doing some weird things too. But at the end of the day, it's like these are real people going through real relationship ever been in front of cameras before also true. Never done screen, you know, a lot of people for Carlton. Did everyone see that clip I didn't see it. I just read it me or does he but I don't know the Real Housewives characters. Okay, you probably like you gotta watch it. Yeah, don't like just the he gets narc me out to the people here, you know exactly what oh my gosh. He gets so snarky. No snarky should watch it. He throws a fit. He's like, he's like a coordinator of some wedding thing that the Real Housewives characters like trying to throw. Event and he just like, oh how funny yeah, he gonna track it down. So snarky with her. I hope it's Nene. Hmm. It's not easy. I know Nene. It's a newer younger character. Okay. Don't know from the Northeast like a recent one. Okay. Yeah. Anyways, ok. Ok, grass. We do know some other interviews. So learning Cameron. They've been doing the most interviews. This is the most stuff. I've read favorite successful couple everyone wants on the show. Yeah, we find out they spent the holidays in Maine with his family. They they went on a beach vacation. They just couldn't post pictures of them together. So they're they're close friends and family knew of course cuz I'm thinking a year and a half like this a long time to be secretive about a relationship know they were doing their normal life, but keeps them post at the wedding obviously. No, right so their families and stuff. No, so there is like some exposure. I wonder if all those people to send in DA's. Yeah, I don't and because it's like there's only so much you could keep it contained true. Yeah. Yeah. I have no idea the also there's To keep a secret because we I guess you just don't post on social media because we just we didn't care until February 13 you have three weeks to care exactly. Yeah, so it's not like yeah, it's like they couldn't tell people what I'm dying to know is how they found out about casting. Hmm because Cameron okay scammony root says they are asking why he didn't he was like, well, you know, I just felt like I've been finding what I had been on dating apps and I hadn't been always attracted to the wrong girls. And so I was really excited about doing this. My family wasn't super supporting said I my mom don't really want me to I just felt but I felt like I should and I'm thinking how did you even hear about this? Right? Yeah. Yeah. Like how is it advertised? How did you know, what did they tell you when you went? - that's a good question. I don't know the answer to that. If anyone out there does share with us. Here's what I will share we know who does the production right. So I'd like sign up for all the alerts for their production company so that kinetic we even talked about a little bit this I signed up for all the stuff because I want to know when they start casting season 2 so that we can go and meet some people and like start the podcast that I think it'd be a lot of fun till I get that Insight. Yeah, so I saw like right now if you live in New Orleans and you're listening to the show and you think this is Cool format. You should go on Married at First Sight. They're casting New Orleans right now it so there's application there. So I think they just like any of these dating show casting calls, right? Like just the word gets out and you fill out an application and word of mouth. And I mean kinetic has like they've been doing this for a long time. They've got like an ape right knee branded it love is blind and I just use don't know. I'm just thinking there didn't even do that. I read they just open call for a dating show. Yeah. I mean these guys are casting man. Vs. Bear where people are literally competing against Bears. Not barely. Gorillas. Drink his own piss bear and Antarctica 800-pound grizzly bear. Yeah. We watched it. We watch like a minute. Yo, we watched plenty of junk TV, but there's a line definitely seen that show. Anyway, what I'm saying is if they can find ways to cast those types of shows a day. How easy is a dating show right? Especially in Atlanta. There is, you know, 80 zillion people who live there that are all Something so it seems like a dream place where they go next. Oh, yeah. So I think we got to predict we got his put in predictions for season 2 1 are they going to announce it on the reading and show on Thursday? I hope so bad. I hope so died. We're licked its diamagnet haven't announced it yet as talk about this with you today. I watch a show on HBO halfway through the first season. They're like, hey good news. We've renewed season two is going to happen and you get like a more invested in it because it's okay. It's not going to die in three weeks. I wish they would do that for me. To capitalize on this wave right now, especially captive audience. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, not the Netflix needs that I mean they put out anything people eat it up. Well, you know this especially yeah, so we're hoping we're hoping we want to ride this wave forever. This is so much fun. Whoa, where do you think they're going to do it? So we talked about this a little bit. I did some research today. So it's the same company that is Married at First Sight. I kind of looked at their they did Atlanta one season. I kind of looked at their like train of cities. They've only done Massive cities massive the only one really big cities, New York, New York Atlanta Boston Miami Dallas, Philadelphia, Chicago. These are the cities were Married at First Sight has done. It feels like they're going to probably follow the trend here and go to one of those things cities like you think yeah, I'm guessing either Dallas or Houston, Texas. Yeah. Yeah. I we talked about this a little earlier today, but I feel like they really like the Texas demographic. I think it overlaps a with the demographics watching the show right now big big cities a lot of Youth. They're similar type of thing. I think you're I think Dallas is probably the best best bet. I wish if anyone's listening from kinetic do a Married at First Sight or Love is Blind here Candice and I live here in Salt Lake City, Utah, which oh, it's Prime is Ryan. Nothing to be proud of but is I mean people are doing Love is Blind every day here people are meeting and getting married in two weeks. Like was it interesting that Married at First Sight they would A hundred thousand people come to the captain home. So it would be it would be fantastic to have a million couples to choose from to to watch a show. We did they'd all be really boring white blond hair blue eyed people but they have a lot of them to choose from. Yeah. They sure would I wish I could be younger demographic after sure that we get some 18 year old told ya that's a literally I'm seeing everyday I did right? Yep teenage Brides. Okay. So another thing I wanna go guys they've been holding. Hang on to this for 14 months. What was your strategy for releasing now? Oh, I see. Okay. Yeah, like they could release this at any time. Yeah, because what we're doing the reality tour stuff Mary the first sights on right now. Hmm. That's right. Like there's a lot of competition in this market right now why they come out right now? I don't know. Yes, you do. Well, I think I think the I think strategically they did it mid Bachelor you think yeah. Tell me more about that. I think you just wanted to like compete with it. They went head-to-head. Yeah, and because Bachelor sucks right now, that's if anything if Bachelor even enter their mind, which I don't think it did. I think they released for Valentine's Day. I think I was always a plan. Oh, I forgot that, you know, if every 13th the day before Valentine's Day, I think that was always the plan for them. But if Bachelor enter their mind at all Peter has been terrible has been a terrible season of Bachelor really what a better time to be like, okay. Hey get over that. 40 year old Antiquated terrible reality show and come try the new fun successful. I did the math today Bachelors out like a 17 percent success rate married for sites that like a thirty percent success rate. So this feels more and we're at a 33 percent success rate. You kept correcting, you know 33. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. I'm so glad you like who are there for one minute and We know what the other two couples. Yeah, right. There were engaged even go through. So anyway better format better audience younger more fun better to binge better to I think yeah. I think they're jury if batch came in. I think they're thinking hey, we could steal some of the viewership right now. Not that they need to they're probably doubling tripling what Bachelors doing? Well, right and opening up to A Whole New Market. How many do you think this is driving first time reality dating viewers? Yeah. Okay. So that's another side of it is a lot of people cut the cord so you TV access is either Network television that you get like over-the-air Fox ABC NBC CBS. They're not getting a lot of reality TV. Right? This is like scripted dramas and daytime TV. And then you get Netflix and Hulu, which also doesn't have like a ton of Relativity. I mean Netflix recently with the circle and this like they're trying to start to get into it. But I think you're right. I think you're opening it up to a new audience that I mean. I personally know people this is their first time watching a reality dating show. Yeah. Yeah, Jericho. I mentioned earlier who emailed us thank Sharon for the email. If you guys want to reach out by an idea that gmail.com a lot of fun. We love getting it. We write back. It's really cool. So you look have thoughts reach out because she mentioned should never dove into reality TV before and then she's in now. Yeah, it's really fun to hear that perspect that point of view because I've been watching reality TV since it started and I think part of the way interact with it and why this is so fun is it just I've never taken it that seriously and what I've noticed is some of these people are watching for the first time are like It's almost like they're just so like stressing. It stresses them out. Yeah, it's it causes like anxiety like they it's feels awkward. It feels stressful. It feels embarrassing and I'm like can be embarrassed for these people like this is fun. This isn't this is like a good time and treat us like good things come from it. Just yeah like and maybe I think in my younger years eyes are real cynic and maybe now I'm just like this hopeless romantic, but I just like, I love it. I have no Sam. It's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun. Yeah. I agree. I think yeah new audience people who maybe wouldn't even watch this episode content before and then the facts on Netflix got this huge Groundswell. A lot of people are talking about it. If you just search Love is Blind on Twitter a million tweets, like people are really engaged with the show. So then you get word of mouth and stuff and then people are like water cooler talking about it. And then yeah, you're like, okay. Well, I'll check it out. It's on Netflix. I got nothing else to do all these are scroll through here for three and a half hours and choose nothing or I'll just like dive into this episode. I was talking about. Yeah and the same thing. Covid we really appreciate when emailing really appreciate the reviews we've gone on Apple one of you actually give us a three-star review which feels like a I don't know if that's like a good or a bad or what sure mistake. Feel free to delete that one. That's okay. We will that I kiss you but I do want to shout out to the people who have been supportive of me personally in my insecurities here on the word my guy specifically, we got an email and review of people saying that they don't judge me for saying that so oh good. Just thank you from the bottom of my heart you really Thank you. Another cool thing is just finding Connections in the podcast community. And so I want to give a shout out to a new podcast that I've been introduced to and we think our audience to me. It's just like it's a really fun little crossover. It's called heaving bosoms. Hmm. Okay, when I got the DM from them, I was like really nervous to open it. But when I did I was pleasantly surprised because what they do each week is they read romance novels and then recap them and review them. Also, it's like this but for a romance romance novels, I'm what so we're at Barnes & Noble yesterday when we did our research and Candice is scouring the romance section, which I've never seen her do before it is. Okay. I want to get into this, right? Okay. And anyway, so I wanted to give him a shout out. If you guys want to check them out and are into this. It could be really fun and we having this together. Yes. Okay. All right, check them out cool, and they're fans of the show. So thanks ladies. Yeah. Thanks. So yeah, green and show I'm just like super excited. It's not going to be on Netflix queue on Netflix YouTube channel. Oh word. Yeah weird. So just so everybody knows that. I don't know what that means. I mean either you're gonna have to you're like my technology officer. You also know that out for me. Yeah. I figured out how to make a podcast so I can yeah, we'll figure that out kind of figured out. Yeah, so really excited about the reunions show and we'll just we'll be back after that to talk about what happens there. Yeah, like subscribe greatest view has not three stars though. That's weird. Don't do that. Tweet us. We love to interact with you guys. Send us the good memes soon as I get gifts. Okay. See you in a few days soon a few days guys by right?