Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and And John was the front man of Bounce composure. They were an alternative rock band that came out of the Philadelphia Doylestown area of Pennsylvania, and they had been making music for over a decade. They release three LPS and they are and were one of my favorite bands. They were my artist of the decade from Spotify whenever that came out in December. So that was really cool. Cool and very unsurprising I listen to them a lot in high school and I was really fortunate to be able to see them twice throughout their career and I got to see them in Dallas, Texas and 2014 and that was soon after they released their second LP the things we think we're missing. That's my favorite of their Anthology. I love that album so much and I also got to see them in Seattle Washington when I moved up here almost four years ago. And 2016 that was right after they released light we made which is their final out P. It was definitely a different sound for them and they released it on vagrant records which was different than the record. They will they release their other LPS on so it was definitely a departure from from a lot of the things that they had been doing in the past, but I thought it was a great album. They are unfortunately no longer together, but they had such a great run and John is now working on a lot of other projects some solo stuff. If and some collaborations with what cafes Springs Eternal and some different artists, so I'm really excited that John is getting up to some different things and getting to explore a lot of different ways of making music different genres different sounds that he wants to explore. So I also have a quick little story about John and I'm meeting six years ago. It's slightly embarrassing and this was the way that I emailed John about this podcast. I was like, Funny story when I was 16 we met in Dallas. So I was fortunate enough to meet him after the show. I saw and it's kind of a crazy story because I wasn't really meant to be inside the venue when I was when I met him so during balance composure set somebody stage dive off of the stage and hit me in the head with their shoe and I went down and some kind of people next. To me picked me up off the floor, but I was really like disoriented and I was a little freaked out and so I walked out of the crowd and it was unfortunate because it was right when balance was starting and I had this perfect view. I was right in the middle up front and I was really really upset not because I'd really been knocked in the head it was because I was missing their set and this was my first time getting to see them. They were my favorite band at the time. So I was super upset very quickly the manager of the When you came out and he brought me into the hallway and was like Hey, like what happened? Can you tell me what happened and it's basically probably trying to see if I had a concussion which I didn't but he was like I am so sorry because I was basically just like crying I was just so upset that I was missing them and I could hear them the background there were playing some of my favorite songs and I was just like I'm missing my favorite band. It's just what I kept saying over and over again, and so he very Kindly, put me on the side of the stage in the VIP section where the other bands who had played before balance were and so anyway, I got to watch balance from the side of the stage without without a lot of people, you know around me and it calms me down and I got to see them like basically their whole set. I think I missed maybe like two or three songs, so it wasn't it wasn't too bad. But after that I went back into the venue after everyone walked out I ended up seeing John and he was he was basically like Loading out stuff and just walking around the venue after everyone cleared out and I was like, hey, you're John he was like, yeah, and he was so so kind to me. I kind of told him like a just of what happened and he was like, I'm so sorry that happened and I think he complimented my outfit because I was not dressed appropriately for a rock concert. I looked like I was going to like some sort of fancy event. Like I don't know what I was thinking but I was 16. I was really young and I was just like this is my like first time seeing balance. Like I'm gonna dress really nice, but I think that was that was my thinking then but he was so kind to me and we have this really cute picture that I've shown a couple people and I definitely gave him some sort of note that said like Your music changed my life. Thank you so much PS you have the same name as my dad something stupid like that, and I don't know if he still has it. But hopefully he does and that can become like an ancient Relic someday of my fangirl past, but I'm so excited to talk to John today. He very graciously agreed to call me from La. So let's talk to John and see what he's up to. It's good. I'm just here in Seattle. The weather is nice for once so it's raining really that's crazy. Thank you so much for talking with me. I'm so excited to talk to you. I've been a fan for a really long time. So it's like super cool for me. That's really cool. So I would love to talk to you about the scene that you grew up in. And came up with bouncing composure and like the Philadelphia Doylestown area. There's a lot of bands that came out of that area. Why do you think that is, you know, I don't know. It's kind of crazy to think about too many to list, but I think I think title fight influenced inspired a lot of people start bands. I think that's definitely one of the things but I also think and Pennsylvania your kid. And in suburbs like there's nothing else to do and you kids need an outlet and they gotta do something and making noises always fun and I just turns into an every weekend kind of thing. You know what I mean? So I think I think a lot of it is boredom and kind of needing some kind of Outlet. So was title fight the first band that started their Elite what they started when they were like 12 so like they've been around for a long time, right? 15 and they're like a two-hour drive from where I lived was sampling shares with that like we would go up to where they live and they were here they would have Doylestown that's always really interested me about all the bands that like have come from that area because I just like happen to be a fan, you know, like when I started listening to balance like title fight and others and like tigers jaw, I feel really lucky to have grown up in that scene. I get to see those bands play like the teen center or like I'm who's like a deer Cub you or something it was just really cool and really important to it like my growing up and becoming an adult. How do you think that the music scene in the Philadelphia area affected the music that you grew up listening to and the music that you play now tiger like obviously like Tiger song title fight like became some of my favorite bands of all time. I don't know I kind of always just liked my life. I think I just got lucky with that. But title title and tiger shop, I think growing up like playing shows with them and having a community. I think it definitely helped all of us and pushed all of us either but inspiration or just work harder and like just a support system was huge. I feel like we all were written for each other. I want good things for each other and we would push each other and we would see like, oh title fight is going on tour. Maybe we should try to lure or tiger saw put out an LP. We should probably try right now P, you know, I mean, yeah, so yeah, one of the other things that I'm really interested in is how we process like certain events and feelings collectively. Do you think that there is any of that going on in that music scene that you are a part of? I think actually everyone has their has their own issues and I think music is a is something that helps you it's a way to get aggression out its way to get your feelings out and I think kids when they realize that they can do do it to teach yourself how to play guitar or write songs. I don't know. I think it's a It's really important thing. It's like one has finds it Outlet. I think at some point and I think a lot of people it's music. I think especially like a younger like a in your adolescence. It's really really important. It was a huge for me as like a person as a as a kid growing up. It still is I really don't know what I would do or handle a lot of my problems of philosophy for music. How do you think that you've learned about yourself through? And what are some of the things that you've learned? Hey, that's a good question. I've learned perseverance mainly like I've never really had a good self-esteem and I think just seeing like how much work you can put it into something and seeing the rewards and seeing I just like seeing what could happen like us building a following is like a miracle I feel and if it took us like 11 years, I guess I kind of surprised with myself. I mean looking back. I think it's a I learned a lot about perseverance and kind of just like always remembering why I do it. It's always been because I feel like I need to and I like it as fun. I don't know. I kind of just learned to stay true to myself and always remember that and definitely learned how to like believe in believe in something and believe in myself and my friends so I watched an interview that you did. Probably about a year ago. You talked about the way that you write songs and I really enjoyed listening to you talk about how you have a melody in mind. And then you sort of like match the lyrics that you write to the melody. Yeah. I'm a huge fan of your lyrics. I think they're like top-notch. I just like love the way you write. How do you think about the past and different events that you write about? It depends on what I'm thinking about, you know what I mean? There's no one way I could answer that question. I feel like it really all depends. Like you can either look at something and be mad about it or be happy that it happened. You know what I mean? Yeah, a lot of times we think about the past and different than it actually was like we sort of like can sometimes romanticize it so just thinking about like how that affects your writing process and like the way that you write about. Oh, yeah. Definitely. Sometimes you can run man. The size the past like really bad, you know what I mean? Like especially like because they got a relationship for something that you are upset is over or something like that a lot of that but also as time goes on you can start to see You can see it more clearly as it as it was and then what you thought it was actually was. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, so it all depends. It depends on the subject really. Do you think there's like a difference in the way that you feel whenever you're writing music versus whenever you are playing it? Yes playing I would say it's like my favorite part of it all which I didn't think it was but now that I like done certain like a solo thing and stuff like oh, yeah, this is still like I just did I just wore recently in December and it was just everything like playing music is like my favorite feeling on Earth there especially right after like its I can't describe it. It's like a human. I like to perform. It's just I feel like I'm doing. I don't like get anxious and I don't get any kind of like, you know, when you work a job like this is not like the opposite. Yeah. Anything else? You know what I mean? Like I have other interests but like not like music that kind of like I just need it. I needed to be busy with it. I mean, yeah, no definitely do you think that you were born to make music? No, I don't think so because that would be a lot better of a singer and guitar player, but I don't know. I think I might have been born to have something to say. You know, I mean or be able to I don't know. I really don't know. That's a tough question. I really thought about it before but I kind of feel like I accidentally stumbled into music. Yeah, how did you start playing music? I guess my first interests were sooo church and like choir I was in the church choir and stuff and saying in that I became it was a church the church band. What's the third thing is har so I guess yeah singing in like church was like my first introduction like my mom used to make me sing. For the church every once in a while to like by myself and my sisters were singers like always singing and my mom always singing corner so to speak I'm like, I just became normal to me and then I just started liking it more and more as time went on. I guess all that. I got a guitar then it is wasn't banned since like sixth grade. So yeah, I think it was I think a lot of it was like growing up in church and my sisters whatever they were listening to I was listening to that's like a trend for a lot of people that are involved with music. It's like my My family are like my siblings were really into music or they saying and that's how I got into it older siblings. I've so much to do with that. So if you're listening to this and you're an older sibling and you want to make your noticeable in cool show them your music. No, definitely my brother everything like that started my obsession. Yeah, there's my sisters influence Shania Twain, even you know what? I mean? Yeah. No, definitely. My older brother was the person who got me listening to like Kendrick Lamar and I'm like forever in his debt because of that, you know, yeah, except like that like changed everything. I guess. I remember also as a side note, I remember my choir teacher and school on a night of Middle School graduation bought me Jimmy Eat World. CD Clarity and that was what made me want to start a rock band like like balance. So that had a huge impact on me. I've never heard that album an album. That's okay. So it's things like that. I got to tell him that actually we stay in touch and that's cool. Yeah, but you you have an effect on people with the stuff with it's crazy. Yeah, I love thinking about like those moments in our childhood that shaped us so significantly. I also remember like my uncle was the first person who bought me a Green Day album. She is that so cool. Yeah. It's so cool. Like I love that. Yeah. My sister is when they were in college. Oh my sister Angela. She was in college to come back and visit every once in a while. I was 12. I remember her taking me to Sam goody, which is CD store, and I got his day stay where you are. And then we drove around for hours. Just drove around aimlessly listening to it and she had never heard them before and I was just like it's like my favorite memory. That's okay. Yeah. Yeah and then like his name became one of my favorite bands just from like that. It's really cool. Yeah. I remember my brother in high school. He put like two huge speakers in the back of his 1999 Toyota 4Runner and he would just like blast Meek Mill like Every rapper that I like now was because of him so cool. It's the best. So how old are you? I'm 22. So you grew up in like high school with like Meek Mill and Kendrick and stuff. Yeah. That's so cool. Yeah, definitely different. I'm a huge music fan. I love meek. He's so cool. I'm from Philly to so yeah. I've been a fan since my freshman year of high school. How long ago was that? Truly 14 13 14 years ago. I was like when he was first like coming up. Yeah, he was a kid. Yeah, watch this stuff on YouTube all the time. That's so cool. Yeah, that's when I was researching on Meek Mill. Basically, I learned a lot about his you know, like journey and Philadelphia and is like really cool to learn about. Yeah, he's okay. He's a hero. Yeah huge influence on me as I got. I love me. Yeah, that's how I kind of how I feel not the same but about having Gates we used to see him at like the Waffle House just like hanging out and we would be like, oh my God, that's Kevin Gates and we would go out to him and he was super super chill and then like later on like by the time I graduated high school. I think he had like a billboard charting album like he was huge already. So it was crazy just like see that happen. His new album. Yeah. No, I do. It's good. Me too. I think Kevin Gates a lot of Louisiana are you from I'm from Baton Rouge awesome. Cool balance is played in New Orleans, right? Yeah a couple times not many times. How did you like it? What's the Orleans? Yeah. I think in like 2016 title fight was supposed to play at Voodoo Fest but it got cancelled because of the rain which like never happened. And so they played in this like tiny shotgun House in New Orleans and my brother and I like drove down there and saw them and he got like shut down by the police after like 45 minutes, but it was super fun. It's so cool. Great. Yeah. It's so cool. And then actually so it's funny cuz that was like in November. Of 2016 I think and then on the same day one year later. I saw you about imbalance in Seattle. And I had like talk to I talked to Ned russin in New Orleans and then I guess like Ben was on your tour like helping you guys and I just got to talk to him like one year later and I was like, oh actually met your brother like one year ago. Exactly. And he was like, no way. That's awesome. So say yeah great Brothers great you all right there, but they were so nice whenever I met them and I just like a door title fights. Yeah. I just did that for with Ned and glitter ER mmm, which is this new project and wicked face Springs Eternal and it was just and I got to hang out with net in a while and it's great. And I think I've learned a lot from him. It's a solo performer, but I got to watch him as he helped me a lot. Maybe less nervous. Oh, that's so good. Yeah. Well, how are you feeling about living in la-la compared to Philly. I love it. Yeah, let's do it. So the music scene is insanely awesome, but I don't know. I just like it seems to get out. You know, I would have been there for a long time. So it was just good to try some new. And I've been staying busy. It's been really cool. How are you doing on your like solo projects right now? What can we expect from you soon? Well, I am in the middle of writing an LP has kind of been going really hard on it. So yeah, I plan to release an LP this year. Hopefully, okay see it and it's a little bit more Rocky. Okay, and yeah, other than that, I'm just trying to write songs with other people and have fire and you know, just Busy making music. Well, thank you so much again for talking to me today. I'm such a big fan. So this was so cool for me. Hey, no problem today. I would do the same any day. Thanks for thinking of me. Well, you have a good one. Okay. Okay. Thanks for listening to we live in a music Society hit the Subscribe or follow button to be notified when my next interview comes out. I'll see you on the next episode.