Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I woke up in the morning and I was like, wow, holy shit a little bit in Josh's place. We like quadrupled your childhood next door. Alright, so first off I just want to put this out there to all the viewers you guys listen to this and you think we're fucking trash come back by episode 5 will have this thing figured out smell. This was a couple Miller's deep idea that turned into this. So we're taking the lead definitely definitely give us feedback though, like if you guys Programmable Facebook. Yeah, let us know like what you guys think and like what you think we can improve on because well, I mean we'll take into all that into consideration. So take off how much I hate us too. We love that stuff. Yeah, will you got on? All right, first off and boys do you want to talk about so should the Cowboys signed at Prescott over the old? I'm Jerry Jones. I wouldn't pay him 40 million a year, but I'm saying our team needs definitely there's other options out there. But if I'm Jerry you need to be back that has to be your number one. But other than that, you know, what do you think about the 40? I'm not paying right? I don't know. No, I'm not average QB. It was not the gimmick what we talked about in the last four seasons. You have to realize that Prescott has had a winning season since he's been in the league. He's won two playoff games, which granted isn't a lot but it's more than what most most people can show shit Carson Wentz down a million dollar man isn't fucking want anything. That's a fair assessment. So so so not going to the Cowboys. Howard has expressed very much interest in do you think to sign Tom Brady on for a short extension or would you rather see deck at a big deal for a couple years for me personally know you but you put your trust in back and you believe and stand behind them. I am all with that Brady has maybe one or two good years left. I don't care how many people think you're right God. He got his Rings. He's one of the best of all times do it, but I would definitely take a piss right now to build a team right people also have to Eli's Brady 160 million over the next two years. That's a lot of damn money to shuffle out. That's for sure. I'll sit down 30 million year you can have back sign that for 4 with a possible extension of fives. So in general you think Brady should stay with New England or do you think he should go somewhere else? I am 90% sure he is gone. Okay, Tennessee Titans. Oh you saw that might be able to enjoy and Edelman and Tom Brady were FaceTiming my Grable the head coach of Tennessee the head coach of Tennessee today at a bad time Adam. Yeah, it was bad. And also there was a report that Tom and rolled his kids in school down in Nashville. There was a really like they just had the rookie quarterback lead them to the first their playoff was it Henry wasn't like 6 years now. How about this throw out there? How about how about I like Philip Rivers to Oakland? And then I like Brady to San Diego. Well now considered la Yeah, that's what you really want it but I like those I like those matchups personally. Philip Rivers has a lot left in the tank. I think personally without the Rings he's definitely a top five quarterback in the league right now and Tom Brady is Tom Brady, but I'm telling you you don't want to dump the entire organization on one man shoulders that literally has not that much left in the tank the purple play I could argue that Philip Rivers does not that much left. Either that I don't think something to wear and also Rivers does not have a ring to show for anything. But there's no I in team Philip Rivers Betty. He's been he's been the main person is entire careers our own illegal. They had a top-five defense couple years ago and didn't have anything going on with it. Keep going on. It's the running back named Austin Eckler Houston Eckler. You know what threw me off today? How about all the NFL football players on Twitter coming at Tony Romo for set a record breaker? Oh my gosh, it is versus the NFL's professional pay is completely separate whatever Romo's making and I forget whose common it was on Twitter. I think I saw it was Odell Beckham's about like, oh, I'm about to quit Sports and become political comedy because the relays Tony Romo. He works ass off to get where he's at it because the blades before that is pretty sure he signs wake up and you're a natural at certain things that this man does in a broadcast was but it gets really phenomenal watching take in like it just blows my mind, but it makes me kind of like Wonder like holy shit like damn and he's getting paid all this money throughout the next three years guaranteed 17 million a year and that if the CBS deal goes through with NFL, it's an added seven. So for 10 total years has a possibility of making 17 million a year. That's a lot of yeah. He's making a lot. That's a lot of knowledge. He look good drinking Corona Joe will play but I'll tell you right now. If you want to see positive results early from the jump. You gotta surround them. You got every sign AJ Green to an extension or build. Yeah, after you have to prove your improve your offensive line play and you. Get a lot more out of Joe Mixon than just being a one cut running back. That's fair. The defense asked him. Where's to ago in the Draft Duels going surprise pick? I'm taking 2 up to the Washington Redskins. I just saw. Yeah, but he said that it's believed that Ron wants to up to compete with the way Haskins for the starting job. So which means Chase young now falls down. The third overall selection, which I don't remember exactly. Who's that that pic but honestly the last three or four years in Washington Redskins have drafted defensive lineman. Anyways, you can't keep wasting these these golden picks on people that are you saw of sweat yourself Ryan Kerrigan who has a lot left in the tank. You have Allen's a pretty solid football player. You have a couple of the back of defensive tackles that are definitely Stout. So ESPN's Bill. Yes Pam thinks that Washington's going to take Chase young Chase. Are you so much? You can't drive to I think two is a better fit and a better pick than doing tasks. Like I said to be the do you got my firstly I don't know with with with the injury. I mean, we really haven't seen him play since he went down on the injury Granite. He was a insane Talent probably what a change the league. Oh, yeah kind of like Lamar Jackson the the arrow the running quarterback is taking over not bad for running back. Yes, and I just I don't know if he's gonna come back playing the same as he did after that injury might be a little wary, but that's I gotta be I got to be brutally honest with the boys right now. I love shoot about sports. But I'm not here for Sports Talk. I want to talk about some funny shit as Sports a good we can definitely hit a couple topics on that but I definitely think there's a lot of people out there that want to hear some funny shit about our opinions. Yeah. So like I definitely think we should switch up the topic a little bit right now. I heard you talking about what's the difference between chicken nuggets and chicken bites? Oh, all right. I like that one. Yeah, so let's get on that. Come on. It's nuggets invites on and what makes me different. I have a rebuttal. I mean ready. I feel like a nugget is more of a processed type of meat. You know what I mean? Where it's like you kind of grind up the rib be you know, my throw some chicken feet like that. It's like a hot dog. Yeah, and then you're gonna you're gonna yeah, that's a chicken hot dog chicken nuggets. And then also I would say that they brought it. I get that but let me finish. Okay cooked it continue. So when you think of a nugget where you thinking about you're thinking about Mickey D's. Yeah. Yeah, that's amazing that comes I can hear thinking about some chicken lights white meat if you guys didn't see it through some quotation marks there are native made in this area. I mean if I'm thinking chicken bites like my idea like Chick-fil-A is more like a I don't think they're like nuggets like they're small. They're very small. Those are pretty close to the lights their bites. I think they're mislabeled and it's frustrating. I have never even thought about that's example a is blowing my mind right now. Oh chick lights. Awesome the time you get chicken bites. There's usually they're in some kind of you're gonna you're right. That's the big thing all that sauteed chicken nuggets. Take the chicken other fires notion of you went a little brother hyung. It's in the freaking firing panting. Okay starts out awful. Don't you chicken nuggets into a nice and crisp crisp nice and crisp nice little sauce going to get a little oil in the pan butter hot sauce to make member Helman. Yeah and you throw nuggets in there with it you sauteing McGregor's are you sure you those weren't bites your chicken nuggets. I think there's a bigger. Yeah. I've been in the mood for nuggets. All I got to do is say this right now. You only $1 29 McChicken has been saving my life. Yes, do not ever make the minimum get in the category of a Chick-fil-A. I'm telling you done. This act is a big chicken with cheese and tomato change your life you tomato guy? I didn't know with my cold hands me. How's that? There's no tomatoes know there's chicken is what you fucking get why? I mean, I'm not gonna lie. pretty soon Can I help you? Not get the disease that only helps her dry. Listen also helps prevent help from them breathing it back. Yes, exactly. A lot of people don't understand. Yeah. Most people don't know but that's okay. I've heard a lot about the coronavirus and a lot of it seems like it's just basically the common flu that we have right now. So we just we just don't have like a vaccine vaccine past like an ellipse ours. That's I mean, which is severe acute respiratory syndrome. So pretty much is a lot of held a lot of elderly people who have a lot of comb. Orbit, conditions are the ones who are effectively going to need to my friend your big words down for a lot of people have a lot of bad conditions or diseases such as diabetes or heart failure are the ones that are probably at most risk. Yeah, but thanks for dumbass allows that and have an idea of what the fuck we don't have a dictionary on I'm just telling you how it is. Um, but also the common flu, I mean there's thousands and thousands of deaths per year from the common flu and it's all weak immune systems. Like you just said, it's good to be back. Early 1700s 260 others are common flu kill you it's okay. I mean people throw around like it's nothing like chicken stove really hit your whatever the scientific goal name is respiratory system and it could kill you like it's that's a listen man. All I'm saying is if I get the coronavirus, I'm Russell making right here. So Lyme disease have a Corona with out alive. Can we talk about the 38% of Americans who are stopped who have stop trying to roll the corona because they're saying it's like to the coronavirus Mark drink Miller like what you're going for your cores, but of course, yeah, if there's no connection whatsoever. I found that hilarious. I don't know how true it is. Obviously like it's on Facebook. So like you take everything with a grain of salt Lake by like to see if that's if that's a legitimate report exact fact check that for me. What if that's like a legitimate report were 30% of people. Stop drinking Corona all because of the coronavirus, come on. I still use your common sense. It's a beard it has no connection whatsoever to a virus hilarious of you think so by all means but it's kind of a joke. Like that's insane. Mexico. Mexico itself has two confirmed cases of the coronavirus have more than the year we have. Well, there was actually like 60 I heard there was like an almost. They thought some kid at like Lafayette College Pennsylvania had coronavirus and actually all I know a lot of the Penn State it's like schools. I studied like students abroad and everything like Penn State Rome Penn State early. They're all calling home. I mean, but then again students abroad. I think I think about now flashback, we're talking like six seven years ago. We were in high school. The big thing going around was the swine flu. Everybody was scared of swine flu and I mean, it's kind of seem thing like it like the print like how you prevent. It is the same procedure how you did with the swine flu like, you know wash your hands like don't put your mouth where it shouldn't be like listen, man. All I gotta say is he's Is people need to stop biting the heads off bats will stop getting these crazy crazy disease. They do eat a lot of you need unorthodox item just cook your food. I was hearing about some I was reading an article. It was some extremely poisonous fish where you have to cook it this insane way just so you can eat it and not get poison for a minute about a puffer fish Not only was a puffer fish for sure. It's full it can be about fish on I think it takes eight years. But anyway understand you have to be like a specially certified chef. Chef to cook this fish. It takes longer than that. We just not eat that fish with me. Marvel character of all time and Iron Man Captain America can't hold his job. Shrimp, right? All right, wait God bless start with and hold on. Let's start with the first and second off. Who else would you want as your team leader? Okay Supple. First of all, we all know Spider-Man is the most elite. Spider-Man is hilarious. He's witty. His video game was awesome. Yeah, they've also had what four Spider-Man's in the last 10 years. And then finally again Iron Man's got Tom Tom Holland. I mean Iron Man's dead, man. There's no come on. He's not coming back. They better not make another one without Robert Downey jr. Because I mean, I just can't look I didn't mean this is you know, did you guys see the podcast? I'm Joe Rogan podcast Robert Downey jr. Are we gonna get copyright? You maybe not. I don't know but it was fearful broken might kill us. We're Boys Everybody. Wait. He said he said Robert Downey jr. Himself said I would not come back on unless there was a significant reason to all we gotta do is find a reason we got him back a hundred million dollars a pretty good reason. I mean to be honest with you know, eventually like it definitely in our lifetime because you I mean you see it time and time again, they're going to remake the movies. I mean the whole cast be Because think about many remakes that like our grandparents have seen like they recycle the same material but do I think that anything like that goes for every character that played in that movie like Chris Evans as Captain America Robert Downey jr. As Iron Man Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow, like they're all they were built for those roles like they even match the comics like Robert downard Robert Downey jr. If you compare him to the comics like back in the 60s that they look identical. Like the It cereal most like he was made for that role although he changed the character in the comics. He's not really that funny. Oh, no, he is in the movie. Yeah, if you're talking about characters that resemble comic books. What's the owner Marvel the writer? You know, you like don't we got it done? Oh Stanley the one some tanning guy. Yeah. What's today's been Stanley met Tom Holland. He said this is exactly what I pictured as Spider-Man. Yeah. Well, I think Ryan's great Ryan Reynolds and Deadpool. I mean, that's my favorite my favorite character in Marvel Universe. I'm almost positive that he bought the rights to Deadpool. He now owns like he liked the character, but he's Rich right on those. Yeah, I believe I heard that. Possible but I did I didn't hear that. That's his favorite character. It is his favorite character. That's why he did it in X-Men, but he hated the action. I mean, he also makes fun of the Green Lantern because he did green light green light switch. I thought the movie was good and I liked it for the time. He didn't like it apparently, but I thought it was all right for the time period though like the CGI and effects were state-of-the-art. So yeah. Time the movie was good by today's standards. Definitely not they can bring you a Green Lantern look 20 times better, but will they ever probably not no. No, but I still think one of the best like Trilogy like kind of things show like the movies going long Transformers had to vent. I didn't really I didn't think they made one bad one that all the good movies. They haven't been one veteran. All right. I want to see my mat one more. Don't get me wrong. I love Market mark But when he came on those movies with them. Well, I mean when I was the guy that went crazy Shia LaBeouf Can you do? No, I'd say they're here. And is this Bruce? I love it. He's like he's a funny rapper in the studio. But on the freestyle, he just murdered even in talks with the morning like the his first one where he was like talking about bending over Michelle Obama. Whoa, whoa big big barn and just drop out there is little Dickie like that probably should shirk some shrink. Some homes. Just took some home six homes. Oh, I was too worried about it. Yeah. What what? Oh, yeah, that wasn't a good soldier boys used to be the hot kiss me through the phone. Whoa. Again with a shot at wasn't it wasn't this this producer does I don't think I think her times but know someone someone died and somebody someone I know that was about to order Taco Bell on his laptop. We have a legitimate issue. Yeah. You have a nice my mama. Take the day after let Zack dropping a hundo down and just now to the Domino's delivery driver if you're not twice, and he doesn't answer. He's out. He's asleep sleep. Have you guys ever fell asleep? We had almost no, so I have and my bat. Okay, what dominoes didn't actually charge me. So shut up to Dom. Yeah, that's good. No, I actually live on the Porsche next morning. I was like, wow, I'm going to find like my cheese together. They want to just let it I mean I like what do they take it back? And let's ride was like, yeah. Yeah, I delivered that order. Can I ask you guys a Dunkin or Starbucks person by person never had Starbuck. I got it I do. Shot espresso with extra whipped cream cherry filling and like all this other shit and she's like, what do you want? I thought I was just here for coffee. Like what what the fuck we doing. What do you mean when I want a medium coffee cream and sugar? Yeah get that like that's crazy. So, I mean I lied when I said I didn't. Music for you guys wanted food. I got your food be happy. I'm a good friend speaking of good friends who road trip speaking of good friends. Who's the one that put the small penis big truck magnet on my jacket from wait. What? Yeah, what might be why don't you guys wait wait, I might then I was driving around for two days. But that shit backfired bar. Everybody's got me the worst with Anthony's graduation like photos. I found one in my bread, but I go to sleep. I lie down in my bed and I look up and there's Anthony on my ceiling. I literally took out like six sandwich worst of bread and then All this is you hurt me. Here's what is here's the hats.