Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our guy.These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the water in their body. There are three major rivers moving through China. The Yellow River the Blue River and the Pearl River. It is the Blue River that passes the city of Muhammad. And with this meditation, I would like to send healing energy to the water of the Blue River this River starts in the mountains of Tibet and moves through the China all the way to the East China Sea. Many people receive the drinking water from this River wouldn't it be great to activate the Vitality of this water? So please join me in sending healing energy to the Blue River and all who depend on this water. make yourself comfortable and relaxed just focus on your breathing. And visualize a golden light entering your nose as you breathe in. And a golden light as you breathe out. As you get more and more relaxed you can see the source of golden light coming from the universe entering your crown chakra. See how every cell in your head is being filled with his Golden Light the cells of your neck. Shoulders arms just every organ it's being filled with light. All the cells in your body breathe in this pure and Golden Light. Every organ in your body is being filled with his beautiful healing light. You can see how the light is moving through your body. Your legs your feet and it floats into the Earth deep in the center of the earth. There's another source of light and you see how this light is moving all the way up to the surface of the Earth and it is moving through your feet. Your legs your spine. all the way to your heart and you can feel how the light is expanding. And expanding expanding and you can feel how it raises your frequency. It raises your frequency. You become fully aware that you are light. Now imagine you're sitting in a beautiful place. somewhere along the banks of the Blue River you have found a spot where it is quiet. Peaceful and you can enjoy the warmth of the Sun. Enjoy how the light of the sun is playing with the water. Of this beautiful river that stretches all the way through China you can bring your attention to your heart space. And feel the energy of love coming from your heart. I visualize this love as a golden light of golden ray of light that is coming from your heart. And you can send this ray of light to the Blue River. Imagine how this beautiful light is spreading through the water feeling every drop of water in the Blue River with his healing with love. And purity of the golden light. See how the water is sparkling. His Golden Light the light is clearing every drop of water or any substance that does not serve the health of these water. All the lower energies are being transmuted into high vibrational light. And just allow yourself to feel this deep love. healing the purity of this Golden Light is flowing through the Blue River. All the way through the river. And as we are sending Our intention of healthy vital water that is charged with the Purity and life force. We may thank the water for sharing is stream with all the people who pass this River. Who live near the river? travel on this River and you can say goodbye to the water knowing that you can return to this beautiful and wonderful place anytime that you like. And slowly when you are ready, you can focus your attention to your body. In a moment. I'm going to count to five. And at the count of five you will be integrated back into your body one. Take a deep breath becoming fully aware of your body. To breathe out. You can move your muscles and be very aware of your physical body. Three integrating back into your body completely. for fully aware of your physical surrounding five fully awake and integrated back into your body feeling absolutely wonderful. Thank you for joining me this meditation for the Blue River and I hope to see you next time next meditation by and have a wonderful day.