What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money from your podcast right out the gate.No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm not gonna lie that's important. We're has one through a hundred on the back. Okay, wait, and I didn't even see the back of it. What and the back of it has one through a hundred and a hundred thread. Alright? Okay. Alright. So the bomber that's yeah. That one's actually sick that that one I do like Biting the back pain. Yeah, I think I think that one's like the only cool thing but that's creative. That's fucking cool that think that's sick. I like that. Yeah, and that's why I like I've like their other drops. They've done like obviously there aren't any other ship. It's like it's cool and weird if I could get it right here. That's how that's how hard that. She's like hitting your head lighting is a little intense. All right, what's up guys and welcome to the first episode of wavelengths or the wavelengths podcast. We haven't exactly. Yeah. Made one commits the shit. We haven't figured out what we're going to call it yet. It's going to be either of those two, but this is the first episode most importantly of our podcast with the three of us. We have been trying all this happen for so long and partially through user error and partially because we got fucked But there's a lot of conflict a lot of there's a lot of inner conflict. All right, what do we say yesterday? It was like August of like 2018. So it's a whole but yeah: a minute initially announced that we were going to do this podcast on the CX house round table that we did with Jesse at the old CX house, or I guess not the old CX house at the CX house. And that was August. Yeah, I mean, I guess 80ml. Either way, I don't know. It's been a long. I don't think it's that important. It's been a long ass time. Yeah, we've been we've been thinking about doing this for quite some time. I hear we finally are but we think you know how it what's call it at first. We got to introduce ourselves. That's like podcast standards. Yeah. Come on, boys. I'm proximity or coal. Cool AKA: Kaa proximity a how did I mess that up? That's how I should have said. Hey he had to do it to him today and today today today. I am Samaritan Samaritan Justin Samara Texan dude. I never made that joke before my name is Summer. I'm also from Texas. I'm Clay is our fucking podcast for snotra clicks emerge. I replace the joke. I'm reclaimer but replacement for vacancy purposes. Alright, Tennessee mer retentive see her, that's me, and I'm proud North Carolina midi doesn't really fit. So the reason the reason that we called this wavelengths is a little bit of an inside joke between the three of us. There was a it was a Family Guy joke. I don't remember exactly what episode it was from but and I can't this is from the peterotica episode was a night because he was yeah it was that was author. Yeah. Yeah. He was doing a book signing. You want to you want to explain the Cutaway? I mean, I think you should play the Cutaway can't you? I mean, you're going to be editing we get away from me get away with it. Yeah. There you go. I'm such a huge fan of peterotica. Yeah you go. Thanks for reading. Hi. Would you be offended if I told you your prose suggest some male working-class version of Emily Bronte now, would you be offended if I said I like to use your ass is a bongo drum. Yes. Well, then we are on two different wavelengths Peter Griffin. Thanks for reading. I just kind of wish it so that's where we got wavelength essentially whenever because we hang out so much and we spend so much time. Together and so much time talking and playing together that at this point, we're like finishing each other's sentences and shit. So whenever we do some stupid shit like that, we always say that we're on the same wavelength or this wavelengths. Yeah, we'll just kind of like if we make the same joke at the same time or something. We'll just lie wavelengths and then we'll like, you know, it's bad there it out because we're like we had the same joke in mind, but it's like really we're just fucking losers and we hang out with nobody except ourselves. But of course when we visit is and and all Family Guy jokes. Yeah most of them, right but anyways, so yeah, there's the name of the wavelength podcast, but actually the three of us been friends for quite some time. We came together you guys, you know, a lot of guys might know us from the content we made together on YouTube, but we actually have a group chat or like just a texting group chat of just three of us that we've kept active for like four or five years or something. It's been so the first Las Vegas event. Yeah, so we a little bit right? Now is before that because we renamed it after that but yeah, so we basically just like at some point we had a group text for some reason and it just never quite died and it's been Super Active ever since so the three of us have always kind of just like I had this long ongoing conversation about whatever it is, you know, we'll just drop some stuff in there but we've always kind of talked about the three of us should do a podcast because the three of us have had that group chat and we share thoughts all the time. So yeah, here we are we finally are doing it. And yeah, we're going to try to you know, how often are we trying to this podcast? Casting actually, I don't know if I really realized um, we're just gonna see how this goes. Maybe yeah once a week or maybe if we got them this week. It's not a big deal or obviously the the main point of this is just to get it out there see with your chin is and then we'll adapt accordingly. Yeah, because like this shit could flock no one's gettin. No one could watch that's true. That's true. But the name of the game here is content, right you're trying to try to push it out there. So yeah, and you know, it's probably gonna be filled a lot of Halo discussion also just Stories stories from events that we went to you know, just kind of you know, hopefully if you're a fan, I mean if you're a fan of us on our content, you probably enjoy it. But if you're a Halo fan you're going to find a lot of hopefully good discussion here, you know, maybe you guys will enjoy it will be cool and it could be something that leads into Infinite well because we can then talk about infinite and everything about right. However, I mean when infinite comes out we will have no shortage of topics to discuss. I'm sure exactly and so we don't know exactly we haven't exactly defined what this is going to be. There's no set rules for this or anything. So this isn't going to specifically be Halo news or anything. We're just going to kind of talk about whatever we want to talk about because we feel like the main point of this is just the the conversation and the content and shit. So right I mean, yeah, we've kept our you know, we've had our group chat conversation private for years, but now we feel like maybe it's time to share some of yeah some of it with the world. I guess it will it's in the It's kind of interesting because it wasn't us three at the beginning. It's interesting how that developed because yeah, I think of the three of us together so much now but I don't even remember how that ever got started because the three of us met not like cuz ya not not in a direct like three of us the same time way. Yeah cool and Justin were teammates and homies and then I came along later enjoying: Tyler's team. And so we were Justin and I weren't even on the same team. We weren't even playing together. We were playing against each other. Yeah, I fucking hate a clay at first. I was like fuck took my teammate, you know, yeah. Yeah, actually I was teeming with Justin. Yeah, and then tell her I left and then we ended up team with you. Yeah, and then like I I don't think that me and Clay really became friends until after our first scrim where we just fucking bullied clay. And yeah after that were like, all right, whatever like no beef. Let's just fucking play together whenever what can I seem to remember? I think I went out of town for a bit. And you guys ran a bunch of AIDS and then I came back you guys are like homey. Yeah, because that shit was hilarious. Yes. It was maybe there isn't he because it was whatever they're changing the rule sets weren't they? And it was me. It was me and you and like Brett and and like Dallas versus like Troy Tyler or yeah, it was like something and we made a video about it was like the god Squad the god eight squawk. Oh, yeah. It wasn't even it Tyler. Like straight up like after the first game was like I'm not fucking playing this guy. No, it was like it was like three Maps. We like we were playing them and that was the first later by the way, that's where the first later came from wider. I flew out noscope Dallas on the Maze and screamed later, but we won three games in a row and we ended up like we were down like 4945 or some shit in the Slayer and ended up winning. And after we were up like three or four oh and we had one that mapped. I was like, I'm not fucking playing this isn't fair. Yeah, because I think Is me, I think it was me clay CJ and bread not even fainted. Yeah, that sounds that sounds right. Yeah, it was like it was like Tyler Troy Dallas and I think is that you can't link. I don't remember his gamertag. I just remember his name just not even fair dude. Well, you know RP them. It was a thrashing it was bad. Yeah, and we were that's what her know we was talking shit the whole time. Yeah, so you two bonded over that and that's great and then I was still team with Clay in the Justin. I've always been friends. We team did not team on and off for since 2014. So we've been friends the whole time. We've like always always always games. I yeah, so I only dropped you. I think it's a one-time not wasn't what I wanted to do. But look man, I joined your team then like your team made me Captain but in like four days and they're like, yeah, you gotta drop Justin. I was like, okay, I guess you wouldn't know because doesn't experience Justin so Bliss that's why that's back when you know Vector such you're an ambassador to the point where you think that it's important to figure out who's Captain and it's like that none of that shit fucking matter is dude. Just go in the game. Like just go skull with that shit bro, just go that's for that was bad because that waiver kick chats were thing. We talked a little bit about can we talk a little bit. I want to I wanted to break away live in like mentalities and competition how that's changed over the years like from our perspectives all of us. None of us being pro players, but like He's seen a lot of improvement through ourselves only go ahead and learned a lot of things about the scene met a lot of people and learned a lot of things. It's it's I think at this point it's a pretty good understanding like we haven't talked. I know me call haven't talked to Clay about it like because this motherfucker play video games with us, but that's a different topic for a different time. But me and Cole. He's like, we're at the point where it's like, all right, we just got to cut the bullshit like this is shit that literally just doesn't matter and like There are a lot simpler than it seems and it's like why did no one just sit here and tell me this. Yeah. Yeah, we've been talking about that kids like whenever back in 2016. I was just working my YouTube channel like montaging and stuff and like that's one of my brand new starting to grow. I was getting up close to like 10,000 subscribers on YouTube. So I was like pretty folks and just making like Halo Centric content pretty much about any new updates and anything that came out just like, you know live comps and stuff but nothing nothing sweaty. That was never a goal of mine. But then 2016 Rolled around I got interested in competing because I knew it tournament was kind of close by so that was like became the focus and like the things you prioritize when you just like are starting out in that regard like I can feed a little bit in Cotton stuff before that and a little bit table for but like going back into it after not doing it for quite some time and then like kind of having no real guidance on it like coming coming into the meta almost a year after the game released. It was almost a year later and I had messed with any like there weren't any open lands for the first year. It was all like online stuff. The pro-league stop. It was weird. It's really weird. But at Chattanooga was the first open Event. Yeah, and it was right. It was a minor. It's just like private funded minor. But uh, yeah, it's Chattanooga van 2016 2016, Chattanooga. We went to the first day. I went to the first up and laugh and laugh. Actually. I didn't think about that. That's fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so but we got prepared a month before the tournament. So he came into the Meadows super late about a year behind everybody else and we we're gonna have a full team decided. Because we didn't it wasn't for sure whether I was going to go or because at this point I was like 15 or 16. When was Chattanooga 2016. It was a 6 September. It was like September and second. There's yeah just the start of the month. I was like 15, I'm like that. Well, yeah some high school. Yeah, you must have been you spend. Yeah, it's like an hour and a half away from my house, by the way, and I didn't include it in yoga as me and my team of two who later teamed up with Cole and Tyler right after this event. Good night right after I was little yeah literally right after this event could not find another to people and I didn't end up going to the first event that was in my fucking back yard. It's just so funny shown up because there's so many people were just like yo, I need your team door teams. Actually. She's so funny though. Like I feel like I had a decent understanding. I feel like a, you know, a lot of us have pretty decent understanding of how the game was supposed to be played but then like what the real difference is like when you're at that level so you can kind of understand the proper way to play Capture the Flag, right like you want to try to get numbers you want to try to get a couple people dead on the other team manipulate their spawn to spawn them in a corner trap them and then kill them when they spawn and And meanwhile, you're moving the objective, right? That's pretty standard Capture the Flag meta right and could all agree. Even on any Matt. You kind of just want to push them spawn them out of their base and like in a corner of the map trap them even with very few options at the fly moving. It's like we kind of understood that but there is a disconnect and this is I think one of the hardest parts I think we've gotten a lot better about in recent years. I think it really shows is that actually working with your teammates though? Like I think there's so much of a mentality back when you're playing at that level where you think that your teammates are supposed to just have Your help and that is true. But what you don't think about is how you're supposed to be having your teammates help at all times. And I think that's the big difference is that you realize that you prioritize the completely wrong things like sure you know what you need to get done on the map. But in order to get to even be in that position, you need to win the fights in the first place and get the control the map and like that that comes like being as efficient and helpful and all around the map as you can like at all points in time the responsibility falls on you as an individual get your teammates helped to stay alive long enough to get your teammates help and do all that stuff. Yeah, I think we see a big difference in that. Yeah, I'm like, I think I think the easy part is like getting that sort of setup. I think the harder part that like we started learning now is just like the the team work that's needed to react properly to like what the other teams doing. Yeah, it is. That's why I'm saying that happens more individual level. Yeah, and it's just like oh, yeah, it's Pete. Okay, because I think the biggest problem. would be like Is what you're saying is someone's like running the flag and they die. They're like bro, and then you're thinking that someone else had their help and that person's like oh, well, I thought you had my help. So everyone's like playing as an individual assuming someone's helping them instead of just being that help. Yeah exactly right being that helps the difference and I think that comes from like having a lot of awareness all the individuals having the awareness to know exactly how they can be helpful in that situation. But instead like you get shit on like you beat most people online, but then you run into one. An organized team and get fucking thrash and then you go and the theater you're like, what are we doing wrong? And you're all the right spots, but you just got to have my help here. It's oh, yeah, you're right and then you go back and like everybody does the same thing shit lately. Yeah and thing is it's not even like that was something that like, we broke a long time ago. I feel like it's something that we're just now no I yeah, I feel like I'm in now starting to like of that like being back. Esther it but 25th. Yeah, I mean 20 it's taken time. I mean obviously some players develop quicker on that and I don't really know I think I was right. Like I said, I wish somebody would just have sat me down and then like here's what you're fucking up on because it's like you're right here man, you could do the thing, but you're just you're just not but yeah, I mean it takes I don't know it takes some time. But I also think that it's I don't mean it's like it's hard to explain. It's like it's so much more simple once you like kind of understand it but like you have to understand like what you can do yourself as a player and teammate and yeah that's developed. I think more within the last like since 2019 for me understanding usefulness that you can provide on the map. Yeah. I feel like I feel like a really important part of the process too because you guys mentioned the once you run into an organized team you get you get slapped. I feel like that's an important part of the Says that everybody has that moment where you know, you might be getting kind of good. You might be you can shoot straight. You can hit some shots with the sniper, you know, you're winning some games and your playlist or whatever. But then that first time that you like in whether it be GBS or like a tournament or whatever or maybe even screams or matchmaking first time you run into that tournament that tournament or that team that just shits on you the just rocks here shit and you don't even know how that's the because I feel like I for me it was in h-2a Ray in back on the pgl ladders were still up and I played I played a warlord 2 V 2 with one of my friends going into it. I was like problem good in Halo. I'm about to like like I've never competed before but like I should make this close like I can shoot straight. We got like 25 tutor some shit and I remember looking at the film like how to fuck. I don't know. It's such a demoralizing feeling because you think I think a lot of people have this to think this is something that I would suffered from right back in 2016. You have this like, Believe in yourself. You're like you think you're gonna be there. You're like, okay. I'm not a pro yet, but like I can get there and then you're like, I'm pretty damn good though. And I know that I know I'm like one of the top like I'm I can hang and then yeah, you you quickly realize like holy shit. You're nowhere close and that that feels really bad when you realize you think that you've done all this work and gotten so good. But then you realize you still have such a long way to go. I think one of the things that like people prioritize and this is like something I've tried like some that was really trying to talk about what the initial The initial part of the conversation was just like I think people yeah, I think the first time you get like humbled by like an organized team to get absolutely shit on like I think what people quickly focus on are the wrong things like the going to happen to you clay and warlord like you probably thought like I needed to have better shots and stuff. We just got out shot like aw, did we just we were just missing we're just having an off game. I sense. It's like all right, like yeah, you probably do not improve your shirt off but there's like so much more that goes into improving that is just more around your mechanical skill. I think a lot of people possess the mechanic No skill required. They just don't have the intelligence required and that's the big thing like Justin was saying earlier, but you got to drop the bullshit. What you're doing is just making irresponsible sloppy plays and that's the thing. You have to tighten up on you just got increase your teamwork. Yeah exactly to a certain point Li you don't need an amazing shot like shot is something that you can always work on and it's like super easy to work on. Well, like what you're doing and game is like the hardest thing to keep track of is like are you always making like the best plays and Things like that and like what could I do better? And like how do I break this habit? It's super hard to not autopilot that you dislike know running around the man's conscious effort. You have to because like, you know what you're doing we would we would be up on like the best of my God you are biggest fucking problem. The biggest thing I think of is like fucking like strongholds get stronghold is a game where you can get out of hand to stop thinking. Oh my God. Yeah. That's the worst. Yeah. It's the most like it feels like you're in the middle of of an ant hill or something and there's like looks like fucking going nuts like but like it's old fucks gonna will be like shitting on people will be up like 75 points 85 points and then we're like we got this or we're going to start fucking around as soon as that happens, like all of a sudden it's like they're like tied with us or something or they haven't seen the 3 cap and like they are there now, they're up. You can't take your foot off the gas especially in like in game types that are prone to like teams going on runs. So like shit like doubles or strongholds or whatever where if you get a Of your just fucked. Yeah, I know yet now and that's like we tried to pay me nothing. It is exhausting. We had tried teaming though and we'd go over all this stuff. We need to like get better at and we would the breakouts would be strong for us. We'd have like a good first start of the map flag was the worst because we go up by one through caps and then we would all just mail it in bro. We would all just like, well we fucking want so I'll just cruise around the map and then forget when you go grab the sniper and what happens when that that when you're in that type of that's like such a bad thing to do because like a lot of teams do this, right they'll kind of all aimlessly wander around the map and if you have a couple pretty talented players like the three of us can get away with it. We can all sleigh. We don't need too much help. Right if you're planning is pretty average players. We're going to have no problem just getting the kills, but then you're not in the position to help your teammates when they need it. Nobody's in the position to hold the toe pull the flag quickly nobody's in the position to cut off spawns. But you know, that's that's the thing. You have to just be a lot more about where you're moving and why you're moving Just holding forward just cuz there's open space. Maybe that's not with right thing to do, but I don't know. I just think like yeah your mentality as you mature as a player gets much more like stop worrying about trying to Worldstar everybody. Stop worrying about trying to have talent everybody stop yelling at your teammates and expect them to do everything is like you just gotta be way more calm like objectively approach what needs to happen with your team and get it done, which is what I'm looking forward to getting even better about doing some infinite time because we want to talk to be nasty that game was a time I was So I went to dreamhack Anaheim brag about it had a great time. Um know what are the topics I've wrote down I chose to ask you about the event because you went to it. So no. Yeah, it was amazing. So like I mean as far as like I am more liked it because of the setting and like the fact I wasn't competing. So I got to like go around and see all the different stuff not compete against is the best I got this sick hat. I got to like go around and look at him stuff. I got some money match in Smash 4. Good deal, like trying to get deals on shade because this guy was like you beat me I'll give you like 5 bucks off for like 15 bucks off the shit. I'm like, all right, then I'm going to do it. So like I was just doing that. I had a great time but there was something that like because like the because the way that it's set up it's just kind of set up a like every dreamhack for Halo is were like, yeah the Cassidy right there. There's the thing and then the seats it's all the standard stuff. Right? But like one thing I was thinking about that like I'm like, I'm like weirdly excited for I almost threw at the South. I was like nah, this V good topic for podcast was like I miss like the early game Grime like, you know, I mean like where you're like people were out there tweeting nfa's team with twos like you're over here trying to like make move it really feels like you're hustling. Well, I like you're trying to like form that first good team and trying to get these good players and like you're talking on the side about like different things and like like yeah that happens like during like early game but like It's in its prime lever. It's like you're coming towards the end. Like I think it's going to kick up towards like October like October. It's going to be really starting to cry man that Susie game comes out. Like I'm just so ready for that because it's like it's your so like it. You're so greasy at that point. Yeah, you still learning the game to like that's what makes it fun. It's like people get like you see people get better like really quick because they'll start actually learning and like figuring out how to educate People out on the game as like a lot of people are around the same skill level which is like, you know a little above average but still nothing great. And I don't know there's a lot of people interested. So yeah, it's fun. It's fun when there's like a big pool of people to like compete against and like yeah more nowadays. It's like you're gonna find the same people online like the same people that are you going to events of the same people that have been going events doesn't change too much like going to Atlantic City and going to Atlanta for doubles as like a lot of the bracket had similar team showing Oh, yeah, we we knew pretty much everybody at Atlantic City when we played and I am sure of y'all looking at the bracket in Atlanta. No just tonight before the tournament. We were talking about people that we were worried about running into on the bracket. Like we were there's like a short list of people we're just like these types of people are like the players that we know are like really strong in they're going to be tough. So we're not playing at our best like we you know, we're going to catch it on and one of them we ran into round 2 and we got shit on because we weren't playing well, so yeah. Well I paretic do we Were worried about him like he's you know, he's one of those great doubles players and it keeps showing up with those tournaments. Like there's just not I mean like there's always gonna be people, you know are going to show up tournaments no matter how many people are there, but like, you know, and it's more fun when there's just a lot more rather than not that the turnouts were bad for those events either. It makes it sound like there was only like 12 teams as not you know, but yeah, there's like, I think definitely 50 plus double teams in Atlanta and then almost 40 in Atlantic City so I can turn on some sorry, but don't want to make it sound like Esports. Is that for Halo because it's They're still there. Still. I've actually I've thought the participation through the past year or two has been actually really encouraging all things concerning all things considered a playing 10 year old games and stuff. I mean like yeah, I think obviously obviously it's not the amount of teams that you're going to have like Prime like when the game comes out but we've had super good participation lot of teams at a lot of events both for before and side tournaments. They've had you know, they've had Cee doubles at three or four of the events. It's in the past year, which is really cool to watch. I mean, I was like that tweet that I saw from Moses the other day and he had tweeted that only 88 people had ever won a major for before. It's crazy Low Land. Yeah, Spartan and Al-Qaeda were just added to the list after winning and Anaheim last weekend. He sits before last weekend. Yes Halo Esports been going on for 20 years lady's house is haunted and 20 years and only 88 people have pulled that off. That's just like that's just the such a Shirtless people I couldn't even imagine having you know, the owner do some like that. There's a couple discrepancies people were arguing about some of the events that were counted in that list. But either way the numbers close to 100 if not under 100. So I mean like that's just absolutely crazy. If you think about the sheer number of people that have played Halo to think that only a hundred people have ever achieved that status of being like 44 land Champion. Sorry. We were just talkin wild about Halo events in all of my event passes fell as we were talking about that shit. Place is haunted or destiny York where destined for greatness? That's so cool, man. Vince Oracle. Hey, you also you got to think you got to think not only have only 88 people ever wanted event. Haley's words been around for damn near 20 years. They've been having troubles for this shit since 2001. Yeah, I know. Yeah, that's yeah, it's crazy. I think like in teams remaining that's or people. That's wild to think that like that many players obviously has been a lot of repeat players that have won multiple events and that's just wild to think like the majority. Hello. Yeah the majority. I'm right, of course. Yeah, that's why I'm saying the only way there's only 88 people I've ever done it as a couple players win a lot and that does happen because he was that cool of an Esports. I couldnt game like think of like people can be that good at it the where they can consistently be some of the top players in the game that launched that far down the line. It's pretty wild like fucking male a male. He's what 19 areas like 20 years 20 something years or something like that. It's old as fuck and there is a whole era where just five people were just whooping that ass. Just five people by themselves. Just going out. Just getting top five for like years. That's just crazy. What were they called? Again? They called like God's yeah, they are the five Gods. Yeah. Yeah, that's sick. Every single time. I got was at a tournament. They won. Yeah pretty sick. Also, it's fun to think about like we used to watch all those old like Gandhi's old Hegel history videos where he would break down all of the like tournaments Through The Years, you know, You're Hagel one heel to heel 3 and it's just interesting to think about because if you go look at that list of 88 people who have ever won a Halo event the top three are still over 100 girls who walshy? Yep, and they haven't played or won an event since ogre 2-1-1 in 2014-15 and that was the last time anybody out of that Trio one. You want an issue event? Yeah, it was the first stage to a event. Yeah, it's yeah, it's wild it's wild to think about it. There were so many tournaments back then and they want so many of them but interestingly and I heard this on the broadcast in Anaheim the other day, I want to talk about this because kind of a kind of interesting thing to hear from washing himself while she is third behind the over twins in overall event windiest 30, which is an outstanding number the majority are coming he has I don't know handful and Combat Evolved like 22, I think in Halo 2 and then one from Halo 3 p so while she was able to grab championships in the Original trilogy obviously Legendary player you guys should do while she is if you don't but he was talking about the level of competition. We saw at the top on Championship Sunday during Anaheim was also closed all the matches were so close all the teams were obviously so so like strong so consistent they all played each other so tight because all their teamwork is so strong while she himself was talking about how the standards for teamwork in the standards for competition. Nowadays are much harder than they were 10 years ago, you know even 10 years ago and you saying when he was winning tournaments that teams are more organized and the overall meta is more difficult. You have to be a tighter team a better team a stronger team nowadays than you ever had to be in the past, which is really interesting to hear. I would think I mean not to say well she's not a really humble dude, but you would think somebody who was on the know the most legendary Halo team of all time. Fireballs would would love to say well no, it was harder back then when there are more teams there were more teams going to events fact then. But that just honestly meant there were more teams at obviously. We're nowhere near the level that they were but even so even being the Undisputed dominant team for that long. He still thinks that the stands competition a much higher and you have to be better nowadays. Then you had to be back that well. Yeah, especially that's crazy. It's definitely it's definitely like the teamwork like yeah like you you saw the transit that transitioning To your roster came in like no one was out here like baiting and switching for people until a duck. It was all like streaming setup heavy. Yeah, like no one no one did that shit until optic started doing baiting and switching and that was really when Advanced movement came out and that translated back to boots. Yeah. We're like you were talking about this is what we need to do in order to like keep winning. So like even though like a game changes, I guess you would say but like as long as the core mechanics are there the metagame is going Keep evolving. So I think I always thought that it was a little bit ridiculous to say that like, oh like Prime final boss is going to be like Prime talks and it's just like I don't I personally just don't think that that's a thing. I just said they're playing two different games. Yeah, they're playing they're playing to two different games that the metagame is. So far evolved people's mindsets are so different and I just think I always thought that was like a ridiculous thing. I get it if you're out here and you're like, oh like like a boss like they went on that run but it you know, it's different times is different times and I couldn't get any older player who's like out there will be a hundred percent admitted like even mango who went on like a crazy like two-year run where he was the only he was winning every event and it even even now he's like no like we were trash back then like you understand that right? I compared to now like the competition's like harder than ever before so like it like if Todd like, The top players recognize that I think it's time to everyone else kind of recognizes that the game is harder now. Yeah, you like you're saying I think that's just a natural. I mean like if we were just playing chess like straight-up chess, you know, your three chests versus your 50 chest is like somebody who's on top if you could establish yourself as the best by a long shot after 50 years of the game existing versus after three years, like you're probably going to trash somebody's only been playing for three years because there's just you have just so much more information you can the game is going to develop and especially We a game like Halo, you know, when in the team sense it kind of operates like a fighting game. Where a fighting game you can quickly predict the next few steps if somebody makes a bad play if they if Justin and I were playing Smash and he comes in for a smash attack and mrs. Well, I'm going to punish him assuming that my spacings proper. I'm gonna be able to punish him. Right? So I'm going to immediately get a hit on them and then I can probably string a couple combos, but then Justin's going to try to get out of that so I can if I'm smart enough I can figure out he's missed that attack. Now, this means I get to confirm that I get a combo going he's Try to dodge to get out of that combo if I'm smart enough to know how he's going to try to get out of it. I can immediately predict the next step that works the same way in a team sense when you're trying to move with your team across the map you can you can get the kills push them into the spawn, you know, what their next steps are when they're trapped in a corner, right? You know how they're going to try to break out of the setup. So if you're able to predict everything that's happening a couple steps ahead. Then you're just way more prepared and way more like ready and in better positions to work with your teammates to get the overall play done. And I think that's just like a natural if you play the game longer you're gonna be able to predict like what goes on a couple steps ahead. It kind of just makes sense in like it's kind of a domino effect. There's only one natural like next kind of move for each team and if you can think about it faster, then you're just more prepared. Novels, but now I think it that's why I think it shouldn't be like it shouldn't be like a tox versus final boss things like in 2005. It was super impressive that final boss was the best team in the world and that they were so dominant because they were so far ahead of everybody in 2005 and in 2016. It was super impressive that CLG dominated worlds because they were the best team at that time and they were so far ahead of Anybody else but I think they should be appreciated for their own. Yeah, you have to appreciate them in their time and its own and I also think there's something else to consider to like, you know, you'd probably a lot of people people would be like, oh SDK and Cee was the greatest a whole team of all time and it's like well, they're playing a completely different game because like comment evolved spawns are like straight-up broken. So like back then having the top level awareness is I know exactly what they're going to spawn literally right here. I can just stare stare at like I'm gonna get a bunch of kills if I stay right here and look at And like maybe that's what the awareness standards were. Then I'm not saying that there wasn't more awareness. Of course there was but it's just a different game the spawns clearly don't work like they worked in seeing nowadays the games much smarter. The game is much more advanced. The game is trying to offer a more fair opportunity for each team. So you have the outclass them in different ways they used to and that's really what I'm ultimately saying. I'm not saying once objectively more difficult the other but the game doesn't play the same and that regard so, you know, the awareness levels are different the games just different. So yeah, they might share the same name because in the same franchise, but I really Think it is hard to compare which one is technically more difficult right way harder. I think I think what you really see between those two real quick. This is a quick opinion, but I think the classic Halo is it there's a greater emphasis on finite teamwork that still exists in Halo 5, but there's more power to the individual and Halo 5. So individual players can make bigger impacts on the map. Which one do you prefer? I don't know the you can do that in class scale of course individuals can make big impacts on the map. They'll make big but they're usually The power weapon if that's never the case almost always if a player is making big moves on the maps because they have a sniper or Rockets or something. But Halo 5 that's not necessarily required. It also just makes do a lot of damage like you want to tell you want to talk about it. Like I don't know because I kind of want to get into some mouse thing about which was like Like is casting is casting Halo just overall like harder to make exciting because of like how much it is just like a finite like teamwork game like the classic Halos. Are they harder to make exciting than like Halo 5 because it's just not as fast. Well, I don't I mean I was wondering like I've wondered for the past like year, especially with you know, we're playing Halo 3 and reach again, and we're playing pits there for the 9000 time for the past. No, like 12 years. Like how are they are they straight finding shit to talk about I mean in there really isn't it's like you saw some of the pros tweeting ahead tweeting about it. They're saying like every pro team at the top like on champ Sunday so prepared for every situation. It's like it's so hard to get anything done because every team is just so conditions. They've been playing these games for so long. You can't you can't have a team be Leaps and Bounds ahead of everybody because there's not a new game for them to get ahead on. That's one of the reasons that I really like Halo 5 and comparison is because there's only this is what I was trying to talk about with like being prepared for like what the next step is in terms of like how the game goes and that domino effect, but there's really only so fast. You can play the classic Halos, even if you're aware of exactly what the next five steps are. But in Halo 5 you actually have the ability to be quick and reposition yourself and if you can get the drop on somebody if you know that they're going to get this certain spawn, but you can quickly put yourself in a quick little position to get behind. Them if you overextend really fast because you can do it, you know, you don't have that option to class Halo. You still only have your base movement speed you can make like creative plays and big impact player in different ways in Halo 5 as long as you're extremely, you know informed on what's going on if your awareness is high enough and you can be a couple steps ahead of the other team you can make those types of plays. It's a lot harder to do that sort of thing classic. So I think like yeah in terms of like shaking up the meta rather than watching the same game type every time. Yeah, I think Halo 5 is great for viewer experience if you watch reach, you know sank flag. - it's the same it is the pick any team. It's the same viewing experience every single time. It looks the exact same every single time it goes to time every time it's every time right, you know, that's you're going to find that 15 every time every day every time. Yeah. Yeah, because I think what makes her like a good spectator game is is gameplay the gameplay good How like the game actually looks so I feel like vibrant colors are like very because looking at gray Ford shit is shit is fucking like I feel like I'm it's like watching us like a TV that just has like static like I don't want to fucking look at that and then and then like commentators like and like commentaries can only work with like what they have. So if like the game is gray and the gameplay is boring. Like what the fuck you gonna do? Yeah, right. They can't yeah they can. I can't I can't but but like I'm just that's why I'm trying to think like is it the game is the commentators? What can the commentators do to make them more interesting? Because like something's gotta change. Like I feel like there's just not that energy and it's I mean, I'm trying to figure out like where where you can where you can improve on that. I think that as a competitor, I think yeah, it comes with a new game is like as a competitor going to reach and you know, I don't want to be like You're never going to be the pros because they've been playing for too long. It's like that's not true. Right you could sure you could hypothetically become better than them. But realistically if you will like to enter in the AM seen right if you wanted to get on an AM team if the three of us found a solid forth and we worked our ass off like there's still only one way to play sank flag and mantras better at it than us. They're just gonna be you know what? I mean those guys are they have way more experience in those exact same situations. There's really no just get better. Sir, get nasty like there's such a limited window of what you can do in a game like reach versus the game even a game like hell if I there's a limited window of course, but there's still a bigger spectrum of what you can get done and that's why I think going back to a more classical that would honestly be a mistake I think going back for infinite. I don't think they're going to do that because they're not making the game for the old fans. I'm sorry guys. Just not the what's going to happen. But I do think that would be I think that would be a regression of what we've done and what we've seen with Halo 5 and what is potentially possible I think going backwards makes it more slow because I mean I just ultimately it's going to come down to more finite better teamwork and we're going to have a much much harder time doing that. It's going to take us a long time to develop what years and years of conditioning these Pro players at the top have already learned in terms of like finite teamwork. But like, you know, there's much more inventive ways to play the game and Advance The Meta and Halo 5 and we saw that it's still progressing they'll if I've met has literally still progressing even five years after the games come out Halo Reach meta has not changed it to damn bit because there's no way to change it. It's the same shit like Like wait what you were talking about where there's like a set number of things that you can do. I just think that giving a player tools for Mix-Ups. Yes for a better viewing experience. Yeah, and like in like, I know that III probably been using like analogy. So other games too much but like I'm a huge fan of melee and like the huge thing is is that like you have this flow chart of what you do once you get this combo started, but as soon as someone mixes it up to completely fuck over. Like fuck with like the other person it's such a huge thing maybe but what if you didn't even have the option to switch it up what if you only have your one approach and now you just have to do it the most efficient way so people are going to argue on either side because some people want well at least classic a low was like, it's like chess right? Because you only have it's a turn-based thing. There's no way I can be faster than you at chess. I can be way smarter than you but I can only work at such a speed that it's one turn each versus like if it was just freestyle like, you know, I the who the bigger brains go to destroy you and it's gonna be way more convincing. I mean you see people get Lofton old Halo 2, don't get me wrong. But no, I mean I agree. It's like you have to have the mix-up you have to have the option to be faster than other people to be one step ahead of them. You can think one step ahead of people in classical. You can't be a step ahead of them. It's way harder to be a step ahead of them. Yeah, like I just think going backwards. I think that's I think we should naturally be allowing players to have an edge on people and it sounds like disadvantaged States. Yeah. I think that should Be a thing that seems like a natural progression of the game. If you look at 20 years ago Cee plays basically the same as as a level 3 in terms of pace because it's very, you know, you can there's you just there's dead buttons on your controller when you play those games, they're literally buttons. I don't do anything because there aren't enough commands in the game. There's just there it's so it is so simple. It doesn't seem like the game. We should be playing in 2020 that just seems like it should be left in the past to me. I think they're great for their time period And I still love them. I still have a blast playing them, but I just That seems like going backwards to have literal buttons on your controller that just aren't there's no point. They don't do anything and that's something and and that's not to say that that you have to keep adding inputs and features and shit in every single one like by Halo 20, there doesn't need to be 17,000 different inputs. But also you got to think about video games in any sport specifically because we're talking about Halo in terms of competition. You got to think about in a different and Looking at it sort of with a different lens because it's not like Halo isn't baseball. You can't play the same game for a hundred years and have it still be interesting to people you're going to have to switch things up and make changes every you know, whether it's every year with Cod or every three or four years with Halo. Yeah, I agree. I think like yeah, we rocked with like the old meta for quite some time and it was great and we showed that and it proved itself to be great because there are teams that that were definitely better than other teams at it. They were God's squads that proved themselves to be on another level of teamwork, but writing like that that times in the past. I think we should just move forward and then the game's naturally getting faster. I think it's naturally progressing that way the interest for Esports is getting faster like Esports provides a unique type of situation where we Control things like physics and you don't have to watch things in like real sports are slow, right? You know what I mean? Like real real person sports or slow games because it's a real person. That's a real person. Right? We don't have those limitations. So why are we worried about that? Like that's the difference between sports and like Esports there like as far as like a spectator goes is that you can keep watching baseball or you can keep watching like a sport because it's a real person doing them and you know that real person has certain limitations. Yeah Everett comes To Esports. You have no limitation on what you put into the game and what you like make of the game, right? So like that's why like games have to keep you moving and like sports necessarily don't have to because certain things are still impressive because like course human. It's a humidity, right and we talked about it's funny because we talked about Esports evolving and Sports for the most part is staying the same and not evolving, but even even recently there's Trends in you know, Baseball and like basketball like they're making they're implementing new rules and changes the rules to make it more spectator friendly, you know, they're making it faster to make it a custard. Yeah, they're making you don't want to wait 45 seconds in between each pit. There's less. Why are we that's so much time. You know, there's there's a pitch clock. There's less Mound visits allowed. There's less time outs and shit. Like I think there was some change to like the shot clock in basketball or something. Yep, like they're trying to make him faster and more spectator friendly. Yeah, it has to be something where like anyone anyone could just look at it and be like all this thick like again fighting games. They just I can I can look at any fighting game and be like this because yeah, it's like a miniature engaging you can see what is action happening right in front of you. Yeah, I compare this all rights. Are you go ahead I'll talk about that afterwards and just just to kind of like cap off like the whole advancement thing. I'm not sitting here saying like thrusters. Clamber all in my ground pound and all that shit has to be in Halo I think. I think tools just have to be in there. Like if you look at if you look at Call of Duty they went from jet packs, and now they just have sliding and that shit's still super fast pace and you still get up with a to yeah, like slide canceling and things like that like you want to talk about button combos. I think button combos are like good for games. No, I can there. I think they're fantastic four games in Halo Halo 5 has one column was a people don't realize they're not called button combos, but like like a ninja maneuver. is like ninja and somebody is a button combo like jump thrusting something bring jumping is absolutely a button combo there's totally there's plenty it's not as it's not as exciting as the obvious because they have an insta-kill one like the bxr what you do but it's a kill one with the ninja sure do like there you can injure somebody that's a button combo and me it's not like a guaranteed true combo but like it's still a thing you can do there's mixing your quickly your buttons right that's true you have a lot more interested in those kind of things were like things aren't super broken but they like add to the game if you have more movement options like wavedashing in in and smash wasn't something that they put in the game specifically like for people for us lighting Halo 5 that was not a thing in the game that's a standard thing that everybody does yeah and like now now players just do that they wave - L cancel like they like yeah it's all it's all like just movement options that they didn't know they gave the player but if that didn't exist and melee the metal would have been locked ten years You know, it would like those types of things existing like the thrust lighting. He'll five those extra different things that allow players to dip like separate themselves. You look at Halo Combat Evolved had button combos Halo 2 had button combos Halo 3 did not there's a few freaky ones that a couple people can do technically there's button combos, but like nobody there was never a common thing to do not like a lot of people figured I'm out. And so basically at the top level like everybody's the same player and that's like what you see in reach. It's the same thing there, you know, you can go Go into Halo Reach right now play play on that the professional setting but competition settings. No no Bloom shoot that DMR as fast as you can it's only gonna shoot at certain speed. So no matter what you can only kill somebody so fast, like there's really no way around it. There's you know, you may lay somebody twice is going to take everybody because the same kill time all around now well-placed grenades and stuff obviously give you advantages in fights and Lake straight makes a difference but no matter what the time to kill is very limited and you know that that just makes a big difference when ever You around the corner. You find yourself in a 1 b 2 it's going to take you way too long to kill two people because there's just no creative flashy way to get kills faster. There's no option for that whatsoever. You have very standard base options. What you shoot your gun punch them throw grenades or run. That's it. This is this your only options and you know and other Halos and Halo 2 you could be XR and a quad shot. You don't like that's a free that'd be a sick shit on play but it's even possible like that's not an easy thing to do, but you could do it and like that's you know, that's Thing that's what I think you definitely need to see in the game. And I personally think that that that type of ability now that's not the two aren't mutually exclusive teamwork and power of individual can totally exists at the same time. They did Halo 2. They didn't Combat Evolved. It didn't heal five totally exists. I think people to quickly get caught up in thinking that that makes that eliminates the teamwork aspect of Halo and then that can't exist. I Just Disagree because I like I mean a clip on it on Twitter a little bit ago talking about it how I think that they can totally exists the same time, but you see you see than others. Eames so many times. It's so beautiful. I think it's so I think it's silly to think that like Halo can't have the same thing that other game like comparing to other games fucking Atlanta face. The Cod roster is fun, like all those players or individually talented and can pop off at any moment and they did and do they also have amazing fucking teamwork and that is the main thing. Thing that they focus on they don't care that they're all nasty individually their focus is on the is on the team play because if your team is playing Super, well, it makes it way easier for you to make an individual play does kind of smell for because I have zero bytes roster to all four of those players were fucking disgusting but together on a team their teamwork was like Second To None. Oh and that's why I that circles back to what Justice talking about. I think it's like dropping the bullshit. They're like the very beginning you talking about. That like that's how you get better and like I think like I think what I've you know, I felt like I'm a very mechanically play for quite some time. But what I've been more focused on recently is I don't fucking care about that. Don't give a shit. I don't give a shit about getting five shots. I don't care about hitting anything flashy. I just want to try to make the play by know what play an easy may I know I can do it because I'm talented enough to do it. I'm just gonna do it and a lot of that I think It's like knowing like when and when not to challenge is a big thing really sure, you know your nasty and you can at the shots, but a lot of times at most the time most the time you should never even try there's just honestly not a point. You can just play way smarter and just wait, you know, this is not the correct. It's not the correctly. I think that's what the phase team does. Well is like they have the ability and they do pop off they make these plays when they need to but they don't go for those plays those Place happened. They're making the correct way. They're playing they're making the correct play ever. There's never like an over from them. That's like an unnecessary overextension. yeah and like and like just a quote that like makes so much more sense now is Myra like I think they were talking to stellar and they're like so like yeah this quote makes the bone it how you feel going into the game always you're gonna do with the game says yep assume if we win we win if we lose we lose and it's just like wait what was that you just do what the game tells you to do like yeah that's exactly what you do like you have to drop all expectations of how a map supposed to play and how you want to play it with your team you take every situation as it comes and work with your teammates yeah yeah because you know it happens on a micro level it's so easy that's a huge problem for us is that as if we're in the setup we're nasty we're sitting on him like that so easy once we're all doing the same thing together we were good once we're doing the game says moment moment that we break we don't know what to do and then all of a sudden we get we get like reverse what yep and that says yay and that starts to wait up no one wanted to like it was a lot of like people didn't know how to like it Pants themselves then to like know. Okay. Well, we have a set of right now or we can just keep fucking rotating and then like we would always get stuck in one mindset where it was either. We're always setting up or we're always rotating them, but you can do both like totally but you just do what the situation and that's that goes back to like part of the mix-up is that if they're expecting you to rush their spawn every time but then you just all of a sudden just it's one of them. Yeah, it's happening. They're gonna be like okay there. Not they're not doing anything. Let's like take this opening day get panicky. They start rushing like random Hills like by themselves and then you're letting them make mistakes. And then you just punish them again thinking that you rotate somebody on regret like three or four times and then just wait up top. Nip or more second just like they're getting their asshole laid off spawn, but then you just find it one time and they panic and nobody's even there you just waiting for him. We tried to play the what we try to play the game one way at MLG, Orlando. And we got our shit waxed. Yeah, that's perfect example of like we had our like well, this is what we do in this situation and they had a counter for that and we kept trying it because we had nothing else. We thought we'd be okay. We had no maximalist. We practiced we played the game. That was one of our best maps to regret Slayer was one of our strongest Maps. We only place that probably twice online. We were super consistent at it. But so we really like kept pushing that same button of like you are playing you are going back to the Moon. All the time. Yeah, we'd be nasty and we'd go up like I remember specifically on specifically regrets layer. There were two or three times. I remember we were playing people that we knew in GBS and we would go up by 12 or 14 kills. Nasty. No, we're just now we're just right little bro. I'm all of a sudden we just lost 50 46 and well I bro, what the fuck and all of us in all of us in the collar like bro, dude. Because again, it was always like what the fuck the my team do but it was really like all of us had the same kind of like, I don't ever anything. So we're all kind of like, I'm not helping anybody pocket and nobody helping anybody. We're just sitting like an old fool. We're up 14 kills. They start getting and then like it's like, can you repeat that? We're yeah you cut out for a second. So it's like so it's like they get our like we go up like a ton and then they start catching a Meanwhile. We're like fuck around whatever and then they get to like it's like 43 42 and we're like, oh shit like we have to pay attention now and then we're frantic and then it's a whole problem and then we end up losing my like two or three pills or we'd win a lot of 49 50s and then we'd have the same conversation every time I feel like they should never we it. Never be that close. Why are we even like we should be happy with clenched up because you shouldn't have done that situation in the first place. Yeah, it's funny if you if you like listen, if you go to listening to a team at a tournament and they win a game 50-49. They're probably yelling. They're probably like screaming High fiving each other. They're probably pumped up. We were at her winning games 50-49 after being up 14 going. Holy fuck not like you want to talk about some real shit. Whenever me and Cole were like grinding for free of the doubles tournament and Atlanta. That we didn't go to. Oh, yeah, they flooded is crazy because crazy. Yeah, that's crazy. It was like it was like hurricane Harvey times to out here in Dallas and I had to take their spot Bros fucking walk. Yeah, it was crazy and then they got it. They got shit on in Tyler played. Anyway me and cult-like you want to talk about critical like if me and cold like like didn't like if it was like 2512 or like Braille like what the fuck we should be like single digit eating these kid that's I mean you're at but that's the thing is like we should have like a lot of the Situation's The Kills that they got to like our goal every time going into our matches every single game no matter who we were playing was to not let them get more than 10 kills that was like our standard and it kept our way of thinking so like every kill is crucial so play your life like it's 4949 every single time and like that I think really helps it's like still affecting me in my casual play today like I'm super super reserves in a lot of situations like preparing making sure that like I'm confirming I'm gonna win this fight before I take it like I know I'm up shots I know I have Advantage you know I think like that's the type of thing you really have to focus on it's less about you know just having an amazing shot and more about just playing every situation as smart as you can with your teammate and that homes through a good communication even if that means like going for a melee just go for the melee it's that person's going to be like oh man you're such a bitch you go for the money yeah yeah you know I think a lot of people and I was suffered from this a lot I have the idea of the best way to play the game and I try to play it that way but then you play anybody who's just trying to win and they're grabbing the green gun and they're grabbing the shotgun if it's their red good there's a bullshit weapon on the map they're grabbing it because they're trying to win and that's going to give you the best shot that went to Pitt as Hydra and it's like something again like just a Nitro Blake Clan I talked about this going in to Atlantic City we had minimal practice but we both were individually very on top of our game and we had both improved a lot esteem players in the meantime there but we were just like our goal is like yo just fucking try to win just make the right plays like if we just play it smart like just make the right plays and then you know we didn't really want to admit mr. what the game said we didn't overthink it so we got shit on by spice I mean it happens but you know yeah that's just what it is just what it is I think it's like you gotta drop a lot of like if you want to get better at the game stop worrying about how you're playing it and just do what the fucking game tells you if there is if there is a green gun on the map you know like the plasma pistols won't talk about right just case it would understand like you know everybody knows it's positive so you can charge it drop somebody Shields instantly and Halo 5 it's stupid good you can swap your magnet almost instantaneously you can get like instant kills with it dude it's only to play against it's kind of challenging use it can be depending on the situation but the point is is like that's your new standard if you want to win every time it go grab that shit because it's gonna help you win it's gonna help you in fro it was I think it was like the second Vegas event where like it was like a close Slayer game of Eden and it was whoever Ace was playing with in the time I think Hydra area yeah and like straight up he was right next to me I was like brother I just fucking stupid they wouldn't have won them have if they didn't have it Like it's true. Well, like it can be argued that the same time I bet he's in there like bro. I won that map. I'll give a fuck. Like I just meaning that was there you guys it's like remember sorry. I didn't mean to cut you off. They also gave me the venous side. I ever said that. Do you guys remember back when it in like 2016 during pro league? It was during like the first season Envy played CLG. It was that Envy team with like old. LOL Town rain, it was a really weird and B Team. Yeah and went to game 5 and CLG was down by like, I'm pretty sure CLG was down by like I like 10 kills in game 5 Eden Slayer. I remember it got till they brought it back. It was like 48 48 and is a stalemate for like two minutes two or three minutes right game five 48 48 and then they finally try to start doing some shit somebody starts moving and I think I'm pretty sure was else. Down started moving just a little bit like looking at Mid cat gets fucking hydrated CLG wins 50 49 and that clip is everywhere on Twitter. And I was like, I was the stupidest shit I've ever seen in my life. I'm pretty sure it was sealed you the one that is not envy but I could have reversed that story. But either way that should happen in pro league and I was like, that's fucking stupid. This is a this is the last like rant. I want to go on we're talking about like stupid shit and and like games and shit. The read Comics to I'm kind of I'm tired. I'm kind of tired of like seeing the tweets where it's like like why they're there people are probably gonna know who I'm talking about as far as like Twitter accounts ago, but there are certain Twitter accounts that are out there that are oh like this is the standard for Halo right. Now. This is what we're going to do like in this like, In this weird, like intermediate like part of Halo. We're like, we're just doing shit just to pass the time in like obviously if it's going to be completely different but if you're like still sitting here, like roasting this shit just because I like the way that like tournaments work or anything like that. They literally just said that for infinite they're going to have Esports engine. If you don't know about the person who runs that shit this man ran the fucking dopest it's ever in Call of Duty like Adam. Apicella Randall is a goat here and dope ass shit all the fucking time for COD and like I don't know some critiques like I get it if you're worried about gameplay or anything like that, but like I don't know. I feel like right now you can't sit there and like I feel like I'm not gonna say you can't because obviously you can't I think it's just kind of its kind of dumb to sit there and be like well well like is this going to be the standard for infinite is this going to it's like no they're trying to blow your fucking minds about what it's going to be. So if things are shitty right now like they're going to look great in comparison. They're not going to show you what's going to happen right now because they're saving it for the fucking game. Okay. It's like it's like if you had if you had those issues like Prime Halo 5 then sure like a hundred percent I get it because that was the game those out but like to have those issues now and like still trying to like talk all that shit. It's like felt like for what like, of course, they're not going to show you all the dope shit that they're going to try to do and hopefully it is dope if it flops it flops. And yeah, you can fucking roast it then but there's nothing to fucking say right now right the gate not out all the cool shit isn't out, but also they put out a waypoint posts. Like was it like a month or two ago talking about Infinite and Esports and they mentioned like the 12-month roadmap and how they were going to be looking into like who's going to run the events and shit how they're working hard in a team what works and everything. They're right and still like trying to sign players. Yeah and still people are like people are like getting mad in the like chats of the dreamhack events. Like we like when are we gonna have the 12-month roadmap and shit and I was like if you guys if you guys can give it to you, but if you guys would go read like they said they were going to do This shit and infinite. Yeah, it's in like in like here and this is why like looking at how like the Cod league is working right now why it's so fucking great to sit there and talk to orgs and be like, hey are like trying to get Orcs interested in to like Halo before they build teams is because if they're invested into the game you are going to get the best competition and Halo because teams are want to get we're going to want to have are going to want to get the best players if they're learning about this game and learning about the men and everything like that. They're going to How to get the best players instead of like getting these like random one-off teams like where you have like like team cryptic or something like that because I like right say like Cloud 9 TS M EG like optic energy say that all those get in there. They're not going to settle for some shitter team. They're gonna want like the best roster ever which then makes the most competitive environment without having to make a franchise league. So as long as like Halo sitting there if like if like HTS is like doing all these things that they say they're doing and it works out right you're going to breed the most competitive league that you possibly can without having to get these to get these organ donors to invest all their money into it. So like Halo is super fortunate for like how bad we do in like ratings compared to other like he's oh yeah. Oh, yeah other Shooters we're super fortunate in that like the developers are supporting us there. They're apparently they're going out there and talking. the orange for us yeah you know that's huge and like me you didn't you don't adjust your ship we shouldn't really have like any tournaments at all right now exactly like you think like and that a last year either everyone's getting super into the idea of Academy League or like be teams like everyone's super into it and other leaks so why wouldn't they do that then if they do like a proper like if they do a proper amateur League or expand league in some way then like they can put their money into younger players or like different players that are coming up in like do those Gamble's and then your Grassroots organizations can get into that and get more recognition and things like that so it's like there's a lot of incentive there really incentivizing like orgs they come in if that's the case plus showing that you're showing Esports engines to show that you're going to have dope tournaments I'm pretty sure like organizers are not organized as but organizations knew that beforehand Like you guys are out of your fucking mind. I think people understand just how big of a deal that is by the way. Yeah. It's a don't know they don't it's fucking huge. Yeah, that's huge news. I mean, right just so we're clear MLG was you know, the main tournament provider for Call of Duty Call of Duty switch to franchising and Absalom made Esports engine. So his next big project not doing the franchise. Only for COD is a low so he is turned his attention towards Halo. It's huge. It's absolutely huge pretty sure the got her start in Halo. So yeah now it's a big deal that he's like turning his Focus right back to Halo. So it's gonna be a huge thing in the thing is is that Adam is getting it like some some teams are paying that like Contracting them to do their events. If Call of Duty teams like Chicago Huntsman and and I think Dallas is also sponsoring them if those if those whore owners or goner like see the value in him that much and then Halo is going to have just like for all the events that's fucking sick dude we're events are going to be the production is going to be great the organization should be good all we need all like I say we but all that like the ACs team needs to do is make sure that it's as competitive and Paris possible and for like the actual Dev team they just need to make sure that they made make a fun vibrant game because right now like we it's all up to the game at this point because it looks like HTS is working their ass off they have this dope tournament organizer like I just gonna say one thing I think like the people that complain about it I think Hunter Jack's pretty much said this in his tweet actually he said it pretty well I'm gonna I'm gonna say a little bit more vulgar I think that he said it he was much nicer about it but basically he's saying like at the events the people there the actual competitors like are happy that the events are there and they are it's all love and people are just honestly thankful to have Opportunity to travel and compete a lot of the people are the vocal minority at home. Like it's okay to be critical of like the broadcast in the Stream quality. I think like in terms of like your viewing experience be as critical as you want you want that to be the best you can but if you're not competing then shut the fuck up about the quality of tournaments. You can't sit there and talk about the equipment. You can't talk about what the experience is like there. You can't talk about any of that shit. I will say as somebody who went to every single event last year - the London event and they competed at a handful of them and bunches of Defense the past like it. It's always a great experience in like you're thankful you get to do it. I think it's like definitely something like even if you don't do well it's like it's a cool opportunity. It's a cool progression to have the choice that if you want to take a game that you love playing so much in everyday seriously enough, you can take it a step further than just playing it online. You can take it a little bit more. Seriously. A lot of games don't even have that and we right now especially right now in Halo with the lack of interest that we currently have over all especially in comparison to the past. The viewership is just not there like in terms of the tournament viewing so late the fact we have tournaments amazing. and yeah yeah it was lucky that we have a venue for luck in the first you're lucky you get to watch them if you if you're a viewer is being super toxic like there could be fucking nun like there could just be nothing very easily could have had just nothing in the two year gap between 20 to 25 in an infinite yeah right they could ever have a reason there has don't have to do next to no Financial incentive for companies to run events for Halo they didn't have to do the whole Grassroots program exactly half the hood they they provide it a lot of things that other I don't know another game that does shit like this and it's because like you I think as a person in the community you have to recognize how much passion is put in to or how much or how much work is being put into the next game like you want to you want to talk about something that's like so Grassroots like like obviously we're all friends with Lalo Mugsy and I'm sitting there talking to him at the event and he's people like he's like he's like yeah I get it if like I get why you're upset if like the if like something isn't posted on the on the Twitter account, but you have to understand that while I'm here. I'm doing in like three to four different jobs. So like I'm working my ass off to make sure that everyone's getting the content that they want and that they expect. So if I slip up somewhere and things I think people just really need to learn to like appreciate what Halo is doing for us and we all need to I think I think right now from now and going forward is that we just have to be more loving in the Halo Community to each other and that we always have to come from a point of understanding and I think doing that will just breathe just breathe success because if if you love your game, and you love your developers and for sharing that to everyone else other people are going to be attracted to that like confidence like they always say like confidence is like something that like attracts other people if you have confidence in your game other people are going to start looking at your game look at Apex and Fortnight both of them when they were blowing up especially the dev involvement was extremely they were they were extremely attentive like they were like what is the problem we'll fix it instantly and people were there the devs are killing it man everybody's talking like yo this game sick and even it is not sick the devs fix that shit in like two days like they fixed it shit it's sick and that was like the that was totally a reputation around both those games when they were first like coming up I think you're absolutely right I mean like I think that's that's where that's where I'm hoping that for Esports that's where Halos mindset is in because like cod had an issue with their tournaments and they immediately they changed it like before the year start the new year started they went from like just doing like couple matches at a really different City to doing like a whole tournament which was super cool yeah but I just think about last year to there like I was traveling for a lot of the MCS going to all to suspect a time I didn't play in those are I played in the one and st. Louis at the in January fun but I didn't I think the detail every so yeah we have but like that was for fun I didn't want it seriously Halo 3 we never never did spend a lot of my year playing Halo 5 clay clay and I are living together for most a year like streaming and she had and you know by the end end of the year there was a landing City and Atlanta both events I was able to attend which is awesome there Halo 5 2 V2 s they had huge turnouts a lot of people were interested it's super excited they didn't have to do that man like they were doing Halo 3 tournaments all year Halo 5 and run his course it didn't three years of tournaments and it was like they could have just not done that but you know as a result I was able to go to them some you know some of my favorite memories especially from last year I mean Atlantic City obviously I did really well that tournaments so like I'm thankful for that opportunity Atlanta came up a little shorter than we wanted to but that's okay I still had fun adding up those tournaments I'm glad I had the incentive I'm glad I had two tournaments to prepare for it like changed my mentality is how I was playing the game it made me feel like I wasn't just wasting time on Halo 5 for infinite it was like oh I have something to work for now and you know that's something I'm very thankful for they just they didn't have to do that you know I think Halo fans are extremely critical but we could and I was talking about this yesterday on stream of like a lot of people's favorite games from the past like halos halos have been remastered over and over and over there are plenty of great modern ways to experience your favorite Halos from 20 years ago a lot of games for 20 years ago just that's it they were 20 years old if they were only on the PS1 do you have a PS1 do you have someone that can play PS1 games nope fuck you too bad you don't get to play it ever again Halo you can play it all sorts of forms it's backwards compatible and all things it's for its HD remastered 60fps now it's coming to PC what the fuck are we still upset about I don't get it like Haley communities fucking spoiled bro we have so much shit people are just like so pissed all times crazy It's really weird because like we're coming from a point where we weren't super spoiled like yeah, Jesus Christ. I mean like because before I like getting storm rifles getting like everything seemed like you had to fight tooth and nail for it and like that's all that you hear from prose and everything like that Frank. Here's a little five we had nothing. Yeah. They yeah. We got the finger pretty much every time it was crazy because everybody know events. No nothing. Yeah, your one your one was literally like nothing we'd Chattanooga 250 Esports is Random tournament organizer that just showed up out of nowhere like yeah. We're doing a Halo. and everyone was like yeah bet pull up it was like at the attendance it was one of the highest attending tournaments from Halo 5 that MLG Orlando was the highest it had 88 teams I thought Emily was but it was MLG so essentially that was a Grassroots organization that just came up and was like yeah we're going to run a Halo and then yeah yeah basically so positivity is key right now man yeah okay yeah we gotta we gotta stop complaining about bullshit bullshit bullshit as a community drop the bullshit and other parts of your life adopt that mentality where you can because I'm telling you it helps everywhere you can just reason with yourself and go groaning shit yeah if you're grown bullshit drop it drop that shit get it out of there be honest with yourself you know it's like you're holding yourself back it's you versus yourself a word bitch oh word shit I hear that here think I think that's gonna I think that's going to wrap it up yeah it was a ton of fun I'm glad that we were able to get that message out I think it was a good message to send out on and on yeah first episode pretty solid it's pretty solid first episode hopefully I mean if you're interested in everything we talked about I feel like it would be enjoyable I don't know too much if you're not super like in the competition and stuff but gravity I hope you guys come back for the hangs here at the wavelengths wavelength podcast yeah I think I think I've broken sign off any final words anyone build a bling bitch bitch