Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when those things start to shift.A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect vulnerability motivation and candid discussions with everyone from Top athletes to aspiring entrepreneurs on what it really takes to follow your passions. My mission is simple to inspire you.To be your best self move with intention and have some fun along the way today. I am chatting with meditation teacher and author of don't hate meditate Megan Monahan. She tells me in that the episode that the practice or literally saved her life something that she got into totally on a whim alongside. One of the most recognizable names in the space Deepak Chopra before I get into Megan's story a quick word from my sponsor athletic greens. I cannot praise athletic greens travel packs enough. I used to feel like I had to pack all of these supplements all of these multivitamins. And now when I'm heading out on the road the first thing I throw to my carry-on is the athletic greens travel pass and that's because not only do they feel like they helped me be my best me. I no matter where I am, but the green spider has the antioxidant equivalent of 12 servings of fruits and vegetables as well as prebiotics probiotics adaptogens and SuperFood. But shaking it up first thing in the morning no matter where I am. I know that I'm giving back to me. I'm taking a step in the right direction to be my healthiest and happiest self athletic greens is offering her listeners and awesome deal. You can get 20 of the trowel packs. I love so much absolutely free with your first purchase just head on over to athletic greens.com hurdle. Again. That's athletic greens.com / hurdle to get yours today. Day, no code necessary. So now let's talk about Megan after Googling. Seriously Wellness Southern California Megan found herself at a week long program at the Chopra Center that awakened her spirit and episode 97 we talked about how meditation has positively influenced her in so many ways and really enabled her to forgive her father who struggled with alcoholism. It was through her practice that she was able to truly see him for who he was An open heart before he unfortunately passed in 2013. We talked about how she left a job music industry and La San Diego and started working at the Chopra Center for two and a half years after that stint after rebalancing her mind body and spirit. She took a leap of faith to move back to LA and start teaching the practice. Like I said, she says it's saved her life and she hopes that it can change all of ours as well in today's episode. We highlight everything from symbol strategies do incorporate meditation into your life. We debunk myths about what meditation is versus what it isn't and also dive into both of our personal relationships with therapy and how it has positively impacted us for the better. I'm telling you Megan is a ray of light her honesty and openness. It just really really resonated with me as always. I love seeing you guys interact with the show on Instagram and Twitter at Emily a body at hurdle. The last week of the lace-ups on Instagram absolutely blew my mind it is so awesome to be part of the hurdle Community. Thank you for inspiring me to do what I do every single day. If you haven't heard of moment of your own - are you just want to say hi. You can always reach out to me over email. It's Emily at hurdle dot U s-- and if you're in town New York City this week on Sunday. I am hosting a live discussion at the New York Road. Runners Hub with the help of New Balance 12 p.m. In honor of international women's day. I would love to see you there for more details head on over to the show notes and click the link in the episode description to RSVP with that. Let's get to hurdling. Today, I'm sitting down with Megan Monahan. She's a meditation expert a meditation teacher. Also a published author. How cool is that to say that after your name? It's the coolest. It's the coolest mag. Where do you come from? I come from I was born in Manhattan. I was raised mostly in North Jersey did a little stint in Long Beach, California, but mostly mostly Metropolitan New York metropolitan, New York. And where do you live now? I live in Los Angeles. It's not much. It's much much much more Sunny there. It's an Audi and warm. Don't have to think about what kind of Footwear you're wearing. You're not all spiteful at the moment Ali. I just I always am reminded when I come back here that New York makes you like not fight for your survival. We don't have to be that dramatic. But but you have to think about your survival more used to think oh you're wearing and while you're walking in and if you need an umbrella, if you need to like Shield yourself from the elements the elements, you have to get yourself places with your feet and you don't have to do any of that Los. Well now it's not just get in the car and something said in traffic quite some time. None of that. All right. Well, I'm always super intrigued to sit down with anyone who describes themselves as a meditation expert or someone that works heavily and meditation because I think the mind is just this like incomparable. I don't even believe that's a real word thing. Yeah, so I'm super just interested to hear about where you started and Obviously, I don't think someone becomes a meditation expert overnight. So talk to me about your humble beginnings. You said growing up and living in California. They think I did a little bit California mostly like North Jersey. But yeah, I didn't grow up with anything relating to meditation. I didn't grow up meditating or having a relationship with mindfulness or even just really an awareness that I could take a break from believing all my thoughts, you know, I know a lot of people that teach meditation that grew up with with a lot of that language language in their upbringing in their conditioning and mine was very just New York. That was my conditioning and it was very charmingly deprecating and self-deprecating and and sarcastic and cynical and jaded and I was a great New Yorker and found myself working in LA in my early 20s in the music industry and being so stressed for a lot of things and a lot of reasons that we can go deeper into and I found meditation because my therapist said you need to do better managing your stuff. Okay. So first of all, what were you doing in the music industry I worked at I did a few things. I worked at Interscope for a bit, which is one of the big labels. I worked for ICM, which is one of the big talent agencies. I was there the longest and so I always I was always an assistant. It was very glamorous and it was the one of those jobs which is what music industry is until you become like a big wig, you know, you get paid very little for a whole lot of responsibility. Yeah, and it was a lot it was long ago. Hours and it was cool and my ego was really fed by the fun things that I got to do in the conversations that I got to be a part of and that was really interesting. But ultimately once I started meditating it was really clear that that I wanted to talk about that and that my perspective and my ability to really my ability to take that world as seriously as you need to take it in order to thrive in it just totally changed. So what are the fun things are doing at this time, will you Like, you know, you get tickets to any show that you want and you get to go to like screenings and premieres and you get swag and you know, like Rihanna knows who you are, you know, like they're cool things about that when you're 22, obviously we on idea if you said knows my name like that's kind of cool for like a 19 20 year-old But ultimately that doesn't you know fulfill you yeah, totally and I'm gonna gives you so much clout with your friends and it makes yeah, I mean, yeah, it's cool. It's cool. It's cool. Yeah. So how first of Paul you mentioned your therapist. So how old were you when you started going to therapy? I was in my early twenties. Okay. So around the same time it was yeah, it was not first my first therapist really, I guess I never thought about that. But what motivated you at the time to actually seek out there P. I was dealing with a lot of stress from my job from my personal life and that started coming through and ways that I had never navigated. Our physical symptoms and challenges and anxiety might be the right word. I don't know if I would have called it anxiety at the time but just things that I hadn't ever had to handle Within Myself and and so I started going and it was incredible physical. Yeah physical I took my gallbladder taken out when I was 22 from gallstones from stress. Wow, it started having a lot of autoimmune symptoms and autoimmune kind of flare-ups. That must have been really scary. Yeah. Yeah, it was yeah, it was not great. It's not a sign that you're thriving when you get non vital organs removed, you know at 22. It's not a sign that things are going. Well, right and yeah, I started to get all these really really awful physical symptoms. Yeah from like the stress in my life. And was that something that the doctor knew right off the bat that the stress was causing these issues or was that something you kind of had to figure out along the way so the the doctor that I went to for like the whole gallbladder? Aang was amazing. She was incredible. She gave me like a great and very minimal scar love her to death, but there wasn't a whole lot of mind-body whole like total well being holistic health. It was very much like you have terrible gallstones and we should take your gallbladder out looking back. I absolutely would not have had that done. So nonchalantly because it's even though you don't need it quote unquote. There are things that I know deal with because I don't have that right and so I definitely because I now have a different relationship with my body and with physical symptoms, especially knowing that they are often coming from or at least in part fed by some sort of emotional imbalance as well. I would have handled that very differently. Were you hesitant to go to therapy at first, you know, I don't remember but I don't think so. Yeah, I don't think so. I I recently started going myself and I'm 31. So God that took me a while, but I recently started going myself and I think there are just so many barriers that kept me. I'm going for so long. I mean obviously accessibility is probably the number one thing that a lot of people cling to when they're like, oh I can't afford it. And you know mostly I just can't afford it. And so that for sure kept me for a long time. But also on top of this idea that I wanted to believe that grabbing wine with my best friend was the same thing as going today. It's not a sound and it's not it's not such a bummer that you know cognitive talk therapy isn't the same as you know, sometimes I can be the Exactly money though. I think if I remember correctly my insurance covered it which made it easy. Yeah, and not not a not a barrier as you said totally in that way, but I really liked it. Yeah, and I've gone back periodically when I've had to work through things and I'm so fortunate that I work in well this now so I have access to so many healers and people that that are just in my life so I don't haven't gone to therapy in a while but I've definitely dipped back in there. Yeah situational things that I just have not been able to navigate through on my own and I needed a balancing board and it's I think it's incredibly helpful totally and I think it's interesting as well. And obviously we'll get into you know exactly what you're doing now, but to hear someone who does you know for so much of their day-to-day help other people through their own issues to be outright and say hey sometimes I need help too. Yeah, I think we all need We all need people or places or things or experiences to hold space for us to have an experience whether that's a healing experience, whether that whatever that might be and that's the thing that I get to do when I teach and when I leave meditation and when I work with people whether it's one-on-one or an event is like hold space and create this container for you to just like let go and be wherever you are wherever you and I do that a lot. I receive that a lot in workouts that I go to with like really certain people that can All that energy for me so I can just like let go and exist and and I think therapy's a really powerful way for that to be in your life as well. Okay, so you make the hard decision to go to therapy and what's going on at this time. Obviously, you mentioned some physical symptoms. But what else is going on in your life at this time that makes you take this leap. Yeah, you know, I realized that all of these physical symptoms that I started having were really a result of not dealing with this huge thing in my life, which was my trip with my dad and specifically like prior to all of these things really like blowing up within me literally finding out that my dad was dying. My dad was an alcoholic and he had liver cancer at the time and a doctor said he has a year to live and that very tangible like timeframe and prognosis and reality is something that I that I always knew I got I grew up with my dad and I knew he was out Pollock and I knew that this would probably Will be something that took him out of my life way sooner than I would like but there's something different about like knowing that that will likely happen and then having you know a doctor in a white coat say your father has a year to live and all of a sudden in that moment all of the things that I hadn't dealt with all of the things that brought my whole life. I would just say to the world or to my parents or to my friends. Like I'm fine. Like I'm fine. Everything's fine. You know, that was my Mo I didn't I thought I was doing this epic job sort of dealing with all the stuff but really I was just ignoring it and saying I'm fine and burying it further and further and further or specifically in my gallbladder and at that moment it was not fine. It was so not fine. And mentally that was a realization and then physically I think that just unlocked all of these things right? And did you at the time I know obviously you're talking about the need to be more honest with yourself and hence your decision to speak with. On but did you at the time open up at all even more to your father or have more conversations with him because of what you were kind of uncovering? Yeah, I mean, especially once I started definitely therapy, you know, I heard some really hard truths in therapy about my relationship with my dad my codependency, you know my for a really long time, you know codependency has such a perception because people say, oh Tim, I'm not going to pain and I can be by myself and it has nothing to do with that could have pendency. For me, it was very much that my well-being was was in tandem with how he was doing. All right, and so the moment that he was not okay in a very real way I realized that that I was out. Okay and my ability to you know, feel like I could control the situation right was so clearly not not a thing and and that just totally shook up my reality. So absolutely I started talking to him about that and and then once I started meditating and doing a lot of work, Started this journey of of acknowledging my emotional toxicity and the things that didn't feel okay and the feelings that I had that were not okay and where there was anger and where there was resentment and I started to really digest that a process that and let that go and then I started learning what forgiveness was right, which is not something I had ever had to really authentically offer myself or someone else or really embody what happens with your father. So my Dad ended up going my dad ended up living longer than a year plot twist and he did pass away several years later and he you know, he never was sober he stayed an alcoholic, you know, all these things that I that really triggered all of my things all of my were things all the you know, all of the things as a daughter. I got to this incredible place with him where I was able to, you know, love him unconditionally and let go of an outcome and and accept the reality for It was accept him for who he was in this moment and and the amount of like peace and and love that can be invited and because of that is incredible. I think that's so valuable. I remember I was driving with a best friend of mine so many years ago and she said to me that it takes a strong person to allow people to play a certain role in your life that you hoped that they wouldn't ya and you know, my dad he and I always were so similar and we were so close. He quit his job when I was Osborne, my mom liked was the breadwinner and had the very like career-oriented path. So she went back to work my dad stayed home with me and raised me for the first five years and is deeply spiritual and and someone who I still have such an immense connection with but he and he's the reason that I found my purpose. He's the reason that I know who I am. He's the reason that I he's the reason for 4 at all and his dysfunction an hour and dysfunction is the reason for it all so you start to think Think about adding meditation and do your routine and at first what does that look like for you? So I Googled it my therapist literally one day said to me because I was having at the time I was having really bad chronic hives for like months on end like 6 months 8 months kind of situation and my therapist May therapist was talking to me and I said, you know my doctor this Western doctor that I'm seeing wants to put me on Xanax. She was like, you know, I don't think you need to be on Xanax. I don't think you have have a chemical imbalance. I don't think you have anxiety that needs to be medicated. I think you just need to navigate your stress differently and learn from a different perspective how to how to process your life. And so I went home and I googled meditation actually an evil meditation. I Googled Wellness Southern California That's how little like That's how little I knew and that's how you know at the time it wasn't what it is. Now there weren't apps there weren't Studios none of that existed. When I was doing all this is about 12 years ago, and I found the first thing that came up was Deepak Chopra and he has a wellness center in Southern California in San Diego, and I called my mom and I said, do you know who Deepak Chopra is and she started laughing because everyone I guess except me knew who Deepak Chopra was and and I said, you know, what? Do you know about him? And is this legit do you think and she said yeah, like you should go check it out. And so I went down there for a day and I scheduled they had doubt it. Western doctors that were there doing total well-being mind-body holistic sort of medical sessions that you could do. So I did one of those and I took a free intro to meditation class that was like my first like dipping their toe in all of this was on the same day all that was yeah just one day. Okay. Um, and so I did this medical consultation and I heard things that I'd never heard before about about ayurveda, which is the oldest Healing Wisdom that is known to man over 5000 years old based in India, you know, the It was telling me to rub my hives and to tell them to talk to them and to say I hear you I'm working on it. I know there's an imbalance like I'm working with you to like develop this whole different relationship with these symptoms and and that was kind of wild but also felt really good. If someone was to tell me to literally speak to my body, I would be like, yeah. Hmm. Really? Yeah, it was so different. Yeah, and the only thing I can say is that combined with everything else that happened that day. I had this feeling of calm and this sense of like returning back to something that I already knew but didn't know right and it was I don't know if I would say it was a spiritual experience, but like maybe it was a spiritual experience Within Myself and you're still working at the record label. I was working. I see I'm at the time but you guys I'm still working these like full-time. Yeah, and I went to this the I went to the meditation class this intro to meditation class and my first thought was This guy teaching it is really hot. Like I wonder if he works here. Maybe I could like take horsehair and we could start dating full disclosure. That was my first thought but the meditation thing was cool and I was into that and and then I ended up going back down there for a week. So I did this one day and I was like, okay, I'm into all of this and buying into this feels authentic these people feel knowledgeable and and I trust all of this and so I went down for a week and it was a really big leap of faith because it was money that I definitely didn't have to spend on this really important. Immersive seven-day like total Mind Body Spirit cleanse and rebalancing. Right and I went down there and after that week it was just so clear to me that that that's the world that I wanted to be in so interesting because you know, like I like running but I was never like you know, what I'm going to do. I'm just going to start running full time. Yeah. It was I had this sense that I could like he'll there and through all of this work and then I had this really driving desire that I guess I would Now call like a sense of purpose. To share this with other people, right? Because I experienced such a profound transformation with with meditation with yoga with using ayurveda and ayurvedic principles in my life. I experienced such a transformation that the idea of helping other people that were struggling, you know, mentally physically in some way. It was just Unthinkable describe to me what it's like there. Yeah. So at the time it was in North San Diego County on the property of a resort called La coste. So it's this very it's like the classic southern California like white with like the terracotta roof and like this gorgeous Resort setting and and the Chopra Center at the time was there and you know, it all smells like sandalwood and you're just getting really taken care of. Yeah. It was just this overwhelming sense of being like loved on. And I think that so often you know, and this can be for anyone whether you're in a serious relationship if you're unattached if you're married, if you're not married so often we feel so alone that we just want that sense of love from someone. So to be able to walk into this atmosphere and just feel so overwhelmed with like this bigger sense of like I got you. Yes. Yes. Mr. Bennett insane. Absolutely, you know, and it didn't hurt that part of that week involved like balancing daily ayurvedic massage treatments and food was beating I was just really like you're being taken care of, right? Okay. So after this week, I have this overwhelming sense of purpose which I mean, I feel like many people that go through there probably feel the same way. And you return to your job. Was that within a year? I knew within a year. I quit. Yeah, and it wasn't that I hated my job or that I hated that industry. It was that I felt such a pole to this other thing, right? And so what do you even know is Possible for you with this pole like it's not like you can just go there and live this life where they're taking care of you all the time. Obviously, you need to make some sort of living out of it. Yeah. I it was one of the first things that I can that I can clearly point to and say I and I teach about this now, but I took such a leap of faith and surrendered completely and was placed in the highest possible expression of the desire to like work and wellness because again much like my like ignorant Googling where I was like, This Southern California when people would say to me like well, you know, I talked to my mom or whoever in my life and it see what do you want to do and I would say well, you know, I want to work in Wellness. That's I didn't know I didn't have any experience. I didn't have any direct skillset right be doing this. I just knew I wanted to work in well as and I wanted to help share what I had been exposed to with other people. And the first thing that I did was apply for a job at Lululemon because that's what you do when you're 24 and in Los Angeles and you want to work in Wellness, right? Apply to a job at Liz Lemon no-brainer, which which I didn't get sadly although. I'm an ambassador now, so it really it all worked out in the end, but I didn't get that but I'm Brown that same time I and I'll just tell you this like quick story. I ordered some herbs from the Chopra Center. So I was seeing all these ayurvedic herbs. I ordered a bunch of online. They sent everything to Allah and they sent me the complete wrong order and I was so annoyed like the New Yorker new was so annoyed and how do you do this? And don't you people that check these things? Isn't right. So I went into that very judgy place for a minute and I called them and I said, you know, I need to I guess send you this stuff back and who do I talk to about getting the correct shipment, you know etcetera and they put me in touch with the person and products and the personal products who is working there used to be my like contact. So every time you go to an event there you have a person that helps kind of walk you through that whole journey and she said, oh my gosh, how are you? I remember you. How's it going in Allah, and and I said, well, you know, it's going Ingrate I want to work in Wellness. So I'm just seeing what that looks like and and after about 10 minutes. She said, you know, I think you'd be so great in this position that's open here. And I said, oh, okay, and she said want you send me your resume and two days later. I went down and I was hired on the spot which never happens there and three days from the beginning of this whole thing. I signed a lease for an apartment that I could afford but like couldn't afford unless I ended up being good at this job. Kind of a situation. Yeah, and I moved down within a week. So you sent them your resume which had nothing to do with you know, nothing. Yeah, how was that where you nervous about that? I wasn't no I don't want and again it's sort of an inning inexplainable sense of trust and surrender and almost like I don't need to do anything except get out of the way. I don't need to do anything except be in massive alignment and integrity. With who I am and like the values that I have and trust that that I will be dropped where I need to be. You know, we get like so in the way of making the things happen that we want to happen in our life same thing with like getting a book deal. I always tell people getting a job working for Deepak Chopra without applying for a job and without having any experience and getting a book deal are the two easiest things that have ever happened and I know that makes no sense because those aren't necessarily easy things to do, but they took the least amount of like external f And the most amount of internal alignment. Mmm-hmm. So talk to me about your first day on the job. What are you doing? So the first job I had there was being a program consultant. So the person who when you want to go to an event or when you need to kind of navigate the various offerings and healing modalities available there you talk to this person and tell them what's going on in your life. And and they say here's how we can help you. So I was I was that person so I essentially just got to build relationships with people that were Just like me at one point looking for healing looking for inspiration looking for purpose looking for you know all of it. And and so I spent about three and a half years doing that and it was incredible and I was exposed because of that job to all of the teachers that taught through there. So whether it's like Wayne Dyer or Marianne Williamson or Eckhart Tolle or obviously Deepak Chopra, you know, I just was immersed in this world of exposure to all of that and to people and Journeys and during that time. I also got certified to teach meditation which is incredible. So that's where I did my training and my studying and and all of that. What's that? Like, what's the process like to become certified to teach meditation? So when I did it it's changed a bit. But when I did it it involved going to a seven-day like 13 hours a day Meditation Retreat with Deepak. It involves going to afford a ayurvedic immersion. So kind of like a crash College course and ayurvedic wisdom. It involved about a hundred hours of home study, like books and testing and memorizing things and learning and then it involves a week of again, like pretty like 13 hours a day prior to teaching practice teaching testing. It was a lot. Yeah. It was more severe. Yeah. Yeah. I see so many like meditation teacher trainings now that are like a quick, you know day long and I'm like It takes so much longer than that to ya body these things and I had the added obviously the added bonus of working there. So I was I was in it, you know, I really left my life. I left a life or about three and a half years and just immersed. I think what's I think what's also interesting and I sat down recently with Knox Robinson. He's a runner and a writer that lives in New York City and he and I were talking about what happens when you do something like hit a Athan personal best and there's also there's almost like a moment where you kind of have to mourn what was and open up to what can be and so for you completely abandoning this other life to now open yourself up to all of these possibilities. Did you at all have moments of hesitation or were you scared or I mean, I'm sure you felt quite vulnerable. I definitely felt vulnerable. I felt extremely Guided by like an internal intuitive Force I will say so it didn't feel it didn't feel scary. It felt so different and new and unknown and one of the biggest byproducts of meditation is this sort of comfort in the uncertainty this comfort and not knowing and and again starting to embody and aligned with such a deep sense of trust and surrender and My life that had already started to happen for for a lot of reasons and and it also just kept feeling really good. So at no point in that in that first three and a half years did I ever experience anything or or have a moment where it didn't feel it could be it could feel scary or I could feel new or I could feel intimidating or but it didn't ever feel bad. Right? And so when you were going through the training to become a meditation Instructor did you know that you definitely wanted to teach? Yes. Yes. I didn't know what that looks like. Right because I because I didn't have any idea what and then it really wasn't an industry at that time. Right? So I didn't know what that looked like, but I felt very compelled to share right? Yeah. I think that I mean because you do hear of a lot of people that go to things like yoga teacher trainings and then even, you know do that again and a few rounds of it and I know many individuals who haven't actually We've gotten to the point where they're teaching. It was just a really spiritual special experience and opportunity for that. A lot of people do that. I love you with lot of trainings. Yeah do it too just like deep in their own relationship with with a meditation practice with the yoga practice with cook it, you know with whatever it is. So also like three and a half years in your living in this completely different place from a personal standpoint. How is that because I'm sure you left behind friends. I'm not sure if your family moved out to LA or what was going on with that. Yeah, so I've always been I don't know. I'm only child. And if that's why but I've always been a really independent. You know, my mom jokes move she would drop me off at like Sleepaway Camp that I'd be like, okay. Bye and she's like, do you want a hug? Like should we have a moment and other kids are crying and you know, I'm like 6 years old like I'll see you later same so I so it fell it always felt really excited still does really exciting for me to go to new places. Like I love traveling by myself. I love going to cities where I don't know anyone. I've always found that exciting and I went to I went to a co-op College College which is a Northeastern in Boston, which is traditionally a five year program and you go to school for six months and then you go get a job for six months. So I had these six months job experiences and I went to LA for all of mine. So I actually went to LA for the first time by myself when I was 19. Wow for six months. Okay, but I didn't know anybody so so know we going leaving L. Am going to San Diego was like easy easy work easy breezy easy with my parents at the time. We're living in Los Angeles. They both retired pretty early. Came out to visit me and then didn't leave for like a few years. Okay, which is great. Okay, so you are a certified meditation teacher and you had this great job, which you must have turned out to be quite good at and was able to afford your apartment. I was killing it. So then what happens next? So and I think that there must have been a part of that intuitive voice that said you need to leave before you get too comfortable here. Testing because I had this all not all of a sudden but for about six months, I had this very burning desire to leave and go back to LA and teach meditation and I again kind of like the first time I had no idea what that looks like or how I would make money doing that. I had no clients and and I did and I quit my job at the Chopra Center and moved back to LA with no and I'm not necessarily advocating major life leads to face without a, you know security Nestor blanket, but Um, I moved back to LA and I started quote-unquote teaching meditation and I had a side friend of mine has an event company. So I had like a side job with him and then I just started being open to teaching meditation and I had like one client in New York that I would like remotely meet with and and I slowly started getting introduced to people and then the first ever drop in meditation Studio unplug meditation was about to open in LA and I got you know, I got a job teaching there and and it just all again. It was a lot of trust and lot of surrender and a lot of being okay not knowing right and I think what's really interesting about this is It's not like someone sat you down and they were like, this is exactly how you do what you want to do. So that could have been a little bit just concerning as well as doing again. I felt Guided by something so incredibly strong so much stronger than any fear that I that I May have had right and so how does that first year of teaching go for you? It was a I mean I was in I mean I was hustling for three four years. I'm still hustling just in a like slightly more conservative, you know intentional way but for a while it was just non-stop, like whatever I can say yes to whoever will let me come to their office and talk about meditation. Whatever event will let me come and lead a meditation. It was just a lot of planting seeds and I did end up getting kind of pulled back into the Chopra Center as well during that first year and I which was a really amazing blessing. You know, I left that left that job really clean and with like nothing but love and gratitude and like I wish everyone well and thank you for this and then really quickly they were like, well what if you come back and just do and just help us with the events and just come and so for several years, I worked with them and would just go down to San Diego or go to the events and help on the back end of those. Which is an incredible experience and gave me a whole other skill set around events and planning transformational experiences and events and weekends and things like that. So so that was pretty incredible and and then that ended up just with Chopra specifically transitioning into me hosting and teaching at the event. So it's really been quite a like Journey with right right? And so you when does I'm just like saying yes to absolutely everything like when do you feel like you kind of Get a little bit more of your footing. Yeah, you know the after the first After the first year and a half maybe I stopped doing any side work and just was teaching. Uh-huh. So I was saying yes a lot then as well because I created a whole lot more space and and then I would say after that next year. So maybe like two and a half years three years. It was a little more. Okay. I have some like Direction and I know where I'm trying to take this I also was you know, how I think about it is like I was really putting in reps as a teacher and finding my voice. Race is a teacher and becoming a great teacher because it you know, even if you have raw abilities to communicate or to you know in spot, whatever that might be. It's still practice right learning how to learning how to hold space for people learning how to hold space for a room learning how to you know, read a room and energetic, you know, there's a lot that goes into it. So I was I always think about it as I was doing just all the Reps. Sorry, you're established your teaching meditation you're living in Allah and can you say for sure at this point that you're like Julie happy about where the path has like where you have meandered your way down the path. So happy. Yeah, so so happy and when you're going back and forth between where you're living and the Chopra Center do you think again about returning to do anything there full-time? No, you know, San Diego is gorgeous. I was in North County. So it was really it was a much slower pace and coming from New York to LA is one thing going LA to San Diego or North County San Diego was a was a very different thing and I thought time I knew that I needed some fire to to drive me and to keep me going because because I was having to create nobody, you know, nobody was I didn't have a full-time job, right? I didn't have someone giving me days off I didn't so it was really up to me to continue to like motivate myself to do this thing. Even when I was tired, even when I you know, It's hard to be like an entrepreneur. I guess I feel you call it. It's there's like a constant low-grade hustle and and weight of that and the energy of Allah and the ambition that is there is something that I really could feed off of and still do in a really positive way. And where does the book deal come into the mix? So yeah that happened that happened. If you have several years later at the end of two thousand two thousand eighteen, I guess 2017, baby. Was emailed by a publisher and the publisher said have you ever thought about writing a book for Millennials annotation? And I thought yeah, I thought about that I could do that. And and so I sent them kind of a rough. I just sort of thought of book. It's not people of his essays is the book you like always had a new like know someone asked me and I said, right and so I emailed them some notes and and that ended up not being a good fit with this one publisher, but it got me thinking about what a book would be and during that process. Is my friend introduced me to his book agent who then started helping me navigate that conversation and when that didn't end up coming to fruition. She said, you know, why don't we finish your proposal and then, you know, we'll shop it around and and see what happens and so I wrote a book proposal and I figured out how to do that and we shopped it and sold it and I wrote a book and that was scary the other leaps of Faith weren't so scary writing a book didn't feel scary until I signed a book deal and then I thought I have to write a book now. Like I'm not a writer right? I mean I'm a good writer apparently because I wrote a book and I think it's great and I didn't have a Ghostwriter anything but but it wasn't like I had a process or you know, any idea how to do it. How long did it take you and how long is the book I had its 50,000 words? Okay. So it's like it's a good book book. Oh, yeah like a real book. Oh, yeah, like 200 something pages. I wrote it in six months and during this time where you still teaching and doing all of them. Yeah. No, why would I be like take time off and give myself extra space to do this massive project that I signed a contract for? Yeah. I was still teaching. Okay. Yeah. Oh and I meant to ask you. So how long after you had arrived at the Chopra Center. Did you notice that a lot of those physical symptoms started to go away? Oh these rights are really pacify within I would say within like a year. Yeah, and I kept having things that I've been dealing with and I actually just recently found out. Something that I think is probably the core reason for all of it, which is kind of exciting that I'm rebalancing a little bit more exciting. I don't know. I mean, it sounds like he found the one issue it might be a little problematic. Well, it's the thing that I can balance that was probably causing right all of the other like chronic things that I've dealt with. But yeah, I mean since I went there I've had such a different relationship with with my body which has been right talk to me about what it feels like when your book comes out. Oh man. I had to Live While I was Writing the book I could so clearly see myself having written a book. That's why even when it got scary. It never got debilitatingly scary because I could so clearly see the future moment where I was on stage talking about the book or where I was sharing the book or write doing meditations from the book. So while I was writing it, I was kind of constantly living in this future place because that's what made it doable. Yeah, and that's what allowed me to trust that I would figure it out and and like, you know into it what I Along the way or hear what I needed along the way so when it finally came out it was a little not there was underwhelming but it was like the timeline caught up with where my mind has been for six months. If that makes sense. They're training for a marathon like you get to the marathon. You're like, oh I've been in this place in my head like every time I train and every time I so the actual moment the actual moment that it felt real was I did a book launch an ally and it was it was on a Friday night in West Hollywood. Wood and it was amazing like a hundred people that I just adore came and just through so much love at me and that's what felt really that's what felt very real very very much like oh this is in the world and you know, people are receiving it and I did my first book Sign, you know, like that felt very surreal. Yeah and cool. So then talk to me what life looks like these days life is last night and working on another book so I'm enjoying that whole project again I am teaching I'm still teaching I'm hoping to travel a bit more for speaking events and for conferences I'm still teaching with Deepak Chopra and his events it's not it's not all that different it's just a little more I have a little more space right so like the hustle and grind has definitely slowed down a bit and now I mean I'm I'm sure all the time you get people messaging you saying things like I just feel like I cannot everybody it is not in my wheelhouse I am not meant to meditate so if you had to tell this person which you've done so many times before like two or three things to help them make space for meditation what is it that you tell them number one thing I hear is I can't meditate I have too many thoughts to which I always say everyone is thoughts as long as you have a pulse as long as you're alive you're going to have thoughts meditation is not About silencing your mind, so don't try to do that. And once you get okay with the fact that there's going to be activity. It's so much easier right to sit in it. Number two, I would say nothing needs to happen for it to work. You know, we have this idea that it needs to feel like a certain something where you need to have the aha moment or you need to, you know, see the Buddha riding a unicorn Whispering the meaning of life for it to be a good meditation. All you have to do is do it for it to be a good man. Station and and then the other thing I would say is look for the benefits of your meditation to show up outside of your meditation. Right? So, what does that look like? So it looks like getting clearer with why you're doing it first first and foremost so you can think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to? Is it that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of annotation notice when those things start to shift because what tends to happen and to happen with so many people that I've worked with we all start meditating for whatever reason and then that reason starts to pacify and it starts to get better and then we stop meditating because everything got better, but that's like whatever they say everything like it's running. Cleaning every Sunday because it makes us feel great on Monday, right whatever it might be and then we stopped doing the thing that made us feel good because we feel good right thing with antibiotics. Yeah, right attention to like where the pain is exactly. So I would say be really conscious of why you're meditating and really look for that to show up. And then I mean, do you have any simple strategies or tools that you suggest to individuals who are having a hard time jumping on the bandwagon? I would say Is start scheduling it like put it in your schedule every morning first thing that you do when you wake up, so that's the next question went to do it. Yeah, because I think that and this has definitely been my experience in the past is that like first thing in the morning is hard for me because I if I do it then I either need to get moving or I need to go back to sleep. Yeah. So for me what I did find was either if I came back from the gym after I shower then I could meditate or in this is a little bit wacky. Xylene into it like four o'clock in the afternoon every time yeah, like earlier in the morning is usually better if you have a lot of things that you do or if you then have to get up and go to work right the because everything will see more important or more fun than sitting and doing nothing which is what meditation feels like until you start to like feel the benefits and see the benefits and like see the magic unfold in your life meditation feels like sitting and doing nothing and everything feels more fun than that everything feels more important than that. So, If you have like a day, I like to meditate after I work out also, so my perfect morning is waking up working out and then coming home and meditating and having tea like that's the ideal morning for me. But if you have a lot going on the more the earlier you can do it so that it's not in that list of things right? So that makes sense. Yeah, because I think that we all wake up and we feel like the day is the mountain. Yeah or and or the other time I usually say is after the most productive part of your day which for a lot It was between like four and seven interesting. Okay, and what does your meditation practice look like now? So I teach Mantra meditation more than anything else. That's the lineage that I was initiated into with the Chopra Center. Okay, so it involves silently repeating a mantra which is sanskrit for mind vehicle. So it's this phrase that you silently repeat a really good Universal and I give people mantras based on their birth information but a really good universal one is so hum. So when I use in the book, So hum, which is the sound of your breath and also to still down to the essence. I am hmm. And the reason that that's a really great universal one is because you can link it with your breath as you inhale silently repeat. So as you exhale silently repeat hum, and then you give your mind to things to Anchor to you have that breadth which is always there and your mind can anchor to that thought. That's what a mantra is, right? You're just repeating this one thought and this one thought because It's in Sanskrit. And because your native tongue is not Sanskrit doesn't mean anything to you A lot of people, you know, whether it be on social media or when you sit down with them. They see they they look at someone who seems although you might not feel this way all the time grounded and and present and here to help when you look in the mirror. What is it that you see looking back at you now gosh, I feel and I see such a took so much work. I did not wake up like this for the record for the very official record. I Year lot of contentment. I see a lot of peace. I see a lot of trust. None of those things really are things that I would have ever said at one point in my life and especially the lightness and then you have an opportunity right now to offer yourself a piece of advice when your father's told he has a year left to live when you are going to therapy and dear working yourself like crazy in the music industry. You have an opportunity to offer yourself. If one piece of advice during that hurdle moment what to you tell yourself to let everything go and to let love in That Lovin. That's it. Thanks so much for sitting down. Thank you. Please take a moment and leave a quick review by clicking the link with the description to this episode. We all have multiple hurdles in life. I want to hear about yours reach out to me at Emily at hurdle dot U s-- connect with the podcast on Instagram and Twitter at hurdle podcast Meg where they find you how do they keep up with you? You can find me on Instagram. It's at Meg Monahan. That's the thing that I'm most active on. I do have a website that has some information and involve the book which is just my name Megan Monahan.com and you can get my book on Amazon at book stores. Wherever books are sold. Wherever books are sold. I am at Emily a body another hurdle conquered catch you guys next time.