Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about today's topic.Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even worse that isI in this segment, I've decided to investigate my obsession with the webslinger first. We will explore the main reason. I'm so obsessed with Tom Holland and second the outcome of having a celebrity crush. Before finding Tom, I'd other celebrity crushes and so did my friends and family still Michaels has been away larger and more emotional than others. I'd seen and I've been wondering why I developed my crush as stated by Kelly B. Cromley in John Pletcher a medicine specialist at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh. Teen Idol curses are part of the process that leads to forming real-life relationships pleasure says while you know, I'm a little too obsessed with Tom Holland, but this quote is good to know that my celebrity Crest can help me. genuine relationships in the future now going on through the following Tom. I need to understand the way my mindset has changed because of him my friends and family. Thank the my crush is gone too far. But as I would now I feel this crash has impacted me greatly to prove this. Let's investigate Courtney Bennett a psychology writer and Kelly be groundless articles and nearly half said that their Idol inspired them to pursue activities including acting Sports and the crystals are very normal natural informative thing from Courtney's quote. We can see that my personal Every crash helped influence My Life by making me pursue hobbies that are enjoyable like drawing realistic time all abortions. Also in the quote stated by Kelly celebrity crushes our total normal for teenagers like me and are logical part of life. Based on these quotes Tom Holland would be totally okay with me using every single second of my life to obsess over him and constructing my own personality of his now that we have adventured through my Spider-Man filled brain. You can assume that I've grown with Tom's influence, and my celebrity crush is absolutely a normal thing. So turns out I'm not crazy. But thank you so much for joining me. Anyway until next time I'm Kayla Hurley and you're listening to celebrity crushes Tom Hall in addition.