Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for copywriters in their seventies and eighties and I just wanted to ask you like for real. What's bird that So, um, you know, obviously we're a little bit, you know, our agency comes from a little bit of a different angle given my background and you know, it's I just think there's a lot of talent in many different shapes and sizes. I'm starting to realize how much and I've always known this but I probably tripled down in the last year on ideas coming from different angles and I'm kind of one of those people who doesn't think you have to look the part to be somebody that Understands that consumer but different perspectives matter. We're also creating a lot more creative than most creative shops because of what we do in digital and how much volume we actually create and so we're quadruple Downing on makers people that are actually writers and designers and in were hiring at scale and I want people that have never been to add school. I want people who are comedy writers. I want people who have never been in the industry and come from diverse. Diverse backgrounds and I think one of the best opportunities for this industry and definitely for vaynermedia is to actually hire retired copywriters who've actually been in the industry who've probably got a really interesting perspective. I'm just very fond of the opportunity of 70 and 80 year olds working at vaynermedia for the culture for the history lessons for the a lot of our employees and to be very Frank for their unique perspectives. I'm Really excited about marketing to 48 to 90 year olds on Facebook and anecdotally have seen some really interesting original creative coming from people on Facebook in the last year or two. And then when I click in their profiles sure enough, you know, even though they've been retired for 12 years in 1982 to 1989. They worked at JWT and I'm like, huh? So it's been this content continuous journey of building from the outside the industry and you know, I love the idea of helping the industry be better at ageism. I'd be lying to you. If I'm on some Crusade this is about this is about my belief that there's incredible Talent don't forget and this will make sense to you. My agency like many is in New York and London and Allah and a lot of retired incredible Executives from the ad world live in the suburbs of those places half the year and intuitively as an entrepreneur, I think An opportunity for us and that's why I'm focused on it. Okay, and yeah, that could actually leads into my next question which is like, you know, there's a lot of studies that say Baby Boomers and Gen-X a but they have a lot of buying power and spending power and so, you know kind of deer Point like it's more just a good business decision of I want people that can understand these audiences. Yes, but I would say it's not as lazy as me thinking that if you're 82 year old Carol, then you understand 80 year olds because I would argue that I have a Ivory uniquely good skill of understanding 14 year old teenage girls Because I spent a lot of time looking at Quant and qual data on tick-tocking other platforms, but I myself as you know, am not a fourteen-year-old girls. So the answer is yes, I but it's not as lazy as oh you look you know, like you know this it's so silly that people are like, oh you're from this, you know race or from this gender or from this age group. You must know them it's not as easy or as simple as that on the flip side. I would say with experience what I'm intrigued if I meet Kate let's just play role play if I didn't, you know, we've sent this out. We've got a lot of interviews coming up. It's something we've been secretly working on for a little while. If I sit down with Carol who lives in Westchester who for 22 years worked at Ogilvy and she's 81 and then she tells me that you know, 25 years ago. She worked on the dumb account. Well, it's interesting to me of like what she did what she accomplished what she understood about that 44 year old woman then that may help. Spark it to that 69 year-old woman now. Yeah. I'll say okay. I just I don't do anything. Yeah, I just you know, it's really exciting because I'm excited that the ad world is getting better at thinking about diversity and inclusion and it's talent but I don't think that's just race and gender. I do think it's age as well. And I think you know, I also know a lot of human beings because of who I am and there's a lot of people that are interested in still being active or having a side hustle of working 25 hours a week copywriting because they loved it and Like one woman said to me, you know, I'm kind of bored of my grandchildren. I wouldn't mind to rock a little bit and I was just he had me on the ground and it just made a lot of sense which is like why not? And so and also to be honest, I think it's going to bring a lot of value to my four walls. I think the Serendipity mm, you know, see like my dream state is seeing 73 year-old Carl sitting down with 29 year old Sharon and like talking about the craft of copywriting from a theoretical standpoint while Sharon's teaching him. I had to write copy for Tick-Tock. Yeah. Yeah, I think of one plus one plus one equals eleven is what I'm calling it it internally which is this is right. We just have to create the environment where you know, you know, a lot of my most Progressive, you know, as you can imagine young company Coastal people think they're so woke. Meanwhile, we've been interviewing some of these people and everyone's like who's grandma is here and I'm like you're deploying ageism in the same way that you think people are deploying. Other things so it's just going to be healthy and exciting and I also think there's a to be again. This is back to not being ideological. I think there's an extraordinary amount of talent available who are in a place where you know, financially and time requirement met map to my business objectives. And so I just think it's gonna be a win win win win win. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my I guess my last question would just be a cure. He made that post on Lincoln. What's the feedback and response has been like I mean behind the scenes incredible a couple people inevitably, you know, I'm a little bit of a like a interesting character in the ad world and some people were like don't go work for him. You know that kind of stuff but besides that like, I mean, we have hundreds of resumes and hundreds of conversations already going, I think people, you know, it was good timing, you know, we had three Super Bowl spots. I think people are starting to see the maturity of our shop. So I think I think people a year ago might have not reached out because they were still weren't sure what We're doing inevitably a lot of that demo still does think about TV or you know, you know, what kind of shop are we but on the flip side there's a lot of you know curiosity humility there. So I would say 90% positive in an enormous influx of this will make sense to you tons of recruiters that obviously want to get involved but but a lot of direct emails, I've already had some incredible emails first some positive sentiment. Like I personally have gone at least 40 emails. Just thanking me. Me because they know that me / us doing this means it'll probably be a little I mean look, you know, you were already working with it's exciting that this is in the air because I think it's going to lead to a lot of Happiness. So I would say 90% positive 10% like that guy. He's bad for the Adam. Yeah. Well, thank you Gary. That's actually all a semester. No worries. No and thinking honestly like off the record. I'm really glad you're writing this because I will tell you I've gotten some really emotional emails in. Last 48 hours and I feel like this is the beginning of something really good for a lot of people and that makes me happy. Yeah. Well, thank you. Yeah, take care and have a good long as we end today's podcast. I want to give a huge shout out to the people. You know, it's so funny people that leave reviews and written reviews of this podcast on Apple Spotify and all the other platforms just mean the world to me you've taken an extra 13 to 95 seconds to show love and also give context to people of why this Is a worthwhile podcast, so I appreciate that so much and even more fun because I think we all love a little cosine or a shout out or a little awareness. I'm gonna have the team give a couple of shoutouts daily on our favorite reviews. So Dean take it away, which were our favorites this week. Thank you. Jay. Today's reviews know that attitude and understanding myself written by a Bravo 3 7 and crw underscored dog say Gary brings so much value that I had to leave a review he gets right to the point and we'll call you. When you don't keep your word to yourself and secondly your podcast has helped me give a perspective. I needed to really push my first e-commerce store. I didn't quite understand that every single person has their own sharp edge in some way shape or form that you must find a lead the way as a board is nine-to-fiver. I found what I was missing to pursue my first business and make shit happen. If you want something to work, you have to think about it in a life-or-death way. Thanks Gary. Thank you both so much for writing in and remember keep leaving reviews because yours could be next.