If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular? Yeah, you can put the same seasoning. But if you triangulate it instead of like slicing it it's just I have a different texture that different tastes like something about it. It was a bummer. He's was okay. Hey Casey, I'm gonna give you a negative 1 for this attempt only bring back those wedges bring back their loving read my hand away. Yeah. Well, we will end you. Yeah, don't push it. Don't bring it back like twice a year and think it's cool. Read the fucking messiest fucking get me started on the crib magrib every time thing every time they announced its on the re its back on the radio I go to Donald's, I am excited for this. Here's the hand. It's not there. It's not there. It's not there. Oh my God, you guys I wish you could see this been has the hands out. This is when it gets real the hands are out get ready to fight McDonald's by surreal some ass. Would you like to set of hands for this meal? I want some motherfucking McRibs. Yeah, bro. When is it going to bring that bad? So it's a funny thing. Is it really I feel like every time of the year. Bang now they want to season it bring it up barbecue sauce come get some but it's only here for fucking six hours one shipment of machine is broken. Yeah dice told me you got some kind loading barbecue sauce at the end of it. Okay, so this is why I'm happy you're here because what do you think they could do? Yeah, we're just trying to like spit ball. Like I want any sherbet flavor. That was what we yeah, we there without that. I was thinking like something kind of spurring right using Springs. Lime orange blood orange. Oh, we forgot about that the trail are ya sure you limey and of flavors and then I feel like they have they have some sugar-free flavors as well. They're like cure for yeah, it's raspberry and here some like that. That's where you would be really am the purple one. Yeah. What about peeps? Do you think they would do a peeps something peeps related? I feel like that would be a mistake. I would be a big mistake right right peeps our eyes. Cool. I don't think they have a banana-flavored ice cream different be cool. I'm not big on Hannah's but I mean it's something throw it out your window with the car, but I think we said that too. I think we did. That's what you're been. You're here with us very I swear to God bro Vibe and not yet. Literally just of I just literally by been along with it. I think like our big one that we said was carrot cake. Yeah, who would be a good time? What are you pretty good? That would be good one. Yeah Easter motherfuckers here. Carrot cake ham I guess yeah, I'm ham pineapple upside down cake. Hello already selling eggnog there halfway there he did snow today. Oh, what about like a Wintergreen? I got spearmint almost which green like a straight cut natural. Maybe try to taste it. Try to taste for the big old Charlie in there. You got to be totally Oklahoma. It would it would might as well make a red diamond tea flavored ice cream. Lemonade Schreiber miniature, that would be good. That would be pretty good early temporary have lime. Yeah, like a lie made. Yeah like a lemonade tribute would be dope. Yeah. Yeah. I think you said Shirley Temple being like a Shirley Temple. I feel like that would be pretty tasty for this time. I'd be so tasty and so refreshing right Shirley Temple like Sherbert like ice cream. I don't know go both. Just give me the phone. Give me a sherbert. Wow. Yeah, I really wild and out of the exactly go crazy Braun man of taste. This is who Need on board, right? Let's spitball. So people can tear. We also talked about a little bit the other day two. We want to include United Aramis foul, dude. Oh, yeah. The books are because we're gonna yeah, we were talking about that the other day. Yeah how Hollywood use fucking ripped apart just fucks it up. Yeah. Yeah, they do it multiple times and I feel like this is just one more time. It's like why do you keep doing this to me is we had a really good conversation about that and then I went home and I looked at my the books. Of that my parents put up in the room that they can we stayed in. Yeah, and all of these books that we talked about are in a row. Yes on the bottom shelf. I just I've seen there waiting like my dad was wiring the the internet in that room and I was like what the fuck I have that biggest wave of deja vu is crazy. Yo, I started pulling books out. What was there? There was a Alex Rider book. Oh my God Archangel. I think it's like a sixth or seventh one. Oh, yeah, I read all of them was a really good but you talked with John Cena John Cena. I don't know fuck stepbrothers. He's feeling all the time. I don't know. They did a decent job with that movie though. I feel like that doesn't need to be on the list. They left a bunch of shit out you right but the visuals are we gonna have to watch very hard to watch it right now. I would pause pause and we're back. Yeah. All right in our feelings when you say watch this, you know, we got it. Terrible bad effects Parable like I like fantastic books. But oh my God, okay tastic burrito. Got to be all weird like eco-terrorist. Yeah, they really came out the way we came out there. Yeah. Okay started started putting out when I don't know. We know when you have a child's book. Well quote child's book. Hmm, and you say start getting Whoa, yeah, pouring your your personal background into it instead of continuing with the story kind of just ruins it. Yeah, if you're gonna do that, just don't take a look at that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, please stop you don't care if it's over that you actively still putting out Maximum Ride books. Really? Yeah. Yep. Yep. They're still coming library and check them out. Take a picture of a guy. They're on our Instagram Jesus Christ take a little bit like and like that that about that was Goosebumps as well. Here's what she the Goosebumps books and has good to movies are decent the TV show and 90s TV show though is such a Nostalgia. It's on Netflix right now. Is it is wow. Hello. I'm season 1 through 4, I think guys. Okay. That's cool Really. Good Die Young. I highly recommend don't call. Yes. You have enough money, please bark bark bark bark bark. Yes, those were so good though. So so cheesy, but it but you have to it did a fantastic job. Gary stories. Don't tell in the dark. Yeah. I haven't gotten to see that. Yeah, bro that bad. Really. I remember reading a bunch of those books. Yeah a bunch of them. Yeah. I feel like they probably didn't even do like the good stories too. Probably not. Well, I hurt are we talking about like the movie to there wasn't music? Yeah. I that's what I kept hearing. It was just kind of like Who is this for because it's not awesome scary for the adults, but it's not the people that read it, right? It's just it wasn't like it's like PG-13, right? It should have been our it really should have been all right, if it's that scary, especially the way I remember it dude goading going to sleep in class reading that book falling asleep and reading class. Oh my God weirdest fucking dreams, man. You could have wait for fucking but yeah, I I made a list of a few of them. Yeah. So did you flirt freak was a One for Heather. I'm not being murdered that there's another big one that I know really triggered. You been before talk about a little bit but I haven't you know that yeah, okay. So there's like four or five of these with the olefin. Yeah, Timothy Olyphant, there's like four Fighters but starting like every guy that wrote him. He's writing under like a pseudonym. Yeah pseudonym Atticus slower or lower a I'm not sure how you'd Asset that Lor e yeah could be pronounced either way. Anyways, he's riding like he's from the planet that these people are sent from you right before a number five number six up to I think 11. Yeah, and there's 11 or 12 of them, but The book had so much detail like it's a three or four hundred page book. It's shit. It's deep. Yeah, and the movie might be an hour and ten or twenty minutes long. Hmm. Definitely not long enough. Oh, yeah, right. Yeah. I remember that being a big thing. Like I yeah, it's been a while since I've watched it. Yeah. I mean honestly by remember that being a thing there's barely any training that he that he kind of before goes through. Yeah. He Yeah, basically yeah a movie they brush on it barely. He's just like he's got it right but in the book, it's like four chapters or so like damn a good 80 million pages of yeah training. Actually, there's a scene where he's in he's forced to wear. Suit that's like flame retardant skin and his mentor Timothy Olyphant the movie lights him on fire Hitman. Yeah. I'm that's that's a whole another piece. I can't yeah like every fucking 20 minutes or so. They Rush ate it with the brush is not it's not working anymore. Just like torched it all. Yeah when I go for a little bit right and here the easiest way to do it tomorrow his skull so put an arrow in his hair Nair. Just let it in there and just have it that would probably burn like crazy because you know eggs. No, thanks. And then like I know I have a few that we've talked about before like Inkheart you remember that one? Yeah. Like I forgot they even like tried re-do because I were talking about I was like, oh, yeah, they should try to doing car and yeah, very did like golf I was like, yeah Aragon was the same way. Yeah, they're gone to but everyone knows that one. That's like the worst. Yeah, datian are so fucking bad thing about the I confused that one with the Loch Ness monster movie. Honestly, that's how like unmemorable monster movie. Yeah, like there was like this kid who he found the Loch Ness monster. Oh, yeah. Okay. Let's talk about see and it's like he finds it. And he tries to protect it because he liked raises it. It's weird as fuck, dude. Okay and Netflix. Yeah, and it's funny because every time I think I'm watching Aragon I'm watching that movie instead and I'm like what the fuck happened you watch this movie. I don't know if Netflix is a weird thing. Are you still watching? Okay, we'll just put this shit on. Yeah, we're good. I'm gonna look at that because I want I don't remember what that movie was called. Oh man, dude, you're gonna get me in tears. When I remember if you remember it's that fucked and then like purse. See Jackson, was it a big one? I created all these identities are being the person talks. I got you books are really good books. Like I remember really enjoying them. Yeah. I only watch the movie on the Lightning Thief and I always like curious because I thought it was still pretty like, yeah, like I still want to check it out because I thought the concept was dope. That's what I was thinking. I was like my kids is on there. And that was the coolest thing about it was one of those things like you said, it was really cool. It was something that you could hop into and be like, wow, this is interesting but Knowing that and then knowing that the movie did the books complete Injustice, right? Exactly. That's what I heard. Yeah. So like the books are good, then like the movies just kind of like, yeah that just seems to be the running theme though. Like it's super running the is hotter than the Rings but I mean Harry I shouldn't have said that. Yeah, tell a movie. Yeah. Mmm Order of the Phoenix. Oh poor Prisoner of Azkaban. Nice. Alright, we both win. That was literally both of ours. Yeah. Hell yeah. Well, I like just the character development both of those movies. Yeah antastic Asher and I feel like they did really good with the books a long shit really quick. Yeah, there's books for very long very long and or the Phoenix with my favorite book. I just remember being long as hell to Prisoner of Azkaban was the book that I learned that I get motion sickness in the car. Reading. Wow that was on that did it for you your way up? Yep. I remember trying to read that book on the way to Stillwater then one day and not being able to focus on more than like forwards and just like almost throwing up. What about a book that doesn't have a movie movie adaptation that needs one. Right? I have one. That is the have something coming out. Hmm. I'll throw that in that works too. I'll take that boat. Oh, Comics yeah, hopefully they're doing an animation for Netflix some. Oh, wow. Yeah cool. Yes office is doing a lot of cool stuff. We're doing a documentary coming out about the the guy from Southern Georgia Southwestern Oklahoma near Davis with the Exotic Animal Farm. Yeah, they're supposed to have a documentary. Of the you like about you that place is still open. Yeah, it still has animals. Yeah, you do - try to exist when we hit him up for prices and everything we're supposed to do is buddy. Joey went there said he was him and his wife were feeding horses carrots and other whatnot school and was dressing up is one of the horses almost bit his fucking arm off nipped him on the elbow. What do you say? Malicious that dude, I'll turn how he's missing his pinky on the Centaur almost cut it off. I'm excited to watch that documentary though because I grew up driving right by that every Summer every single summer see that place with the animals out and zebras and lions and name it. Yep. It was there. Yeah, you did so that guy's crazy crazy little fun fact now he's in an orange jumpsuit. I'll tell you oof. Don't tell you don't learn anything when you listen to us. So we talked about the books and I think we ran through them all. Oh, but is there one that you want to see a sequel to like done better. He could like if they could knock the next one out of the park. Which one would you want? You can only pick one out like all the shitty book to movies? I mean, I would love to see you and I Am Number Four sequel. Yeah, that's that's the one. Okay, do you want rebooted or do you want to SQL? Reboot? That shit? Yeah rebooted. Yeah, who would you cast as number four? Would you cast stereotypical blonde guy from Disney Channel? No, maybe like I was I was thinking Paul Dano or okay. Joe Anderson, this is name. Hmm. It was shows he been into Joe Anderson was on he he's he's on Horns. Music. Yeah, he's he's the trumpet player. Yeah. Okay. I got it. Does it all the drugs on the table that movie? I don't know man, cause like he took that and that's like the one that I wanted, but I was thinking back to like, I don't know back to like a movie that hasn't been done. Yeah, like I kind of wanted to see a Hardy Boyz movie. Well, I mean like in like a sequel right? No, one of the ones that are already happened like reboot or SQL. Which one do you want? Let's see if we can reboot Inkheart incorrect. Yeah, just reboot instead of like making with like Brendan Fraser because I remember like in cargo at least well supposedly that book character was influenced by Brendan Fraser. Really? Yeah, that's who like she like. Wrote the character. Well, I wouldn't mind bringing them back though. Cause like to do two solid inside a Renaissance of speaking of Brendan Fraser and good book movies China's. Oh God. That was a book. I totally forgot. Yeah. Isabelle realize that and you guys literally like rock was like, oh, yeah your uncle's off doing something and I'm just here to take care of you or some shit like that really weird. I've been these away try to explain it. I remember what the name of the city the sequel was like. Yeah, Vin Diesel was in The Pacifier The Rock was basically being the pacifier and I think it was just called return to the center of the earth. Oh, wait, wait, wait you talking about the yeah, Robert. Okay, so his journey and then it was I think it's returned. I think it's yeah something. But it had 3D in the title all the way. Yeah, I'm and then you bought it and I was biting bleep glasses damn it one of those movies doing that way. Oh hell. Yeah. That's my head Ballantine. Yeah, you know my birthday. It was like what a fucking waste. I'm trying to think what sequel I would want here. Let me look at my list again because like I had like a whole reboot are talking. Yeah reboot are gone. That would be nice. I'd make an ultrasound her that they've already done Golden Compass and they're killing it killing. Oh good. That's true. Now. We'll see a Narnia that's brutal. Honestly Cirque du free HBO pick up surgery for you can do it or something. Like do you like Bobby Burger? Like a rated R circus freak? Just let him go for it dude, right. I just really couldn't make it pretty spooky to your oh, yeah. Absolutely. I'll show you the spook Factor. Do you say thank you scared of the covers. He couldn't read the book. Okay. I'm going to cover my parents wouldn't buy me those books. Alright see ya. My friends had to let me borrow them. We had him in school. So I mean damn argue up reading them. Yeah in like middle school and stuff, but I also went to school with people that literally shit on the floor next to the toilet. I was school with a bunch of savages. Like I'm just saying that in like they were hardcore these chitinous, you know that legit happen. I remember this it was I was in first grade with jibt memory. I have my going to the bathroom and we go in there and someone lay the fucking log in the year and all that and they had to call the janitor and janitor had to come in there and like Street of the get Reynold. Coos yeah, it sounds like after that happened in real life to me. Oh man and the janitor can't was coming in as we were all lining up to go the bathroom and stuff. We all go in and he's putting on gloves - yeah. He looks at me. He goes, you know, who did this we just got here. It's like did you do it? He's like half of like fish it out like it was a log to it was like a little shit dude that big-ass kids exactly. Ass up on to you personally at the time I thought was an inside job. No. Well, does he know we've got good teachers. Yeah. Yeah inside job. You heard it here folks. Yeah. Thank God. We had like a jet fuel. Don't melt these urinals boys. Well, also, I remember growing up like specifically happened a lot in intermediate is what we had. It was fifth and sixth grade, right? It was our elementary was K through four and after that we had intermediate with 5th and 6th and then our middle schools. 7th and 8th. Yeah, that was in Texas. And so we went to intermediate and I remember 5th and 6th grade fucking. Oh my God, he's trying not to break down here. Yeah. I was like you go there you're like what the fuck like those people that have fears and pissing and shitting in public. That's why yeah, exactly. They run in the toilet reason that they're running the bathrooms like that. I'm telling you. I went to school with some fucked-up people. I don't I don't think I ever had any experience. I like the Halo. Yeah, now we didn't have food fights. I'm very glad you've lived very that's for sure. That's very young white neighborhood and town like it's still small. Sorry. No, it's okay. You can touch my mother. I will Kelly and I held hands today at the vegan baked home and he grabbed my hands like yes, this is my partner. Yeah. Cool place though they were down places also. Yeah Avengers, it's called The Loaded Bowl. He's going to have here been here man. Thanks Tony, man. That was glad to hear Boys. Yeah, because like joining the yeah, I know because I was telling him and like last time we were talking about everything. I was like, we need Ben Ben. It's the man the Italian hands lives on we're going to make a shirt of you, which is Italian. I'm telling sorry. I talk with my hands a lot. I know I like that. I do that, too. I'm enjoying I'm embracing you. Other like look at I'm doing it now. I'm erasing you man. I'm not the only one now. You're right. Now more of a preferential question. I guess what your favorite strain my favorite strain right now, I guess now you're not all kind of hard or you could do all time if it's easier all time. That's the only kind of hard because I think about it is right now, I'm fucking what a difference a lot of distance different strains since I'm like, I'm not really like Novice yeah for me. It's like I'm right now just right now I was like smoking donkey butter. That was the last thing I got and now it's really does it taste good. It's slaps. It's a good taste. Very good. It tastes it tastes Kelly's tried it. He's try the Donkey Booty. I bet you think it would smell like skank. Yeah. It's gang staying God Mom cover your ears. No, but it was just that smell just kind of hit me just write. I'd like that feeling you guys definitely Indica base. It's definitely a hybrid but it's more Indica dominant and I love it. Like that's just what I need like that and become dominant hybrid. That's nice. Yeah, it's really good has a nice ring to it. Definitely and then you know, you boy definitely going to learn more about some strains and when I start my new job, so I'm definitely back with that convey that question with some more. Okay more clarity. Yeah, but you gotta like all time like blue diamond that way to find that. Like legally, but remember that yeah never had was the that was the like quarter ounce snuggly. Oh, yeah, we had a we got a quarter ounce note one time and it was this strange. It was like this long. Maybe what the fuck is a big boy? Yeah. It was huge. So we still got a smoke this new guns. Yeah. Yeah, we can try this movie. We gotta try that. I'm going to see if I have met if I do use my discount going to review it here maybe sort of leeway. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm definitely gonna look into that guess pulling out the pre-rolls tomorrow. Let's see. Hell yeah find out my all-time favorite strain is I want to know okay, if it's like the right flower that's been flushed really. Well Sour Diesel it's our duty is the flavor profile you're able to get with that. It's just fucking nasty. I love the way it tastes and smells but if if it's like a shitty run I'll pass ons and it's To be ya just gotta be gassy AF, you know, there's a there's a video I watch Curtis Connor shout out. He he said if you try to explain SpongeBob to someone who's never seen it before they would call the cops on you like think about it. Just try to explain SpongeBob to someone who hasn't seen it before. Right, you know, I mean, it's a small dish washing object that speaks lives underwater, right but Cooks hamburgers. Where does he live in but go claim so he's kind of a savant. In that sense nude SpongeBob is kind of a savant. Yeah. He is an Exquisite fisherman. Jellies. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Hey, it's true. He's really good at singing songs. Yeah, he's not bad. I can sing any of them because we had copyright Indiana drive a Patty. Yeah, he does. Well what you doubled your license for got a license? Yeah, you only like some like I was very what do you think of the new Batmobile who have you seen that? Yeah. Did I posted like who did a better Punisher Batman? Oh, yeah. That's right. Yeah, I'm sure my dad would what Papa say he If he's not he's not super pumped about Robert Pattinson playing okay, but he hasn't seen Robert Pattinson do anything other than Twilight. Got you. Got you. Got you. He's one of those me and me and Geo week. I have a theory I'm like what's gonna happen? Maybe that's like his first edition Battle bill. Yeah. It's supposed to be year 1 year 2 Batman, very thinking like something happens maybe upgrades it'll ride or something or like crash it. Look it kind of looks Bare Bones at the time. I drank like a prototype super badass dude, really, especially that back end. With the lights. Yeah, but that's the thing. It's kind of like Bare Bones. It's like well, yeah, what happens is that it's hit very homemade exhaust system. At least that's cool though. I'm down with that because right now I'm hired me and asked how he liked working on a suit working on hot rods way. Yeah, I give them that natural kind of a tinkerer. I love the way his armor looks as well. Yeah, it looks like a night of Shelly. Yes, I like you. Yeah, that's there's you say that you can see like the neck he has so much movement in there. I just know it's you. Really like right at the jawline and are so like you can't move neck not practical in like years are kind of wack. Yeah. Yeah. You see the bike pictures. I'm Sorry covid by pictures. Yeah. I know. That's what I was going to reference. Yeah, that's exactly what I was going to read for. The bike looks really cool. Yeah, he likes going to come out of nowhere not going to come out of that car. Yeah. I tell you that they've already done that one, but he got a bike bite and it has like a little Lonesome in front of me. That's kind of cool to kind of see though like just that and then His like gauntlets with the arrow what the fuck that is, but I'm waiting to see that. Yeah. I'm at I'm excited. Yeah, I'm excited. I'm really glad Matt Reeves is continually. I'm just ready to see like the questions that shit. Yeah, I get for me. It's big. Yeah, honestly robbing banks. They can kill it. But I mean Colin Farrell Islands pinion. There's supposed to be two phase night seller. Yeah Riddler. Yeah, Paul dehn. Oh, that's right, you know. On the cast list on IMDb it has him as Edward nygma. No, not Enigma. It's like nashor or Norton. Damn it. I'm not every creative just this is right. Yeah, I don't like that. I don't either his name's fucking Edward nygma. So do you think if they even - you think they do this Batman good you think they're just going to continue on with this and say new new DC you um, I don't think think Patterson would be down for multiple Batman. I think he would if they thrown the right money at him because I think he'd do a over bill. Look at Twilight. I mean, yeah because like if he kills in his role, he's not going to have people like hate him don't want him to do more true in like if he kills in the first one everybody's gonna want more. So I think it'll just be Batman movies related to Batman maybe more Arkham movies like I don't know because I just don't think there's they're ready to like that here away from Batman just yet. I feel like huh, they are like, oh no, we don't know what to do. We're always fucking up like there's so many characters in that Universe right could bring out like if you've played Arkham Asylum the first Batman Arkham game. Yeah and done all the Riddler challenges and the like mmm dictionary characters or try to unlock all the character trophies. Oh my gosh, there's so many. Yeah side. They did Rocksteady did awesome with the thing about it though is that there's so much of like a lure like before Batman. Yeah, right like the Setup of Arkham. Yeah, absolutely. So it's like they'll get Matt Reeves like a universe staying and then like you think they do Arkham Asylum things. They that's the thing. That's what I wanted with Ben Affleck. So why the fuck can't they is just now give it to me with Robert Pattinson. If you're going to give me the all these villains in the first one top it in the SEC. Well, they set that up. That'd be cool. I think that'd be a cool like the Rocks. We ball them up and boom Yep. They're back there back in second with them. Yeah. Yeah, that'd be dope. I'd be down I'd be down for that and especially 90 especially if they introduced like multiple in this. One, that'd be cool because like you they all get sent off right like something happens the second one. Mmm, you see them again and then you get more villains writings are people that are already locked up or maybe he hasn't encountered yet. Yeah. See, that's why I think they could like potentially introduce Joker. I mean because he's locked away in Arkham. Yeah, I mean that could that's how the movie ended its in the 80s. Yeah, you could potentially like he goes by he's walking through are coming that could just be like a name up on the wall. Yeah, it could be what's his name? Arthur Arthur Fleck, yeah that could he just be walking by that could be a thing as he's walking by Arvin flick-right like well nameplate. I'll be cool because I think Joe is now that I never went and watched Joker. That's his name that Arthur clay. That's how the movie is. He's in Arkham or it's a that's okay president's big way that big rip. Yeah. That's okay my horse. It's awaited that he's an argument smile. He's in a mental facility. The thing is that's you guys are just gonna have to watch the movie because there's more oh, there's no I'm I want to there's one key Phoenix, whatever. Yeah, bro. Yeah, there's layers to it because that's not really the big thing. That's like so like I'm not a it's a visual that yeah worried about the spoiler is that that's not a thing to me. Yeah these magic I think you could tie it in and like somehow you want to do but ultimately I don't think he's going to be the Joker that we see in up against Robert patents and I think it's gonna be like an idea. Yeah, I think oh that's a joke or like when someone else is gonna be like, I'm the joker. I'm the clown Prince of Crime maybe so we have the Joker but we all have the Clown. And yet right and there's like a lot of fan edits of Macaulay Culkin. Oh, yeah. You know, who'd be good Joker. You wanna know? How is he going to say that William Dafoe man. I would love that. I've been saying that man years old. We've been saying that for years, but they just got done killing it with the lighthouse. He said he did the the demon thing for the Death Note. Yeah. Yeah. He did he did and he likes you. Oh my God, and he said that he got inspiration for this Batman through William to phone them in the lighthouse through there filming together. Yeah. Yeah. He got inspiration for the voice is Okay, so I'm sure him and William were probably getting together fucking around with the voices that they had probably and then they were like hey, you know that kind of maybe something like Batman you should probably keep that for that next movie you're about to do, you know, maybe that's probably how it happened. I don't know I wasn't there right? It's something to think about and then like hey that connection like the movie I got it would kill it. That would kill it for me. Best Willem Dafoe movie Spider-man friends, right? No, but in and serious know I loved him who knocks Saints. Yeah, that's what I was going to say those Opera. I'm not gay get out of my bed. You can gay person. I loved him as Norman Osborn. He did do really good. He killed him something of a scientist myself. But yeah, I hope Robert Pattinson killed his Batman. It all looks cool so far besides the ears and he looks good as Bruce Wayne. I can visualize that that I'm not I'm not problematic about that. He's kind of got the face got he can I like how they've been showing a lot a whole lot Batman. Yeah. Well I Bruce Wayne. Yeah, I guess excited for as little Bruce Wayne as possible like but I've been hearing the opposite that's supposed to be like a lot of Bruce Wayne. That's what I thought too. That's what Matt was that's what's being crazy that we've been seeing a lot of bad. We haven't seen him in like a suit or something, right? That's something simple to do. But yeah, they're holding that back. I feel like they could like done that like as maybe he's not as like the Wayne symbol or something. I don't know. Maybe he's not. He's not owning up to his riches yet. Yeah, maybe he's not a billionaire Bruce Wayne yet your one. Yeah. I know you're well, that's what I was thinking. Exactly and that's what they were like emphasize. He's just chilling his Mansion building hot rods and ship. He's not out in the public. Nobody knows where Bruce Wayne's at. So. Mmm-hmm. Maybe he comes out at the end like hey, fuck him Batman. Yeah. I'm Evan get that bathroom below whoever why does that? Weird space right now because he's like, I haven't given up the cape yet and they're like, okay speaking of Henry Cavill. This is a perfect segue. I seen something though suggesting him for a another superhero. Yeah over DG. Yeah, have you heard? No, no, but he would Fucking kill at Nick he would absolutely destroy that role dude. I think Wolverine would be crazy. I'd be crazy to see and be seen Immortals either of you. Yes, I have guilty pleasure. So fantastic. Yes so good. It's ridiculous. Yeah all this limo and the boat just worried line to and gods and yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so Henry model for anything. And he's popping off now to which it was awesome. Yeah, so I'm sure he's gonna like probably look into it. But like I heard it was kind of like just a random site and it was like, it could be something completely random, but what do you think of that? Hey the thing is me personally. I want him to keep being successful as an actor because he did Superman as well as he could and I would love to see him back as Superman, but if the guy's not getting a job, you know, he's not going to be relevant. So if you see him as Wolverine, I hope I got In the classic yellow suit with a mask on specifically take them away from doing man still too. I mean then DC fucked up. It's like at this point. I'm not really mad because like how many years like when you did Witcher, I was already feeling like up. Well, there we go, because it's like this is the franchise rights can be stuck doing this for a while. Exactly. And the thing is like he can say like he's a big fan and I agree with it. I'd say I was telling I think he's more heartbroken than anything that they didn't that Manistee. I didn't work out. Yeah. He didn't get a chance to shine because nobody's really Attached to any more like Amy Adams. They stopped dating the guy who built but he'll that's the name the guy who played a oh my God, the chief editor and she Perry white. He he did Ant-Man afterwards so he's like, oh, yeah. I'm now I'm in the Marvel Universe and I'm sure like, yeah. Yeah. I might be the only one at this table that has this opinion, but I don't I didn't like the Superman movies. Oh, yeah. I think they did there with the last ones weren't good either with Brennan reach. Sorry. It's all right here Brendon Ralph the right around read the whole God Brandon Robin was so bad when Ruth was beforehand oyster. We don't look right. There we go. Thank you. Thank you, like sorry route in crisis. I did or I did. Yeah. Well I bet he also liked him on Zack and Miri Make a Porno. I liked him and Dylan dog and stop covid room. He was he's that's right. Captain Marvel was his girlfriend on the golden shower is trying to get a golden shower from fucking Rafi. You heard from Rafi Captain Marvel wants rafi's made it. Captain Marvel's kind of has we Kings you judge these otherworldly, she can do what she wants. Yeah. She like well not really like it. It doesn't make sense our plane of existence right though, but it makes him say here. Yeah, so I forgot how we even got on. Yeah. I started it Batman. Sorry Batman and we worked our way down. Wait. Yeah, we went to how we feel about generally Henry Cavill to okay. So if Batman successful I do SQL and then they're like, all right we need to do. Is expanded universe thing again? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, if Henryville can't come back and do it. Are they just going to recast Superman or do you think that they try to make Superman like a last thing like go elsewhere like oh Wonder Woman you can keep Gal Gadot and you can try work that in some having Flashpoint. Yeah, and you can probably keep as right in there Flash movie coming out. Yeah. Yeah supposedly there suppose it's opposed to shooting in another supposed to shooting in September with Aquaman 2 is already been confirmed and anything. Yeah. So so yeah, I mean, I don't know you think they're going to keep the whole rest and they're just got reboot Batman into it. It's how I act like Sue Randon happened. Right? And well the rumors I keep hearing is that they're going to just act super man and do Supergirl and then just kind of have her as the thing and then she killed the show and then have her on the live screen which I wouldn't want personally and then they wanted Michael B Jordan to do earth to Superman but it's just like you can't do that. If you don't have a solid Superman film franchise first the branch out of that. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? Everyone's just gonna be like it was this right exactly introduced exactly exactly. And you could do it. You can make Superman a space galaxy. You don't have to like keep them on hand. I don't understand that the reasoning for like casting azra Miller as oh a character. Like I like it. I like him as flash. Yeah, I has a I live another life. I didn't you and I mean first pick they've they've already poured so much time and money into I don't know his name but the Flash TV show. Oh, yeah. Yeah, very Frank gustin's flash. Hmm. Why not? Just bring him to the movie if you've already got all crisis on infinite and exit. Yeah, they connected Ezra Miller showed up in the TV show. Okay? I haven't seen it that far. Then never mind Well, we'd all of everything. Well. Yeah kind of like a thing at the end. It kind of hints at its kind of these he's going to because a parent which is as her though. He's he's very Yeah, he's very yeah, like it's basically him and him and then they show Titans throughout their other worlds, like other all the movies that they've done they connected at all. Yeah. Well what's important is he makes it through and he kind of appears in the TV shows universe and they may like what I noticed is they mention was it the speed for speed force and he doesn't know what that is. Yeah, Ezra Miller. / he's like he's like, what was that mean? But he like he doesn't know what it means but he's been using it the whole time like, is that it? Like he doesn't know the technique technical terms behind her some shit. I guess that mean he hasn't encountered his reverse flash or whatever. I guess so wouldn't each flash have their own reverse flash and all they're all the offshoots whatever. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. So if that have the universe's work, I think that's what they're hoping for for this Flash movie to bring him in reverse flash because I've stared they were thrown out names like the guy from them boys. Which blonde hair dude. I don't mind or hatred. Yeah. Yeah or the guy who played Dexter which he's always they always wanted. Shit, like they Michaels - my angel. Yeah, Michael City Hall would be perfect as reverse flash. I would love that because I'd be good counterpart to Asura's. You know, I feel like that's cool with Ezra. It's like just I don't know it looks like that. They try to do like a body double thing like make as a reverse slash as well. I don't know man. There's that kind of thing sky like the inverse. Yeah, it's like nakgil flash. Yeah. Well, I think that's a different. Yeah so many flashes. I seriously think it's nightly. Yeah - demon or whatever. Yeah, there's there's red death and there's like speed or there's like a death thing. Basically. It's like a speed death. We're basically if you go into speed force and you keep fucking with it and chases you and kills you, which is great Grim Reaper. Yeah, basically so they have one and it was Zoom who got captured by him so that way Zoom kind of looked all freaky and like death. Yeah like so I go fucking demon. So yeah, and then basically like that's what was guarding the the speed force from getting fucked up apparently like he's like that watch out. It's weird. It's so complicated but like it's weird but it's kind of cool. Yeah it is and then like reverse flash. He kills like, you know, the storyline kills Barry's parents goes back and he's like, I basically made the Flash See basically creates his archenemy, which is a weird answer. I watched I think the first two or three Three seasons and stopped after that but like the movie adaptation. I don't know what they're going to do with it. You know, what about a wonder if they're gonna yeah. I wonder if they're going to introduce anything in Wonder Woman to good that 84 or whatever because it's coming out here soon. Yeah. I saw it really soon and you'll see that I'm not a huge fan of the first one by see why it's big. I see why people like it we go watch that second one's a like what's up? Cuz I hope it introduces something else under that like flash Green Lantern. So at this point, I think it's too early for Greenland, right Martian. They're like holding it back for some reason for that. I think of anything they introduced it in Flash. Yeah, John Jones. Yeah the awesome WWE don't know the like I'm hoping for it because base just kind of a weird thing because it's in 84. So I'm wondering why they brought her back that time frame, you know, that's kind of a weird thing Batman's in the 90s. Now, she's going back to 84 and then flash point, you know, it's like are they gonna try to make it just hey, this is how it was from the 90s on and then I eat everything from the future and then just make it retro. Well, it depends on when I don't know depends on when they're trying to base this Batman and if they're trying to bring this Batman in yeah because I think he's in the 90s to when he's operating as Batman. Yeah, like I think this movie said it's in the 90s and that's why everybody's like, oh it's kind of close to the Joker movie because it's like, oh, let me see make sure I'm not misquoting. Matt Reeves knows what it's like but yeah, that'd be interesting especially if they try and make the timelines lineup. Yeah. Well, I mean they still have all these other movies going on. So I mean still have the opportunity to combine it together and do that Justice League again they could do Justice League without Superman yeah and dry like hint that a new Superman or something at the end or something right right well know why these didn't try to like Brainiac or something first why they had to like go I don't know they had to go doomsday first yeah I don't know why but know for sure it's going to be in the 90s yeah the batteries Batman will be a detective set story in the 90s okay reported by we got this covered it was reported 12 months ago actually yeah so it's like basically just going into it and like hmm it's 90s 84 Wonder Woman 84 Joker just came out Joe in the timeframe of Joker was 70s I believe I think so 70 so mmm-hmm it's just kind of weird but I don't really have hope for DC so it's kind of like a just gonna be Batman he kind of just keep digging themselves right like I told Kelly I'm like yeah because we covered this story in the last episode about half like the comics aren't successful Most recent run they rebooted it again. They're just going to cancel the comic division. Yep there and stop making comic books big sad, which is sad girl. Like you said like Green Lantern. Yeah that these are like companies and like stories that are decades will like older than yeah. Literally. Yeah Superman super super hero and afterwards Action Comics came out with Detective Comics and it's like Batman came out. It's like these are Big characters and it's just so weird how like you don't know how to make it relevant when it's all there. It's like kind of like the same thing with the book, too. Movies it's just you have the source material there. It's just you just have to take that and put it there. Zack Snyder was a little too much copy and paste for my liking and especially in Batman v Superman cause he was like trying to put a like a lot of visuals in there. But hey, yeah me too me too. Don't get me started on the other two different podcast. But but like it just there's no direction and it's just so confusing and at this point it's like if you do something good, please for once in my life at least accept every fan in DC because the problem is marbles were awarded every kind of little fan forever. Little character that they've had right DC does a really reward anybody besides Batman. Yep. Anybody Batman related Joker's won an Oscar, you know Batman's the biggest thing for easy period right but you still sad like you got to still try. Yeah. Well, I mean, we have Marvel's our demands like debatably like one of the biggest things for it, but it's not even like the biggest pool right now, right? Yeah, it's crazy. It's crazy in Spider-Man 2. That's the thing. It's like, I don't know. It's too much Spider-Man fatigue know it's like it's too much too much. It's a Tom is it Toby? When is a Batman supposed to come out the Batman? I'm I don't know if they have a really good because well, I mean they're shooting right now. So I'd imagine probably next year. Maybe we get a trailer late this year. I'm trying to look. Batman coming out the BAM probably think I'm thinking like maybe fall summer next year. June 25th 2021. Okay the day I got my birthday next year or next year. Yep. Yeah. I thought you might do you think it will get delayed? Uh, I don't I don't see James Bond got delayed. Yeah, because that's good. Yeah. Coronavirus Big Hurt. Yeah. It sucks. Literally we got no time to die. I've see that's coming. impressed with Daniel Craig has done an awesome job so far it's his last movie dude so you don't know how it's gonna end up yeah it could be great could be like one of those things like I fell flat yeah Falls flat it's like I mean for me I like Casino Royale hmm Quantum of Solace was slow right Skyfall slow I like Specter those spectrums cool like I've really tried to change it up like Mads Mikkelsen know a lot yeah he's an awesome actor touch my doctor strange and I was like how like I don't respect her tried to do that whole like twist like pull the rug out from under you yeah like spy Thriller thing it was cool and this one I don't know if they play it by the books it's going to be just boring they need to do something big right no I mean anyways you guys seen what's the name of it Charlie countrymen child LaBeouf movie yeah no no have that I wanted to see honey boy pretty good pretty good movie yeah his semi auto biography but what maybe that one Charlie countrymen Charlie countrymen is Mom or Aunt passes away his mother figure passes away and the last thing she said to him was to go on a trip and find himself or something so he goes to like Bulgaria I feel like that actually happened to trial but I think I think that's what he's doing he's wrong but it's a really good love story I'm gonna check it out I like shy is just he's one of those guys he was always talented it's just he kind of had the attitude thing with me but I mean like I can't blame him did not he active in task in asthma and Mads Mikkelsen is in that movie too that's what sparks oldest yeah so he's actually a bad guy hell yeah fuck yeah all right I'm on board so we About your expectations for dceo, which is nothing. Yeah exact years been like how would you want this to connect all wrap up? If the Batman does great, we already know we have flash on the way Wonder Woman Aquaman 2. I want next I am a die-hard Green Lantern fan. Yes. I want green mom. I want a Green Lantern Rider hurtled so bad now bring them back. They actually used him as a constant part for Alan Scott for the show in whooping but he's like, I want to reboot but not How Jordan yeah now Jordan is my least favorite Green Lantern. Who do you like more Kyle Rayner? Yeah. What about a guy Gardner movie Guy Gardner is trash don't like that shit that traitor fucking Red Lantern piece of shit. There we go. No, sir. Wanted. Yeah. There we go, sir, dear. Turnout Kyle Rayner or Simon baz, probably Simon bass would be a really good one. I mean we already had Jon Stewart in the Animated Series, right? And I don't know I feel like in those days. I would probably be like the way to go and the a few Jon Stewart probably right directed by Green Lantern Jumpers in superhero movies. Hell, yeah, Daddy you really cool. I'll be down with that. Wow that you hit me there. I just wish they would have Miss Jon Stewart like yeah, that's true Suicide Squad just got done rap, dude. I forgot all about that. Who else would you like as John Stewart? Not Tyrese Gibson. Yeah. No, please got that idea and he's been pitching. That's a good question. I don't think I've thought about that before you ever seen that show with Karl Urban and that guy plays a cyborg Almost Human or something like that. He's kind of like a light skinned dude. He has really really light eyes, but he's African table. Black dude, you know like just I think we're talking about for like John boyega or someone John boyega would be cool. That would be a pretty good if my her slow wasn't already doing blade. Hey pretty good bench. Good Jon Stewart. Yeah now he would be he would be yeah. He's doing blade. That's what I'm at. Like a year or two. That's gonna be crazy. I was going to say Denzel but he's too old right now. I can see why though in like the 90s. That would be really that would have been perfect. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be a core even Wesley Snipes. Oh, yeah, younger. Yeah, you could have done it. He fit that mold. Yeah. It's like a Demolition Man is definitely something I would be like making up we can thank Wesley Snipes and blade for giving us all of the superhero movies who have right now exactly. What's Moment of silence for Wesley Snipes because he's sitting in prison right in taxes. He's out now. Is he still evading them taxes? He might I hope you learned a lesson. So like if you got Green Lantern what story would you do started with like first movie? Mmm, we given us. Oh wow. Is it just going to be like a one off or you can try to tie in other people? Probably just a one-off. Okay, give us the origin story. Yeah leave like a little open-ended may be tied in I'm I really like Simon basses origin story. You have to fill me and I'm not a nerd. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, he's a Muslim Green Lantern. Okay, and he gets grants his ring but He's like caught up in a terrorist plot at the time. I like where this is going and the ring finds him, I guess. Okay, and well isn't that how it always is like the ring ends up with hoo hoo. It's supposed to yeah. Oh, he does. Have a cool mask. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Why does he get a cool mask though? They all have different outfits. Like I Gardiner had a bowl cut. This is a fucking dick bag fucking dick bag. They can just manifest whatever. Yeah, they meant a pretty much manifest. Whatever the hell they want. Okay. So Ryan Reynolds was accurate. Yeah. Yeah, it can manifest into right you guys can sue young count book accurate her how Reiner's my favorite Green Lantern because he goes on to be white they slept Latino to That's that to my bright. But Simon baz is origin story is probably the most interesting. Yeah. Okay. Sounds cool. It's a really good comic. Yeah, that's for sure. see like I don't appreciate my band is good I want them to do like I don't know I hope they don't try to connect it they let them do their individual movies right because honestly I'd love for the Batman to do good get like a continuous equals because I want to see like the bat family done right yeah me too I want to see Rob's other than yeah Robin done right do like Court of owls maybe at some point is I think it'd be cool to see like a legit Ra's al Ghul yeah Wormhole last night wing movie yeah That was debts in One Direction. He'll there was one in production. Now. There's like a directory tab Eastwood's son. Yeah, it's like some of the robin there's supposedly that cutscene Chris O'Donnell bag where he's playing, right? Yeah. Yeah because suicide squad wrap the new one. I'm interested in what happens with that too. Uh-huh. Like is that going to tie into Margot Robbie at all? Will we see like previous Suicide Squad members like we know we're still getting Joel Kinnaman. Yeah. We know we're getting Captain Boomerang. Yep. And supposedly El Diablo's been like hidden and like they're behind the scenes Instagram photos and shit, right exactly. Yep, but he's not been listed in anything. But I look yeah, he's not listening not listing credits or anything like that. He's just kind of chilling with them in the picture that we seen right? What about a Legion of Doom movie? I wanted that. Oh my God, I wanted that so bad because like I thought this is my original. Can I could because black yeah, it was introduced. Right and it's just like my original thought for like suicide squad was like it would have been cool if okay. Be Suicide Squad was like the ploy for Legion of Doom where it's like basically Lex Luthor's pulling the strings all along and he's having them go on a goose chase just because he wants to get him out of jail, but not actually break them out. Just take them from those guys and be like, hey now I have the bomb and I can blow your head up. You either work for me or you get your head blown? All right, boom Legion of Doom and and I was like, whoa, that was our oh, but no. Yeah, it's green. Give me a bizarre. Yeah. Yeah, are you like or just give me Nicolas Cage's when that bad? Yeah. Plus cages Bizarro be like some of those suicides. And they're solid one-offs and sometimes they'll give sequel. Sometimes they'll build off of stuff from other movies. Like then people be deader. They'll keep you alive and they're very interested in your changeable characters. Yeah, that's quietly interchangeable. They that's what things can happen Suicide Squad. It's kind of like a lot of Morgan. It's gonna be them on a mission a lot of them died or something Have to remake the squad such a rogue one movies for DC. And yeah, like we're going to lose like the Pete David Davidson. Yeah Borg and all them. Yeah, we're gonna lose them Pete Davis angle Last Night movie. And what's his name? Name Castle Firefly. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's in the movie. Do you like they're going to be like Slipknot? Yeah, just let it off that stupid fucking hop on the plane. Yeah, right. It's like pop. Okay. What happened to him? I slip knot. Okay. So have you seen Suicide Squad? Am I am I going to okay. So there's a Captain Boomerang. He's trying to figure out how legit this kind of head bomb thing. Is he goes to like sometimes? Hey man, I'm full of shit, man. I ain't got bombs on us. I say we you fucking go. And go off. I'm going to go hit this person and we can get out of here. Right? So he fuckin they do that and then he goes goes up in the air and then he's like and then that was it. All right. Hey, it's real. It's legit. It's real and in fact boomerangs are damaging to you. Actually do it Victor zsasz. He's in Birds of Prey. Yeah, is he really? Yeah, Diablo is here you think of that? Yeah supposedly supposed to be in this new one two victories as know. Oh Diablo. Yeah. Yeah, he was working out with Joel Kinnaman and the other guy and they were like, ah, I don't know if they were on the set, but they were all working out and it was weird. It was like and they hashtag Suicide Squad will do. yeah so it's like are they well because we know we know they all got out are ya Deadshot got out I don't think Diablo died and not one but even though the movie doesn't really do a good job explaining anything but yeah now it's like all of a sudden Powers up and then like I forget what happens he's knocked down or some shit yeah it's like blower yeah enchantress probably not going to be there you think she's gonna make a appearance now she busy doing other stuff don't need to roll this so you want it We're called the Smoky Okies for a reason. I begin use this for kind of Milky Way's re-enrolled this bitch. Yeah, I don't know. They I feel like James Gunn's just going to turn it on its head dude. Yeah, um, and it is also kind of interesting because he lost his job before he got this position. Uh-huh got this thing rolling and then he got his job prior in the middle of making this film, right? So it's like how much are you really going to put into this to continue if you're going to get Guardians back exactly exactly. So yeah, he's part 3 that's what I was thinking about. So it's like glue, you know what I'm saying? Like, it's just hope Guardians are you I don't know. I think they go with that the new Guardians that you seen at the end of the first and the second one with do you think there is going to be in Guardians? Yeah, dude as Guardians of the Galaxy like we were talking about American firm that he did was to be in it. I'm behind but he's gonna be with me that I'm like, I think we're gonna appear in the new Thor And this is more recent but yeah, no, that would be cool. That would be cool. If they just interchange those like just kind of intertwined those those franchises that be cool. You know, like it's I don't even on the like on to that topic more. He superhero stuff the were Lovin Thunders supposed to have Christian Bale as like a major villain. That's what school that's you gotta they better have them that damn. Macedon song is the intro. No before that. Yeah in front of the mask the dawn. Jones of blood and thunder but like I'm not to attuned like the word villains or whatnot, but I don't know any thought on how much about the weather. I know like this point doesn't even have to be a Thor Bill and it could be like, especially the guardians or whether it could be like Intergalactic something it could be that would bring more attention because they've well, I want to see if he's made by Peter M. It's fucking Silver Surfer. Wow, he's like a fake villain or something like kind of like how he wasn't fantastic for like not like they're fighting them. They will realize for a while that he's not the bad guy. He's kind of yeah. I haven't seen the Fantastic Four with Michael B, Jordan. Oh, you haven't had not that one. Not that one. Okay, text Silver Surfer, but I mean I've watched out. That's honestly what the hook I hope they do. I hope they just they do fantastic for but yeah, because Lovin Thunders coming out Christian Bale supposedly bad guy role in that be interesting. It's very interesting. It's really star study because it's Tycho Akita you got Chris Hemsworth coming back. I think wasn't think Natalie Portman's now we come back to is right now Thor Natalie Portman and then you got the valkyrie Thor Valkyries. To be in that bitch. It's all about it's gonna be crazy cuz I don't think she is but she's not. Oh, yeah. I thought it was a damn. Well, I think she's like doing her own thing. Maybe talk read the Disney plus Series, right? Hmm. That'd be cool and crazy. I'll be cool to see that but I mean and then we have all the Disney plus stuff this this coming year. Yeah, definitely like the we'll see that's the thing to Disney's just still killing it. Right? Right, and I mean DC's kind of sit on their hands. Cuz I mean they have Wonder Woman this year and that's it. Right? Yeah, that's about it. I think DC properties. There's only like animated films and then big Motion Pictures is that and then I don't think Aquaman has date nights like 20, it's going to be out there like 2022 gonna be after that meeting at least right? Like it's gonna be really far out there and Flash. It doesn't have like a set date does it it's been in development? Hell they've been working on it since like Batman vs Superman. They just recently really something now because there's like Vin so much crazy out. follow up on it but like right now they release something that is said it's going to at least start in September the filming process so that's that's dope but like still I'm not really too hyped because it's still like you know the thing like it's just like but that that it's weird to see like the projected lineup they had prior to 2013 right now it's like completely different it's completely different I feel like it's really impacted like how they're like making these movies and shit do they dropped off cyborg because that's not happening anymore oh I always forget that he was even in Justice League dude young he was supposed to have his own move yeah they didn't we'll see that's the thing to cyborg in Doom Patrol so much better yeah and that's what I was like wow like actually solid like yeah I like it yeah it reminds me like a kind of like a comic book like Teen Titans accurate new materials were wild as fuck man so vividly yeah oh yeah it's very good highly recommend but yeah it's just and that's the thing it's weird it's like hitting solidly on TV and certain corruption things but we're not watching it on the subscription thing on the same grow like and it's just it nothing's really giant Netflix to a different country right thanks Ron there exactly so on Netflix on their shout out VPN that anyone wants to sponsor us yeah I see there's a bunch of them out there sponsoring YouTube DC Universe would like the timeline it's just so fucking funny because now it's literally like yeah you're right Wonder Woman Aquaman maybe flash maybe who knows and then the Batman and that's like really much it that's there's nothing else it's question marks after everyone I'm right besides Wonder Woman it's like the only one that's set in stone it's coming out here soon yeah you know that's it gets delayed to oh God now will now that would be wild it shouldn't it shouldn't feel like it's done done yeah I mean like we've been in the trailers haven't shown a lot which is crazy The trailers make you feel because I'm not even Wonder Woman thing in or DC fam watch him like those look pretty cool me. I'm loving it because I've always pick. I wish yeah Superman was getting that kind of love that Wonder Woman's apparently getting like I feel like there's a lot of love going into it. Well, that's the thing. It's like I said if you want to make a good Superman film, why don't you just make it in the 60s make him like the Retro Superman that everyone known and known as the Silver age or whatever. I because like I feel like that puts in more of a predominant thing and you put in that like time timeline a makes more sense why people would want to like, you know, she's am I watched it. It was like a likable kids movie, but it was real about Shazam to yeah, and then that's getting a sequel because it's leading up to Black Adam to they like introduce the whole family and it to ya in first movie right off the bat. Boom. There you go, buddy. Yeah and in the second case, we don't get to do a second one. Alright, we got it all here. We got it. We got it. Okay cool gasps can lead back now. But yeah, I know it's a it's just crazy because I forgot all about that Black Adam movie. Yeah with the rock. Yeah, he stole You still attached to it? And then they got a I think they just got a director. I'm not too sure but it's supposed to like shazam's gonna have a sequel and then Black Adams going to have his movie and then I guess you're gonna meet like a three cool. Yeah. I think the third one is going to be Shazam vs. Black Adam damn dude, and I wish Superman would've been a part of that because then I feel like that would have been cool. Well don't give me well. He's still like a looming Shadow. I mean he'll I mean that's just simple thing was be like Superman, right? Exactly. So he's always kind of like the shadow just looming over. And yeah, so I mean like DC's just really like I feel like they're kind of the company Wonder Brothers is a kind of company. Let's release this movie see how it goes and then we'll see what we can do and I feel like that's what they're doing and they're in the like they're not doing so good. So they're cutting out all these movies and actors and like now they're just leaving home on stand still when they had contracts, you know, mmm, which is which kind of sucks for them too though. Because I mean there they signed on to do that and they're want to work and then they just kind and then the companies are just kind of like that. it was I think it still would have worked if Zack Snyder wasn't in charge of like the whole universe if he was just waiting yeah and Joshua because the reader is DC God no oh God they pray for that Schneider and I'm like dude that wouldn't change anything in my opinion you're like what is this fixing it would it they think that if we see dark side in this film in and if we see all the stuff it was building towards where babbling towards it apparently the nightmare sequence is what Snyder was building towards he was like I want Superman to be the bad guy because I watched and Justice I thought it was cool and I want to put that on the screen it's like it's just like that's not storytelling that you're doing you're just is cool but yeah like you have to build up to that right and he just uses his just see why it's Superman's the good guy before like why such a big thing that he's a bad guy didn't do that though they were like hey welcome to the fucked Superman show when I Supreme because they tried to do that Mark Superman in the paint them is kind of like that bad guy, right and they destroyed the whole City's that's why Batman didn't like him in the first place. He's that alien that was kind of down here fucking shit up. Right and I feel like that was more of a reaction as opposed to storytelling. Mmm. Oh, yeah, absolutely. Well, that's kind of thing about me and just be like that normal person kind of like that. They want else fucking seeing what I'm seeing. Hmm, right? I just so happen to have the money. See that's why I like though about Batman. Superman how led directly in almost from Man of Steel like that. That was so cool being able to see Bruce's view from the buildings falling. Yeah. That was really cool drum like the ground floor. That was cool. I like it built that it was funny. Like it had such a good thing going for it. You didn't have to fuck it up. It's through these characters that we want to watch duke it out and then it just you made it into like this just before so many things. That should have been taken like time to build you. need Wonder Woman in that film I don't feel like she should have been there like that's not good that she was even in the right and that's the thing that's the introduction it's like dawn of Justice that's what it's trying to evade to is that oh it's the dawn of the Justice League product right be so sneaky with her to like they like try to put in offhanded comments about how like like I can't quote it directly but I feel like she says something about a prior something or other happening like not I don't remember he was in that one or Justice League because they're talking about like assembly and everyone or some shit like that probably just the flu you know I've been watching you know what yeah yeah I think it was like the Knights of men and the they had like different people that were protecting like the cute right yeah that was in Joseph's oh yeah yeah they had the realm of men Wonder Woman had the cube and then Aquaman had the Cuban and Alanis and then there was like it was Mother Box my bad the cube because they fucked mother coxa They brought back Superman with a mother box spoiler. He's Comics. Well, the mother box is not really like it's weird. They made it into kind of like the test rack. Like you said that just kind of like a plot device that hey just you know, like mother boxes like a completely different thing. It's just supposed to teleport you from point A to point B, you know, like that's how a dark side gets here. That's what's freaky about Mother Box. It's like oh shit because he's supposed to come through that with cyborg. stuff like that you know and I don't know man it's just like I said you hear the excitement you hear like things that could work well it just doesn't because they had the wrong people and behind completely wrong idea wrong right thing about it it's just wrong and my suspicion was this and this is kind of like my conspiracy theory where I think what happened was they had the Dark Knight movies come out and they're dark and that tone right and in Man of Steel came out and it came out in a very similar tone and there was very big debate that in the next film would be Batman v Superman they were trying to get Christian Bale yeah I remember seeing a rumor that they offered him like 30 million dollars right shit to do it at that time that was like crazy exactly what Robert Downey jr. wasn't getting that money didn't want to be that yeah right he just because I don't think he liked the vision that it was going to I think they pitched it to him and I think he had the right to call Christopher Nolan worked on Mainland still though yeah because I think he was like executive producers and he's holding Zach he was like but how Batman kills people in Donna Justice yeah right and that's the that's the thing and I feel like he probably read in that because there was also a theory that in in The Dark Knight Rises Man of Steel Superman is the one that saves them from that big explosion they never talk about it again and then Man of Steel was supposed to revisit that or something like that but we're he's carrying the new go right right so but they never revisit that I think that's what happened they told them hey this is how we tie it in this is how you're going to do it as Batman he was like no I don't want to do it and then because nobody wanted older Batman I felt like that was the downplay you should have casted a younger Batman next to this Henry Cavill guy there you go I don't know I like older by love older Batman right right that in the end oh right that's what well that's why I like like his whole view on Superman the stuff because it kind of gave him that grizzled like who the fuck is this yeah City yeah it's just it's weird because the thing is you don't take that older Batman when you're building a Justice League yeah that too that's the problem and that's why I love that Batman but that's why it's Dark Knight Returns in the comic and that's why you're Batman is That's why I like it's like fuck man, cuz it's like you like the grizzly Batman, but that's more like a Netflix series like over-queen front like the Justice League to at first. Yeah. We're Oliver Queen like that's like like is my yapping from the Justice League members that man that man got some money to there but they talk about rich people in the comics and Oliver Queen is up there and I love Green Arrow. He's like my five dude. Well, I think like yeah, I'm pretty sure his money is what fronted the Watchtower. Yeah. Well he was in the original like justice friends as well. Yes your friends. Society that's why I was wondering if they do that some day and do like a Bingham. Yeah. I do like an actual Green Arrow moving. They keep telling Charlie Hunnam from Sons of Anarchy that he'd be perfect. I want to see that do do it. I would love to see Charlie Hunnam do it like a green arrow he or didn't he that's the main characters I'm saying. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the me Jax Jax, I'm sorry. I totally like spaced out on his name and in Sons of Anarchy because I thought of Opie I'm sorry with the hair. Yeah that guy. Yeah. Yeah on the rides a motorcycle jacket. Sorry, I thought of oh so I had PTSD so I'm sorry that's show really fucked me up but yeah Jack's that guy as Green Arrow what do you think I could I can see it but I also really like Stephen Amell as Grey's fantastic he I don't think they gave him a good platform I feel like he deserved a movie you know at some point like right that would have been a better finale it's like gate what they were saying for Game of Thrones why didn't they do that for DC it's like hey do you already tied the universe instead of making a final season here's a green arrow movie with Stephen Amell it's already tied in the universe and like it would be kind of like that kind of my hero like to hero movies or here of rising it's kind of like that o'hare's this as well but I mean man who am I I'm just in here talking on Mike and the guys and Warner Brothers are wiping my ass with but wiping your ass with my opinions you know that's the problem and I still pay for it because I'm so dead to DC because it's like that's my characters you know that's yeah I love shit that's what you like that's on me I'm a slave to the game that's why it's like man why I told Kelly is like don't throw out that Tyler Hotel Superman showing I'm going to watch it because fuck that still fixed I get it's like it's not great but hey you know feel you Dude but Redstone was dude I feel yeah yeah man the fucking I don't know you destroyed me right no I mean Green Lantern bands and Superman fans we like it's like that mean with the handshake just yeah in the light I'm not a huge DC fan but what I do like of DC and what they've been trying to adapt I don't like yeah Teen Titans I really fucking up that's what I kind of held close I love my heart art as well but TV show really want to see it the show I'm actually Batman Beyond okay so here's my thing about this just do Harry McGinnis put this out oh dude Michael Keaton and have him return as Bruce I'm not gonna sit in the seat the whole time oh hell yeah around with a cane hell you can do I love Michael Keaton so much the other guys only funny in the don't do don't do that to me what what what other movie birdman' Birdman thank you thank you Spider-Man vulture. Yep. Yep, spoil the word water. But you knew that is in the trailer dummies big dummy. Yeah, I think that'd be cool Batman Beyond and Indiana would be sick. That's one of my favorite Batman cartoons. Yeah. I see Robert Pattinson would miss Whedon. Hey Lionel. Yes, he would have been a Terry McGinnis even like when they were setting like to see that. What about what's his name the kid from Teen Wolf? Oh others. not yeah Tyler something that the tan guy kind of with like he look he looks like he has a dislocated jaw yeah man yeah man carrying a character yeah yeah I used to love that show yeah but I would fuck with him as Kyle Rayner honestly yeah like honestly I'm kind of seeing this Kyle Rayner you know sorry I had to appease your like nice yeah no I mean that's the thing there's so many good characters that DC has that you want to cast these big name actors for because hey let's see e it whatwhat's wrong and Geoff Johns I don't know where his control is at but he needs to be like Kevin feige and they say it is like that but I don't think it is I really don't because if you have Geoff Johns and charts and he's doing good shit in the comics and the movies are coming out like this something's wrong right right something's wrong so and now like we said JJ Abrams let's see how that goes a snipe so much talent they've JJ rooms his production company working on movies they have Brian Michael Bendis working on the comic book side Steve Spielberg I don't know if this is this is in production hell Blackhawk this old DC Comic about planes and like high-tech planes Steven Spielberg was directed tied to direct that movie I don't even know if it's coming out I don't know anything about yeah it's just about like how can I assist you upside down it's literally like high-tech Tuskegee Airmen basically they were like Tuskegee Airmen with the most high-tech planes in the time period so that's what made him different kind of like mask and GI Joe kind of that feel so it's like that and Steven Spielberg is dr. Mann right like yeah Rocket Man Steven Spielberg like attached that that type of film and that timepiece what do you think that would have been dope and I don't know if it's even gonna happen because I don't even think I like cash in things here recently yeah I really I'm too much height for him too much it's still got that Jaws Hope ya fucking God damn it to know that's John Cameron sorry James Cameron yeah so on we're talking about that dude supposedly like all these like the Avatar sequels they've been filming back-to-back-to-back so they're supposed to come out like yearly is what they're prepping for that's interesting yeah they've been filming them and they've been doing everything for him and supposedly they're getting them ready to release sequentially so that will get yearly Avatar films coming up yeah I guess starting next year or this year I can't remember I ain't ready for that you ready to see an awesome I actually just guys sick to my stomach humming maybe they'll come out with like 40 I maybe that's what movies I'm good spritzes you like Flavor yeah you get that like you get to feel that bear when they have sex like that little tail thing that they put in good or you can just somebody's gonna come like the guy from the stands gonna be okay I can't do this I'm sorry my dad has a ponytail be triggering me your ponytail do you you can't you can't have ponytail I can never like connected your ponytail to anything after that movie Now I feel like I've like had to say I blocked that part of that movie out. I love like Robot Chicken makes me not want to watch anything rabbits fucking like there's a lot to look forward to we got Batman in the Avatar and Marvel's meanwhile being just super mysterious with what they're doing. Yeah, that's super close to yeah. It makes you so much fearful that superhero movies or dying and that's what I'm scared of them like to don't do that. I mean westerns. I like it though. I like that. There's kind of slowing down. I mean they've been pumping crazy shit out for the past like 15 and it's shit something like most like is it kind of like we can we say like yeah just getting more ridiculous I feel like they're mostly good like there's only their do like our ones I didn't like oh I like okay I've got you oh yeah yeah yeah I don't think I have seen even seen the third one the third door yeah Ragnarok correct oh I got to go get caught I was going to say that when I highly suggest High highly suggest or Ragnarok yeah no I do like it took me like so Thor and Hulk and Tycho Akitas directing that one right to be like six or eight months to watch in game until it mantric came out I watched on Disney plus that's awesome though but like your reaction how was that like from first reaction of watching a game on Disney plus how that feels oh I cried the entire movie that's awesome no I'm I'm actually glad that I hire movie that's not so you have like sore really oh yeah impressive right that's all later no I'm happy I need to hear show a because that whenever I went to go see I remember the first five guys I appreciate that the first five minutes you get like Hawkeye and his kid gets dusted yeah like I said I will agree motherfucker wow yeah soon as cocaine yeah instantly was crying like what the fuck is like as soon as you see it unfolding you know yeah but oh my God fuck you yeah it is low this is so low it right here will be disappearing like oh fuck your I knew this yeah I'm gonna have to watch this again tomorrow - dudes - five minutes - he's teaching her how to shoot and then he goes to grab the arrow and he turns Viking K2 that's fucking terrible yeah just gone as like God damn it yeah you think how do you how do you tease this and then yeah yeah and that was a perfect just a prank bro and it just it just goes to show ya yeah that was perfect yeah like you said to you and your emotions are a my boy teary-eyed right there to lend a bookie fucking moment but I hate you I love this that's just that's the type of feeling you need for moving solutely yeah and that's what yeah that's why I think makes a great movie if it makes you do that if it makes you like Perks of Being a Wallflower yeah for sure oh and like even like she will make you emotional different ways like me and Lauren dude yeah oh yeah for me dude like bro fucking robot bro Mandalorian yeah it's just Mandalorian does it to me I cried okay so I cried Mandalorian I'm gonna I cried in my hero yesterday watching two Heroes watching it because you get to see like Silver age all my and I'm like Superman yeah it basically and it's just it was such a good movie to watch and then like just stuff like that that's like nerd appreciation you have to absolutely the creators like some credit for that shit because like that cries that westerns and John Wayne movie right exactly and Joker's taxi driver and everybody what is it what was his name that hates Marvel movies apps scores 80 fucking won't direct Hulk I mean but he's got some good movies to he's got some great movies man and that is the podcast for you folks we appreciate you thanks for listening and fuck 80 I will end you