Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.All right. All right. So this episode 1 is going to be it's going to be a little quick and dirty. I'm not going to get into too much detail about everything or take up too much of your time for at least the first run just because I kind of want to get a feel for everybody and see what everybody wants to hear about and all that kind of stuff. But basically what I'm going to do in this first episode, it's kind of run through.Little bit of what the vibe Dojo actually is now / shows our community. I started I want to say in 2017 2017. I think it started on Instagram and it's basically an entire community that that is sitting around hip-hop and Anime. So I kind of took those two things. I was super interested in that. I've always been interested in that. I've always loved and that I could feel like I could talk about for a long time and I just threw them together. Made this Instagram page and then took it off in there. Now the plan I think was always a start a podcast. It's taking me a while to get to it obviously, but this is always something I wanted to do. So, I'm glad I'm really glad that I get to kind of jump in here and and see what this is about see what this content creation podcasting is about and although I'm doing the podcast now, it won't be the only form of audio content because I think I'll also be going over to YouTube and doing some you know, Longer form video essays on there. So yeah ABDO Joe's the community focused on and mean hip-hop those two surprisingly have a lot of interplay between each other more than one might expect. You know, when I first started this people would like what does have to do with each other. You know, what does anime & Hip Hop have to do with each other? It's just like the It doesn't necessarily have to have something to do with each other like succinctly, you know, I'm saying like it just it's just a vibe. It's just a vibe that goes well together. I don't know. What's I'm not explaining. I guess it's part of me growing up with both of those are forms influential in my childhood and how its kind of continued on into adulthood. Yeah. That's basically what the vibe Dojo is. It's a community, you know, there's other creators that I've worked with within this community. There's other people that I talk to all the time where there be Instagram or Twitter which were also um, but it's basically When I came up with this concept of this community, one of the big things for me was always to have just a place where people come and chill and hang out and talk. I really like that kind of that Community Vibe of just not taking things for granted just you know coming in chill. You can always stop by. You know, I think anybody would say that if anybody hits me up on Instagram and I usually respond pretty quickly or you know, replying to comments and that's one of the big things about the community. It's just engaging with each Other and kind of coming together around these two things that have influenced us or that we love so that's it for that part. And then basically I guess we'll kind of talk about the format of this specific podcast right now. It's just me Brandon, but hopefully in the future I want to get some custom on here and turn it to him orbit discussion thuram talking with and to people and not to a mic then to you Jim different interests in finance from co-host for this. You know just got to figure out some logistical stuff and and schedules and you know, I've got a few people at mine who I've been talking to for a while about coming on to the to this project. Okay, that's one of the things in the future and as far as you know, as far as what exactly is going to be in the podcast, I think every episode we can talk about things in both anime and Hip-Hop, but I you know, I might want to kind of Branch out at some points to and Do some things like, you know, what's going on in both the mediums as far as news is concerned, you know hip-hop news animated news, maybe kind of talk about what everybody's listening to kind of talk about what everybody's excited for what are you what you're watching and you know all that kind of stuff. There's a lot of content between these two mediums that you know, we we consume a lot. You know, I know people in the community on Instagram, we will go through shit, but also one of my favorite things about that Instagram Community is defect it. Through some of the contents and some of the bees I made I've been able to introduce some people to some enemy. They had actually experienced before which is kind of funny thing in music too. But yeah, so yeah, as far as a format, there's no real like set in stone format for it. I'm kind of just winging it at the moment, which is fun. I'm not gonna lie like just just to be able to kind of get in front of Mike and talk without worrying about you. You know, which segment needs to go where and all that kind of stuff at this point. It's kind of fun. But I definitely do want to Branch out and say yeah, and also I guess I also talked about other platforms. We are on Twitter and when I say we there's Bob Jones more than one person. I'm kind of the most active in it right now, but there are a handful of people involved. And so I kind of just get used to saying we all the time but we are on Twitter. We are Instagram wrong. We have Facebook group. Which I will plug at the very end. I plug all this stuff at the end. So don't worry about that. And I think we even have a Tumblr. I haven't touched that Tumblr and forever. So I don't know what's going on over there. Probably just stewing and probably like a big ask you actually that's just uploading shit like a fucking robot. And so yeah, and of course YouTube which not that active on YouTube anymore. I used to upload the what the community would know his Vibe vignettes, which is basically like Instrumentals or low five tracks or whatever her to the background of like a gift and then when I will post an Instagram, I post it on YouTube as well. They were just like short bullshit like one minute to minute things, but also might want to try to do some longer form versions of that. Maybe I don't know. And as far as future content goes, you know, obviously this podcast is going to be a staple of the content that I'm going through and I've tried some things before that. I really liked. I just wanted to find a good way to bring him back that stopped doing it. So it's pretty example manga. Monday's is the thing. I started thinking last year. I stop doing mine on Mondays, but basically it was I would take a manga I would kind of do this like mock-up Of a synopsis with some maybe some manga caps in there and kind of explain who wrote the manga when was it published and what's it about and then I kind of like, you know, make some comments about why I like it so much but that was like a idea for me just to kind of introduce people to new manga and also hopefully get people to like Point stuff out to me that I haven't read yet, which is a lot because I haven't read that much as much as I did, you know back in the day. But that was when I think I'll stop because I just kind of ran into a wall of wanting it to do the content better. But I have an idea on how to do it better beat maker Monday's where I found a, you know producers on Instagram or what have you and kind of shouted them out. WIP Wednesdays same thing but with artists on Instagram and there was something oh the clap crepe. Yes. The collab crave was a series I had where I was basically taking two artists from any medium whether it's like, you know, I think one of them was Isaiah Rashad and I understand pack and Mike lab grade for that week was kind of explaining what how I don't want to see them collaborate on something whether it be like an boom or an EP or just one song it what I think it would sound like and all this other stuff and I definitely do want to bring that back with probably in video format so I can kind of get my thoughts across better than just slapping some words onto a image and Instagram. So yeah, those things will definitely be making a return at some point probably sometime soon as I get some kind of editing programs down, but for now it's yes, basically Instagram content and the podcast and then random as sweets. Twitter and I guess folks for future content probably also include interviews. I've never really interviewed anybody before so if I do do that it might be a little rough starting out but you know, hopefully we'll get there and get some cool people on to talk to them about both the anime in the hip-hop side. So yeah, I'm really excited for that. I think I want to eventually build up the community big enough to have a Discord server. You know, you shouldn't go nuts in there. You can we can do all our wild shit and this court server and kind of just kind of keep it off the Instagram knobs get Wayne those of us who are wild or wild everywhere we go. So yeah, man, that's that's kind of where I wanted to go as far as content is concerned. I don't really have another time frame for this podcast on how long it'll last generally speaking for now. Like I said, this is a quick and dirty intro and I didn't really have any ideas going in about with I wanted to be an hour-long podcast, which I die. Do me talking for an hour or whether I just wanted to be a quick 10 minute thing. And I guess we'll kind of dial it in. I'll get your guys feedback on it with you. Like what do you not like and you know kind of see where it goes from there. So yeah, that's the plan for content in the future. And as far as time frame goes we're kind of still working on that and the format we're still working on that and I guess in the next few episodes. I will try to get deep down into like let you guys get to know me a little bit more, you know, so I'll probably have a couple of get to know me episodes where I go through my favorite hip-hop albums and my favorite producers or whatever, you know pick a number and then fill that list out and then go from there, but I also always want to get your feedback on that too and kind of see what you guys are feeling. You know, what do you like? What do you what are you listening to all that kind of stuff? This is just going to be a more. And way for people to find us and also for people to kind of hear what he has to say and also speaking with the community has say do want to do some content in future where you know, I kind of read comments and tweets and messages, you know about suggestions and all that kind of stuff create some kind of like form for us to kind of gather around and for the community's voice to be heard too. So I think that's it for now at least for this first episode. I don't want to go too long on you but But you have and I we're gonna keep going to keep going. We're going to keep trucking and kind of see where this goes. The vibe is right. I'm feeling good about it. And we're just going to kind of tune in next week to see what level this goes to the next basically. So yeah. I hope you enjoyed Oh, and before I forget another thing is I think going to drop on Fridays. I think that's where we're going to do which gives me a whole note. Obviously the whole week to record if there's so much And then have it up by Friday. I think Friday sounds good. I think I like Friday. But yeah. So this has been the first episode of the vibe Dojo podcast if you're still here, I really appreciate you sticking around. I'm glad you joined us and I hope you come back for episode 2. If you want to find us on social media, you can find us at Vibe Dojo on YouTube. You can find us at Vibe underscore Dojo on both Instagram and Twitter and Van I think on Facebook. It's the vibe Dojo. Yeah the place out. I'm going to play a new track a new single from my good friend Frank Twitchy. It's called puddles from his album called puddles, and I hope you guys enjoy. Thanks for hanging along and we'll see you next time. It's time that a flying a drone classic upside-down blush and I'll my heart can't control this part. See my name stress check my page less keeping these strings together. You know that I'm living well. No, thanks won't last but I just might ask are you down magic? Look at my face and I see how you gonna handle it. Nothing works for the benefit my name of your head as a resident, but I'm just that not much nothing less of it. Reflecting on what my mission was gonna let me up when there's no one to pick me up and be treated like I might go missing up but still on my game. I'm I slip it up. You see the bag. I don't have enough only thing. I know what's level of video games. Are you flexing up? But both of the things I got out of nothingness a me fall in love. no charge