What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday show on the Friday host tie Hudson. Hope you guys I really hope you had a fantastic week. I know last weekend. Mmm last weekend was just brutal, right and then middle of the week Razorback baseball. They drop a midweek game their first of the Season rough, but the men's basketball team doing some good. The ladybacks got a dub today, right a just a little while ago before I started recording this fine Thursday evening. Of course, you'll have this podcast in your ears Friday. This thing will be live six a.m. On the 6th. How about that? How about that? Also in the next segment after this our very own Kyle Sutherland has an interview with Curtis Wilkerson. Who's a scout in contributor for prep Hoops, Missouri? He's also a contributor for busting brackets as well. You can follow Curtis on Twitter at Sea will kunder score hoops. And again, you can follow him off sell or follow his work on with Pratt poops at preps prep Hoops, Missouri Mo and at busting brackets on Twitter if you guys want to do that, but he'll be on Kyle will interview him and that'll be that next portion of the show. Thank you guys for downloading and listening. Like we always try to remind you feel free to give us some star power on iTunes. We really really super duper appreciate it while you're listening right now. Oh, wait. Wait, I need to go do that. I need to go slap some star power for our boys at the HTTP. All right, let's let's start off. Yep. The the Razorbacks the the women's they get it. They get the dub in the SEC tournament their first game. That's good good stuff. We had some great coverage. Shout out to sports and culture Tyler over there doing work. I'm telling you if their name is Tyler, you just got to you just gotta know they're putting in the work and A good dudes anybody, you know named Tyler and Tyler is certainly doing it over there. So shout out to him for helping us out there and sending us some information and while we were while we were all busy today trying our best to keep up with the game. He was he was there so shout out to him and sports and culture as always. And we know Porter also works with him as well. He contributes to them as well and Porter I've said before I don't know people talk about what I you do all these shows you work really hard and I'm like you you haven't met our very own Porter Hayes. Apparently this guy it stays pretty damn busy. And of course Jacob and Kyle also those guys writing over on the hawk talk dotnet. Don't forget to check out the hog talk not dotnet almost said not net the hog. Talk Dot. That go check out the work over there. Those guys are doing great. Okay Razorback basketball. They get some Vengeance all up on the LSU Tigers winning that game 99 290 Arkansas, I mean I would say that this is this is how good this is their potential that first half that we that we witnessed. That's the potential of this team. Second half LSU switch things up the made some adjustments. They played some full-court pressure. They were doubling up. They were chasing guys. They were chasing Razorbacks out off the perimeter a little bit more. They went to a more aggressive man defense or and even when they did switch It was aggressive like they were all over the Razorbacks on defense. Unfortunately for them. They would come up short. They're going to they end while they've got another game laughs but after this game there 20 and 10 with an 11 and 6 Conference record Arkansas now 1911 with a seven and Ten Conference record. You're already you're for five games ahead of where I had Arkansas, right? I didn't I thought when you talk like preseason before the regular season, I had them between 14 and like six. 18 wins and here they are. Let's go over the numbers really quick. LSU it's not like they were terrible from the floor. I mean my God, they shot 44 percent 40 percent from three-point range. They were they were so they were 31 of 70 from the floor 11 of twenty seven from three-point range. They shot almost seventy four percent or right at 74% at the free-throw line. They were 17 to 23 there. They had ten offensive rebounds 30 defensive rebounds. So they had 40 rebounds in this one and they got some production off their bench Williams with 16 points he had six rebounds three defensive and three offensive not too bad. But the entire everybody and it with LSU got into some heavy foul trouble especially early on and I thought that was interesting. They were able to switch it up play more aggressively on defense in the second half and it's like they got called for Less fouls. I mean they still got called for some for quite a bit in the second half. But when you consider how aggressive they played and in the fact that I mean, I don't know do you think they got away with some some ticky-tack or or some? Do you think they got away with anything more than what they had going on in the first half did it seem like to you guys because it did to me a little bit and I thought some of that was makeup calls for LSU. I felt like the FCC officials were like, okay, we're going to let them play a little bit more but there were still some ticky-tack foul calls in the second half. I'm not gonna lie to you LSU's upset about the foul. You know, they had they had 23 attempts at the free-throw line to Arkansas is 54 Oh doesn't bad officiating suck. I said earlier in the year the LSU game. That was an even up until this point. It's the second worst officiated game of the year for Arkansas on the road at LSU earlier. That was not a very well fishy at game at all. And the SEC officials already have a terrible reputation. Okay, they lead all the power five schools in most most foul calls. I saw that record someone. To on yester was it Tuesday? Tuesday or Wednesday? Someone posted I don't have the numbers in front of me. But the SEC officiating they call Far More there's way more fouls. It was like almost a thousand more than the second most. I want to say it was was it the pack the second most foul calls throughout the throughout the season so it's ridiculous. I mean someone's going to be in first, but the disparity there is incredible as you see officiating is bad it just is so anyways. Yeah, I do. You think LSU was allowed to play a little bit more aggressively and they weren't getting called for some of the same stuff. They were doing in the first half but that's fine. They still Arkansas at 50 for free throw attempts. I'm not going to I'm not going to complain about that. I'm not gonna do it not gonna do it. So anyways getting back to it LSU leading scorer was maze with 28 points. He was about the only one that didn't get in heavy foul trouble of of the starters. But listen, they had two starters. Foul out I missed that I missed that Petey and postgame show I thought only one fouled out it was two I forgot smart did file out smart and days both fouled out days had four points and Taylor had four points, which is crazy because listen to the first half you heard his name called about 14 times, but the guy only had four points five rebounds. I guess it was because of all this fouling he was doing early on he played hard though. He played hard. I thought Taylor played really hard for LSU in the first half and then Off the Bench. Like I said Williams is their leading scorer. 10 assists 3 steals as a team and three blocks they turn the ball over 10 times Arkansas. How about this Ethan Henderson gets another start and he looks fantastic six rebounds to offensive for defense if he had a in the cyst and he had ten points four rebounds. Shy of a double-double. That's not too bad. No blocks in this one, although of the starting five. He was one of two that didn't have a Blog Mason Jones was Other one but Bailey wit and Joe all three had blocks but 10 points 6 rebounds, you'll take that 27 minutes. That's some pretty good production. If you want my opinion, it's improved production. Ethan Henderson has been kind of a surprise these last several games. Okay. It's not been as consistent towards the end of the year. But I mean, it's more than we've had of out of Ethan Henderson all year long. You actually got to rotate nine guys out of this one seals. Off the bench 34 minutes yet again logs double-digit points with 13 1 turnover to assist three rebounds one offensive Arkansas with six total offensive rebounds. They got outrebounded in this one. Just by 5, huh? What was the first game like plus 500 for LSU is ridiculous. It was it was ridiculous and we all know it and then this one look at like what happens and what's the difference? I don't know. It's not like Ethan Henderson had 15 rebounds, but it was wet. Jimmy went who was attacking the boards with with 15 total rebounds 14 defensive and one offensive 26 points Okay, let's go over the numbers for Arkansas 50% from the floor 33 percent from three-point range. They were 7 of 21 there and then 36 of 54. That's not very good. But I guess when you consider the amount of free throw shots, you'd it's you know, the more shots you take the more risk you make right. You're more likely to miss when you keep on shooting at the fruit that alignment my God, they shot like they had like eight missed free throws in a row there towards the end 36 and 54 there. So just Of 67% again, six offensive rebounds 29 defensive rebounds 35 total 14 assist in this game for Arkansas. Someone needs to do some numbering there. They need to they need to do some they need to dig through Arkansas season. I don't I'm not saying this is their best performance from an assistant point, but it's got to be up there for steals 3 blocks and only five turnovers again to LSU 10. You had 15 points from the bench. Okay, we talked about getting consistent bench production. I think we can argue these last several games. The bench production has been a little bit better and mostly because the seals Cheney had the other two points. And something else I'll say about Ethan Henderson. This is going to be the first game where he logged more than 10 minutes and didn't get didn't have at least four fouls. You only have three fouls leading scorer was made to Jones surprise. Surprise is 830 plus point game. He had 36 points with like I said 26 for of your starting five had double digits Isaiah Joe with 11. I'm not gonna say Isaiah Joe was a non-factor. I don't ever believe that because when Isaiah Jones on the floor, it's like having the king or queen and chess. It's like playing when you don't have them. On the floor. It's like not having a king or queen on the board. And so that's what it's like with Isaiah Joe. You see how LSU's trying to was really they did not want to give him any open looks his shots were contested. How about him to a debate at the free-throw line? But he was one of seven. I mean, he was more or less from a shooting standpoint. He was irrelevant one of seven. Right. I mean damn Bailey was o4 to but Mason Jones with for of two and then seals, excuse me. I'm sorry. I said forth to my bad for of six. I'm reading these numbers. I'm getting ahead of myself and then seals was to of V Harris o for one. What is it is it just me Harris is losing minutes and we're seeing more production out of seals off the bench at 35, you know Lock 34. I don't know what is averages since I don't know just the second half of the season, but I'm really liking the The increased production out of him. Just coming off the bench. He's been quietly. He's kind of been an X-Factor himself, right? We talked about Isaiah Joe Mason Jones and wit. How about Feels how about Ethan Henderson 27 minutes 10 points already set at two offensive rebounds, you know six total. He had an assessed didn't have a block but still like Ethan Henderson is starting to become a defensive kind of Dennis Rodman on the floor you wish she was a little bit taller maybe a little bit more aggressive but so far. Yeah, he's not gonna he's not going to get you 14 15 a game but he's gonna get you some rebound. He's going to try and crash the boards. That's why I like about Ethan Anderson. Ethan Henderson went to the free-throw line. I think this is the most all year. He had nine attempts. He was 4 of 9 at the free throw line 3 for 3 from the floor. Yeah. Good night for him. Arkansas gonna close out the regular season. This is going to be a test. Am this will not be as easy. As you know when Arkansas play them at the beginning of the year. I thought Arkansas should win that game. This game it's going to be a little bit different am. Ain't him has been I mean, they're look they're 15 and 14. They've played a little bit better the second half of the Season since they play Georgia. They had a three game win streak that included at Alabama at home against Mississippi State. They lost a I think if I remember right that Kentucky game was pretty good was pretty close up until the final few minutes. I think Kentucky pulled away. I might be getting that mixed up with another game, but they lost that 169 to 60 then they went on the road against that Shoe and I lost that one 64 250 but they just beat Auburn 78 275. Okay. I don't know that they're necessarily. I don't know what they're playing for. I don't I have no idea if they get a 16th when and then get some wins in the tournament. Maybe they can go to the NIT s but like I said, no one really plays for the NIT as we all know that I think Musselman obviously is playing for shot the NCAA tournament in his mind. I don't think he's even thinking of the NIT s Fans like myself are because that's a huge win for Arkansas who was not picked to make any postseason play your one you'll take the indictees considering the circumstances. But our nobody plays for the unite. He's let's get real here, but that could be what AM maybe on the back of their mind the opportunity to play some more get some more time, you know. Get a little bit more time to play together and get some postseason play and I don't know maybe make a run in the NIT s and no one will even know about it. I mean really can you name the like the last three and I teach amps I sure as hell can't Mississippi State or excuse me, Texas A&M God. I'm gonna keep doing this. I swear Texas am not so good. This year points per game overall in the year. They're I mean, they're one of the worst they average about 62 points a game, but their defense there another one of these defensive heavy teams only give up 65 points a game. That's top 60 in the country. I've said this on the pig trail over and over anytime your top 100 in. In any team stat, you know in basketball that's pretty good because there's 400 plus teams in this league. So yeah top 60 their 58 in the country's not half bad, but their rebounding is also pretty bad like Arkansas. Is there around thirty three rebounds a game they don't they apparently don't move the ball around too. Well because they averaged just around 11 assists per game. You know, I know they're pretty excited. About the recruiting class coming in. They've got three guys signed all of which pretty highly rated on on ESPN is a highly, you know, 83-79 77 is they're great on ESPN Hayden Hefner Le Damian Bradford and Hassan da ra da ra I'm not going to say what it looks like when you first when you first glance at I'm not going to lie. I thought it was diarrhea, but it's diarra. I think that's on diarra. That's what I that's what I do here. That's my contribution. I butcher names here on the http. This is going to be a tough battle on the road. They have I mean, look, they've played a little bit better since Arkansas played them earlier in the year. Remember Arkansas beat them 69 59. They're gonna be looking for some payback after that. They went on a little too game win streak. They beat Mississippi State. Excuse me. They beat Ole Miss. I told you I'm gonna keep doing this Ole Miss at home. And then on the road against Vanderbilt, they lost a couple they'd be Mizzou on the road. They beat, Tennessee on the road 63 215 Eight, you know again kind of glancing over there impressive wins that add Alabama win is impressive but at Auburn is definitely the season high for them. Seventy eight 275. Wow, I don't know if there's if there's going to be a hangover. You don't really hear about that much in basketball if there's going to be a hangover, but am in that game nobody really blew the doors off the hinges from a scoring a Aspect but there's nothing that really stands out other than you know, I mean look they rebounded well against Auburn they shot just you know, just under 48 percent from the floor 38 percent from three-point range 8 of 21 there 14 to 22 at the free throw line at 63% that got a little bit of bench production. I really just wonder if this was just a bad game even though Dowdy had 25 points for Auburn. It might just be A matchup nightmare, sometimes that happens in basketball. It's all about that matchup and maybe that had something to do with it. But you know, I didn't watch that game and I I'm going to be honest. I really have no idea how the hell am pulled that off. But that's a good win for them. They're 15 and 14 overall in the year 9 and 8 in conference play if Arkansas wins this that will put them at 8 and 10. If we're going to get into the conversation of making the NCAA tournament, we have to be honest with ourselves. There are some I believe Porter said he felt like Arkansas to have to win the entire SEC tournament. I think that's what he said or maybe make the SEC tournament or the championship game. I think Joe lunardi said something similar. I don't know. I mean there is something to be said about Isaiah Joe this team with Isaiah Joe and this team without Isaiah, Joe and lunardi said it himself selection committee is going to consider that. The selection committee is absolutely going to this is going to be something they look at look at the record with Joe especially these last, you know several games. Arkansas is a different team. Now that that Georgia loss II don't even know I Arkansas was a better team. They still drop that thing by 10 points 99 289 with a healthy Isaiah Joe with a healthy Mason Jones and and wit and you still drop that thing on the road, but it still Missouri's a wind 78 268 his season win a 669 you whup that Tennessee rear end at home. That was a good one. I mean just for me I left payback. They did they did US dirty on the road a 261 we got some payback there but then on the road you lose you lose by double digits and you turn around and you play a decent I guess a quad to LSU team. Someone asked that in our Discord what LSU? I think they're more or less a quad to so a decent quad to win. But now you've got to go on the road. You got to beat am you can't lose that's one thing. I do know, I'll say that right here. You can't lose this game. You lose this. Yeah. I don't know how you get in. I just don't I know people want to bring up what I think it was at Florida last year that got in with like an 18 win record with a eight and Ten Conference record. I just I don't know different years different circumstances. I just don't know I can't I'm not in their minds. I don't like I said, I'm going to have a hard time like a Joe lunardi were here right now. I wouldn't really have a good case other than hey. What about Isaiah Joe? You said it yourself selection committees going to sitter consider? Say Joe right with with how good our gets with Isaiah Joe their tournament team. We know that they are a tournament team. Why do we have to why do we have to keep reminding people of that? So if you win this one on the road my take is you win this one. I feel like if so that puts you at 20 and 11 on the year. I feel like if you get to in the SEC tournament, I don't know how you you Leave Arkansas completely out of this thing. I just don't. And then if you do win 22 fans are going to be you know, if you went 22 and you don't get into the NCAA tournament, you do get into the NIT. I mean you will with that record fans are just going to be really pissed and in that much more upset that they're having to settle for the NIT s if you find a way to get to 22 with this with this record, not another quad one wins don't exactly, you know, and you do have a you do like I said, you still have regular season a losing record in conference play. That's the other Thing so I guess you really can't blame the selection committee if you miss so. I don't know. I know it's I know it's tough to swallow when you play this well, and here's the thing to Mason Jones Isaiah, Joe and Jimmy wit you hate to feel this way or at least I do but it feels like to me this could be the last we see of all three of them. I don't know and so with that thought in the back of your head, you hate to see this all go to waste if they do leave. Maybe I'm wrong. I hope I'm wrong. I mean obviously wits gone, but but Isaiah Joe and mr. Jones the big to there. The good news there is it you definitely have room for everybody in this upcoming class, you know have to worry about that. But or am I wrong am I missing somebody I feel like I might be missing somebody to have room for all these kids all these transfers and and this incoming freshman class. I you're going to hate you're going to hate to see them go and feel like this year like, oh my gosh, Mason Jones. What a year Isaiah Joe. I mean, where would this? Be if he hadn't got it gotten injured. If he hadn't been banged up, where would this team be if they were and I know this is hard to say because nobody's a hundred percent healthy throughout the year. But where would this team be? If Isaiah Joe didn't miss those games and you're just we're going to think what if Oh, man, what a waste not for them. It's good for them. You can't blame these kids for looking at the opportunity, especially if you're if you're if you're giving a grade midriff mid second round, you gotta you gotta put yourself in these in there shoes. You got to put yourself in their shoes. It's hard to blame kids even though sometimes and I can think back to football and guys left early and you thought what are you doing? You really need to come back? I don't I don't know that I blame anybody though for jumping a little bit early to go to Pros to get that money to get the chatter. Okay. We're in a market economy. That's what we do here. We make money in the US. That's what's great about this country and these guys want that opportunity and you can't blame them wouldn't you if you were 19 20 21. Hell. Yeah, you would even if it was a second-round money. It's hard to it's hard to overlook that and what happens if you come back and you get banged up and you lose more time or God forbid something worse. You lose out on the whole year. So, okay. Well, we'll transition really quick to football. I want to talk about Cadence salt or I had a screenshot sent to me the other night just a couple nights ago Trey bitty and Danny West have Crystal bald the four-star prospect that four-star dual-threat quarterback, six 185-pound quarterback out of Cedar Hill, Texas for this 2021 class. They have both Crystal bawled him to Arkansas. That was just a couple days ago. I believe he is a unanimous for start at least according to the 24/7. It's composite score a point nine one four star. They have him ranked. Again. It's the composite score. There's two different scores here nationally ranked at 244th in the country the top ten dual threat quarterback in the 39th overall player in the country now to according to the just the 24/7 Sports they have in ranked quite a bit higher on the national level there. They've got him in the top 90 as opposed to top 244. They have them in Eighty ninth overall in the country the number four Overall dual threat in the top 12 player in the state of Texas not quarterback player in the state of Texas. He has heavy offers from Auburn Baylor Ole Miss South Carolina among some more Ole Miss fans really thought they had a shot here. Maybe they still do. I don't know. We know who Auburn what we know we know what all burns up to with Chad Morris. That's those are Heavy Hitters with Chad more says the lead recruiter on that. It's going to be a toughie, but I think Kendall briles. I think the odds are pretty good right now. the Cadence alter again six 185 pounder I think there's right. Now I feel pretty good. If you ask me tomorrow, if he were to sign or commit if you were to go and announce tomorrow, where would you lean him towards? I would definitely say right now Arkansas, but you know how this works anything could change also according to the screenshot. I was sent his official 40 is a four eight five. He's got a 4:3 for shuttle with about a 33-inch vertical @ 32.7 he is he's pretty athletic. He does have an official visit. He just got an offer as a matter of fact from Indiana. He had an official visit to Ole Miss back on March first. He had an official visit on March 2nd at Arkansas and he's got an unofficial coming up at a UCLA on March 10th. So that's your recruiting update. I'm not putting anybody on Commit watch just yet, but I do like right now again, we got a long ways to go. But right now I like Arkansas's. Earning with cadence altar. I think it's a good ones. Okay, next up our very own Kyle Sutherland will be interviewing Curtis Wilkerson stick around for that. Woo Pig sooie. Welcome back to the hardtalk podcast host. I'll Sutherland for the second segment. Where have to have on Curtis Wilkerson. He is a writer for busting bracket with Scout for prep Hoops, Missouri. He like myself is a lifelong Razorback fan who has moved to a different state and is in st. Louis and Curtis. It's great to have you on again man. How you doing? I'm doing great. Hey, it's March. It's March Madness season. Can't complain happy to On talking with you today. So we'll start off with the am game final regular season game of the season the Hogs travel to College Station. Of course, we all remember them opening on January 4th and getting the victory, but am has been if not, I'd say maybe outside of Kentucky one of the more impressive teams in SEC play certainly did not have a very good non-conscious casual and didn't do well there but Buzz Williams is one of the guys that people are talking about for the SEC Coach of the Year. How do you feel about that coming off a really dominant LSU? game that the Hogs had Yeah, I've got to tell you that I am a little bit worried about that game. I hope that we're not seeing a pattern here. I mean if you think about last week Arkansas has the big time victory over Tennessee may be the most complete performance of the Year up until until last night, I guess and then they follow that up by going on the road and it was a little bit of a clunker against Georgia team that we all feel like we should have beaten. So then you turn back around and and you head home. You have the big win over LSU and now here we go on the road again, and you know, M is a completely different team than when we saw them in early January. I mean we caught them like you said they had a rough non-conference season. They were having a really hard time scoring the ball and and while they're not necessarily burning up the Nets now Buzz Williams has those guys rolling. I mean, they're really tough defensively. They've had some guys who have started to grow into their role and figure some things out it's never easy on the road in the SEC, but I do think Arkansas is going to pull this one out. I mean their team with their backs against the wall. We talk about you know, the possibilities of getting on the right side of that bubble and getting back into the conversation in terms of making the NCAA tournament. This is obviously a must-win. I just think there's more to play for and you got the Mason Jones Factor. So I hope that Arkansas can pull it out. I think they will but it's not going to be a cakewalk and it's not going to be easy. Of course with the Isaiah Joe injury. There's been a lot of different shakeups in the four starting lineups, but it seems right now you so they've got to guaranteed games. Meaning of course going to College Station and with at least 1 SEC tournament game and I guess you could also throw in and then it game if they are to lose in the first round of the SEC tournament, but it was the lineup that they have right now of course with Aid Rio Henderson Mason Jones, Joe and Jimmy wit and then Desi seals being the six man that has to be the best option for them right now at this point, especially with just two games remaining. Yeah, absolutely. I think you know it on the head there what really might make this the best lineup combination possible is the fact that that Desi Sills is coming off of the bench. Now, we've had such a hard time getting consistent production off of the bench in terms of scoring the basketball and really since we've made that move and brought Desi in as the six man. I mean, he's been lighting it up. He's been shooting over 40% from the three-point line, which we knew was something that he's capable of he comes in and provides that spark he brings energy. She on both ends of the floor and having that coming in off of the bench. I think is really worked wonders for the team all offensively and then Ethan Henderson Mana, you know, we've talked over the over the course of the season a few times about how important it was for somebody anybody to be able to give Adriel Bailey a little bit of a spell in terms of just minutes and maybe not crazy scoring but coming in and providing some Rim protection snagging some rebounds and things like that and not only is Ethan done. That over the course of the last several games, but he's worked his way into that starting lineup and it just changed the dynamic of the team when you have that kind of length and athleticism and we have the scores. We've got Mason Jones and Isaiah Joe and Jimmy wit and all those guys who were capable of filling it up. You don't need that from a guy like Ethan but what you do need is the rebounding and the shot-blocking in the interior defense and he's been able to provide that I think it's really been a huge boost for the team. So what do you think about how great of a start that they've gotten in the last two home games with Tennessee and last night against LSU last night, at least when we're recording against LSU. Is that going to have to happen in order for them to continue to be on rolling? We goes without saying anybody can tell you that. Yes it getting off to a fast start is certainly a key to success but you think about Georgia you think about the games that they have even Florida had a point. There's a few games that you can think of where they did come back from big lie. So I think Mississippi State in the second one the second game with them was another one of those that comes to mind. Is it crucial that they must start off heart that they must start off very fast and shooting the ball. Well in order to win games or do you feel fairly confident that even they could maybe come back from some of those games that they have to well, I definitely feel like there's a little bit of Middle Ground there. I mean, we've definitely seen the extremes like he said they came out red hot last night and we're able to build up a big lead and and hold that through until the end. The game and then on the opposite end. We see those games like Georgia where they get down 14 to nothing and have to climb out of that hole that might be asking a little bit much from this team who still we are healthy a guy like Ethan Henderson has been able to provide some minutes and a little bit of depth, but we still to a degree or maybe a little bit fatigued at the end of those games and it wears on you over the course of the season. So when you're having to expend so much energy to dig yourselves out. Of a big hole like we have in some of those games what winds up happening is exactly what we seen. It's just a you just come up a little bit too short and you expel all your energy getting back into it and you can't quite get over that hump and finish. So I do think especially on the road. It's important to get off to a hot start and see the ball go through the hoop just for confidence sake so maybe they don't have to be red hot and come out of the gates and build up a double-digit lead right away, but I think the key is to avoid those ridiculously slow starts. The the 14 to nothing's and things like that where must has to burn a timeout or two in the first couple minutes. That's what we have to avoid. So I think keeping Pace or having an early lead as a key. Got to avoid getting down big early on for sure. So there's obviously a heated argument right now with art, especially with Arkansas fans and Kentucky fans over who is going to be the SEC player of the year. Now. I definitely think that Mason Jones at this point. I had Reggie Perry for a while up until a couple of weeks ago. But right now I would definitely put Mason Jones and top that list with Emmanuel quickly right behind him and Skyler mazes. Well, I definitely made a pretty good case for himself this season. He had a really good game against Arkansas last night is Mason Jones your player via you look at what he's Able to do will just point out a couple things to 40 point games eight point games SEC leading scorer number one and free throws made in the entire country and also had 15 20-point games to go along with that as well. I guess 16 as of as of the LSU game. Would he be your player of the year in the SEC as it stands right now coming into the end of the season there's there's no doubt in my mind that Mason Jones should be the player of the year in the SEC at at the end of the day, you know, if you think about this Arkansas Team And and how close some of these games have been that we've lost, you know, two points here four points there a few overtime games that we've dropped late and you know this award in my opinion shouldn't have anything to do for the most part with the team. It is an individual award. But let's be honest here if a couple balls bounce the right way, if the tip end doesn't fall at the horn against Mississippi State and Arkansas has picked up a couple more wins and all the sudden they're sitting at 21 or 22. They're solidly in as an NCAA tournament team. I'm not sure this is even a conversation. I think Mason Jones would be in a position where he's running away with it. I mean you mentioned all of those statistics that's incredible to be able to lead the conference in scoring. I mean, he's the team's top scorer rebounder assist man leads in steals. And that's that's Insanity. I mean those those numbers are ridiculous. He has been a takeover player that is carried the team and whether that means carrying them to victories or or keeping them in games that they otherwise wouldn't be in he's done all of those things. So, you know not to take anything away from me those other guys. I mean like he saw Skylar Mays last night incredible player Reggie Perry with especially against us. We we know what that guy is capable of but I just don't think they've done it on a consistent level the way that Mason has and then you look at the two guys from Kentucky and it's hard for me to consider personally quickly or Nick Richards to to really If I is that Player of the Year, you're on the same team. It's almost as if those guys in conjunction with each other might cancel each other out in my opinion. So I know it'll be tough and I understand the voters have a lot of things to look at in terms of making this decision. But to me personally and all biases I'd obviously Mason Jones has got to be the guy. I just I think it's robbery any other way. We're talking with Curtis wolverson from busting brackets and prep Hoops, Missouri and Curtis. You look at a guy like Jimmy wit now. I know you've been in Missouri for a while. I'm not sure if you were I know that you have been asked out and also a coach throughout your career there and Jimmy wit coming out of Hickman high in Columbia, Missouri, which side note is also where bud and Sam Walton went to high school. He comes back for his final College season after being at U of A for his freshman year and then spending in between that time at SMU. That's just one of the most unique things that you have ever seen really in. I don't know if I'd go I'd say Maybe even college sports but definitely college basketball. So he's averaged 14 points per game this season, which is third on the team and his final regular season home game at Bud Walton scores 26 gets 15 boards five assistant Tusa two steals. Can you say about just the importance that he's been this year and just what a guy he that he just is overall. Yeah, you know when when must was able to clear him back to Arkansas, I was I was excited right away just in terms of depth. I thought you know, this would be a guy who come in and play defense and give us some athleticism and you knew that he was kind of a statutes tougher in terms of he could score it rebound. It's good assist man. So you thought that you would get some valuable contributions from him. I never thought that he would see the success on the court that he has and that's a testament to His work ethic and his personality and just his leadership abilities and being understanding of his role. He's really an extension of the coaching staff on the floor. And then what coach Musselman has been able to extract from I think has been incredible. I can't say enough about the job that he's done, you know different times this year. He's played all five positions on the floor and defended all five positions on the floor. Maybe that's you know lining up against an all League big man or trying to lock down. Defend a potential number one overall pick and Anthony Edwards anything that's been asked of him. He's done it and he's a guy who's playing you essentially 40 minutes a game which is insane and then you know, you listen to him talk and he's a he's a smart young man. He's got a bright future ahead of him. Great attitude. Very personable. I really can't say enough about him. He's going to be missed I think it to be able to see, you know him being at Arkansas as a freshman and then making the move a decision that was probably best for himself at the Time but then being able to come back and have the success that he's had and to see that come full circle. Like you said is really one of the most unique stories I can think of and certainly something's got to be very special for him. You mention that you have the Hogs going to College Station and winning back game. But what is your overall prediction for the rest of the season now, Joe lunardi I know has said that he believes that the Razorbacks have to win the SEC tournament. I've gone on record on this very podcast saying in the last couple of weeks that I'm not going to press the panic button on any team that is mathematically still eligible for the NCAA tournament that Eric Musselman is coaching but in my mind, I just don't really see them making the tournament unless they win the SEC. What do you think that what will happen for the remainder of this year for the Razorbacks? Yeah, I mean obviously you would love to go ahead and win the SEC tournament and get the automatic bid and maybe that's not likely you know, what's with the team that's a little bit short. Death at times to ask them to play that many days in a row and be successful is probably a tall task for them. But I I'm not sold that that's exactly the only path for Arkansas to make into the NCAA tournament at the end of the day. This this is a bit of a softball will I mean, you're still seeing teams that are slightly over over 500 and power 5 leagues and you're seeing other mid-majors and things like that that are being considered. The NCAA is selection committee is probably sir. Searching for teams to put in at this point. So you look at an Arkansas team is closing in on 20 victories. You can you can get to that Mark if you knock off a.m. And then a lot of it's going to be dependent on how far of a run they can make it who they play against and then what the other teams around them are doing, you know, so for example, if Arkansas does go into the SEC tournament and let's say I think probably the most favorable pairings right now would be either Tennessee maybe am Or Alabama, I think was the three possibilities there, but you knock off one of those teams and then what happens so you're going to be faced off against probably one of the top two seeds so you might see a Kentucky or an Auburn. Well, if you're able to secure a victory in one of those games prior to moving on, you know, that that adds another signature win on to the resume then all the sudden we're talking about a 20 to win team that has a decent resume that's boosted by a window. Over what would be a top 25 team and a Kentucky or an Auburn and then maybe you you get back into that bubble conversation and you never know what's going to happen. But you don't want to be in that situation. You never know how the other leagues are going to pan out. There's always a number of bid Steelers from the other conferences. That'll that'll sneak in and steal a bid winning their conference tournament. So, you know, obviously to make it a sure thing go ahead and win that SEC tournament, but I could see a scenario where they could sneak. Into the back door by maybe making it to the championship game depending on who it is that they're matched up with had an incident tournament. All right. Well Curtis before we get out of here man, as I mentioned I was told at the beginning and in the middle of the Pod what you do, but I want you to take just a second here. I know that on my previous podcast that I had had you on a couple of times that you had talked about what you do for prep oops and and for busting brackets, but go ahead and give us just a little breakdown of exactly what it is you do and then also plug Our socials as well. So everyone can give you a follow. Yeah, for sure. So with busting brackets just a contributing writer for them. So spend the majority of my time, you know covering Arkansas Razorbacks basketball and the SEC in general and also a lot of recruiting topics and things of that nature and then for prep Hoops. I do serve as a contributor with them working with kind of some national player evaluations and rankings and scouting reports and things of that nature I am The Missouri but we do kind of cover nationally. So I'm able to get down into Arkansas and things like that quite frequently and stay on top of what's going on down there in the Natural State. So that's a little bit of what I do. If you'd like to give me a follow I'm very active on Twitter. The handle is at C will come under score hoops, and would love to have a follower from anybody. All right gray stuff is always man will always enjoy talking to you and thank you all as always for listening for another episode of The Hog podcast. My name is Kyle Sutherland from all of us here. Thank you guys so much. We will see you next time.