If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything? Oh my God, okay. Okay, so everybody introduce yourself, please. My name is conflict. I got a big case. My name is Chase Aldridge. I gotta be clean. My name is Kayla Kaiser. Yes. My name is Avery stumbler here. I'll do a fun fact upon fact about Kaylee Kaiser is that she's the most beautiful woman I've ever laid eyes on in my whole entire life and she's the most perfect friend in the whole entire world. And I would do anything for Kayleigh Kaiser include literally anything honestly. I probably do anything. Fun fact about Avery is she's bad and she in her and Chase are It's dating I think and they went to Ruth's Chris and she got chicken fingers. She wanted chicken fingers. I know she wanted to give him Chase bought a hundred and thirty-two dollars steak. Okay, go ahead. Oh Jay did not do it Colin and Chase looked at the track coaches underwear and they found out what color was what I was so J. So you tell me she had zebra print underwear. Why don't you just tell a story? Why don't why don't you guys just explain the story to us so we know the real thing. Alright? Okay, so we were at track practice then billion, which is Kayla's dad was showing us Christian kauai's is named Billy. Mm. I don't know he has a big penis up against dick and so, uh, So up Billion was telling us about Kirsten Cohen, whatever and so I'm sitting there me feel like I'm like actually thinking about what billions telling me the Sun for like nudges me like hey bro, bro, and I'm like, but he puts it the track goes she's bent over and at first I like I didn't know I was like, what does it go shit you could see her whole ask your son St. She gonna hear this. How old is she only 66 Granny panties on itself like so I like Meats like like dying laughing. So I walk away we both kind of walk away. It's like nudges bishop and tells him and Bishops like laughing. So then I go tell gave and fucking Brandon and they're all week. Whatever also in there while we so they later on is like the day like the next day. It's like she doesn't blame the whole thing on me. It's like an idiot and say, oh, that's awesome. I was actually paying attention and she says no you are not wrong. I don't know. That's that's disgusting. Okay Avery, I have a question for you. Okay lunch Fuji with Avery's first man. So he and Avery loved each other like Lov Ed like love like I thought they were going to get married. Honestly, they loved each other so much like Alec. No. No, that's enough. Okay, but they say, So today we are at Culver's me fucking Fuji and we're sitting there. And so this huge like this lady. She's old. She's old and she's she's she's not little she's not a little lady. She's old, you know, and so I mean it's like you're sitting there and I listen food you like checks are like looks right at her blank stares and stares right at her ass stares right at her ass and means likely jump out his don't whatever so then later on person there. Hey, we're we've already finished our favorite kind of cylinder chop. Just sitting there chilling, whatever and this dude this all this all that has like almost like a dude big S Beauty on long-ass here. He like walks caressed me, like like touched his head. Obviously neither we were laughing at him. And so we started dying laughing in and it was the most it was somebody's gonna be there. I have a question for Avery. Hurry Avery, if you had the option between Fuji and Chase, who would you end up with? You think since you've had a piece of both of them said you've had a piece of you know, I feel like I talked about this on my podcast the other day on my fence that you're not supposed to date people's best friends, but it seems like you have broken that code. So why don't you why don't you just tell us a little bit about what happened with you and Fuji because I know he just talked to you all the time and was just so interested. Not shut up. Like I know for like nine months we talked. Yeah, maybe he was just apprehensive nine months a new topic alert. It's about to go down. This shit is about to go down. Let's talk about Jordan Wilson. So, okay what Have you listened to this who gives a shit? So we're at this party, right? So we're after prom. After after promise like the party where Anaconda ourselves we're all just having a good so so me. It was me fish head. Who's Aaron act. Hookah, Aidan Finnegan who Fuji and I are you there like and feel like we were playing ping-pong or so. I don't know what the hell you're doing. Honestly. We're just chilling. Yeah, we're just fucking around and oh, so I don't remember who saw it first, but I did like subscribe like over the Fuji. I don't like Fuji look at the ground and He's over there like in the corner by himself eating like this dude is sitting on the ground like like a fucking homeless person like like you like he's got like participating is yeah. He's in prison some fucking food. That's great. So we're sitting there and she's like looking around like Mason always liked watching him. So they're challenged down on his food. It's on us to Darren who's laid the funniest kid ever goes and sits next to me like a bunch of Summer and it was dressed like that. Okay, so I'm put this mic over here because the girls know about this one. So every time we go to Chase his mom's house, his sister has a nice supply of tanning lotion upstairs in her bathroom. No Solutions like Tans like it's like tanning spray. And so like obviously there's like different shades of tanning lotion. You can put on and they're all right, that was disgusting and I guess Chase is just as naturally tan because it's like a medium to dark shade. Okay. Well, it's it makes you really tan. So last time we were over there Carly and who else did it Stephanie to didn't she and they were just going ham on the tanning lotion Carly Carly walk down these stairs and literally everyone was looking at her and people were literally Whispering like what is going on? It's just funny because it's Carly she just does dumb shit all the time, but she's hilarious. We love Carly. We love her dead. Craig oh no speaking. And Carly I pull up. Okay, so I'm work. I work at it. All right back to my story but you know, I will worry about okay. Go ahead. Go ahead. So I pull up the which which today and I get out of my car and I look to my like I hear stomping and I look to my left and Carly Miller runs up to me and she has a Nerf gun and goes Natalie told me that Eddie. Sit for a day and I go no, he works at 5:30 and she goes shit Lily goes back and gets in her car. No, he works at which was now his first shift to do various. And so anyway last time we were at Jace's mom's house. I took the tanning lotion, and I absolutely just sprayed it in the toilet for like ten straight seconds in it looked like somebody took the fattest dump of their life for some reason Carly and I sat there and looked at it for like 10 minutes and just laughed at and it was so funny. It looked like straight poopoo. It was the greatest thing ever. At Carly's table by trying to blend it at all. You can see lines on their face from where it was dripping down the next day. Well, I'm pretty sure somebody that I was around when she did that said like, where is that stuff? I want to do that to or like I want to get Tans or it was you know, I said, no you don't. I have a funny story. Honestly about one time. I was in Weston Kaiser's actually, you know what? I'm gonna why don't we tell a story about like when we've gotten hurt so you can tell a story about Chase pushing you into the door and I can tell my golf start story and stuff you can you can start with the door story. Okay. I'll tell the story and it's kind of sorcery so mean flake we were just fucking his theater Tech so we leave never did anything really just I fucked her in the whole entire time. So me and fly car. Yeah, Carter is not costume related to shit. Mr. Breedlove. Mr. Fucking Breedlove. And so we were the whole class has an auditory for some reason means like weird like who knows what we were doing and so we're like running down the hallway. I don't know if you're chases are what the heavier thing. I like about the fight. Yeah, like we're about to fight each other. Yeah, and we're I think about the fight each other and so I pushed like this is like, okay. So the doors only 20 feet away. I pushed like he stumbles stands up starts. I didn't push her to the door. He ran his ass ride the fucking door Nails the door like really Nails it in his eyes look like porn but like like it's like gushing out and so you like had to go to the hospital. All right, must my side of the story. We act like we're about to like fight each other and do like I turn around because mr. Billy goes case calling those like I'm walking into just know and I hit my and then he goes to the office. So I was walking by like a weights class and everyone's like what What happened are like I ran into a door and everyone started laughing at me and then I got to the hospital and like when I was raised out my eyebrow it like the room like open and close that's disgusting and had to get stitches speaking of a theater Tech know we were down in the tech Lounge. We found a kickball and started throwing you that Jack as hard as we could and then Eddie turned it into just kicking the ball as hard as we could and it was just bouncing off of everything and then the ball gets to me and I kick it as hard as I can go straight into the light and go to the bar of that holds up part of the light comes down into light shattered. So we're all sitting there. We have no clue like well, like I was shitting my pants. I was like, what the fuck am I? Madhu and so we tell another story was for like four classes. We like no, I like more than four is like we would like we would get like handfuls of glitter studios in the closet just throw it on each other. And so this dude like takes it way too fucking hard like two handfuls. I'm upstairs. I'm shitting in the fucking bathroom. And this was like, I see his head pop over fuck. It's a whole handful of shit, and I'm on the frozen hitting the news in my butt. Crack, dude. Is everywhere my hair is literally everywhere around it was so fuckin like all over the floor ghostly everywhere like the trail of going up to there's a trail from the all the way from the theater Tech thing like lab thing. You always flight of stairs. They're like all the way to the bathroom is like just like a like a trail of glitter. And so then people started to catch on to there's glitter literally everywhere, like people like there was like two people that went to the bathroom. I guess there's glitter And so like me, we're like tripping out like what am I gonna do? That's a good fucking in trouble. So stuff like gets a broom and goes up there and said dude, I can't clean it. I cannot clean it up. It's like you fuck. So should we loves you if you guys know anything about the glitter so like I'm not too sure about this. So I get the broom all the glitter into this little like drain cut and if probably still like mounds of glittering this thing, so there's we just push it onto the lid drainpipe or whatever and look at me. Like and so all the girls like in the carpet. So I'm like trying to like push the other carpenter my push that off the stairs and stuff or whatever and I start carpet in the bathroom. No, there's carpet like they're like the hallway. Oh, so it was you left a trail of where you came from? We don't act out. It's actually hilarious. Literally we would get light bulbs and just throw them down this alley and just just break up just do James shit in the sky can't walk it off the catwalk, and it's Early different class all the lights were off and you walked all the way up to the catwalk. It takes like almost ten minutes like client. You have to climb like for ladders to get up there and go across this like really like steep like sketchy railing that there's like gaps and everything and like apparently he couldn't even like take a shit. So he like squeezed out this case. It was a tiny little like cat turd. I love a good turd story. It was like fucking to two classes like later. We're like, all right, we're gonna go up here and see if James act like to do shows like a cat rumors around school or like there's no way actually sit up there and we're like looking around for it. Look nice. Anyone can do with the iPad or something. Show Jack and he's like no way dude. Remember when Jonah would walk or was it knows you would walk all the way around that thing at the top of that was fucking it wasn't like Fitz did in your like like 60 feet in the air. It's like you walk around and you would go around it. He went around like he went around like half of it. I wish I would have taken a theater tech class such as weight of their with weights and we'd all take our iPads and just fucking play music up there and just just like play games entire fucking class Hotel. We'd have to move like to like make like the Little Theater like platforms and stuff and like we would turn off all the lights and play fucking tag. She was so fun. So did you not have to like do anything real in that class? No, we just like to try hards would like we would like we would occasionally have to like paint and stuff but like take Nails out of wood and shit like but it was easy. Yeah, we just fuck around for like the very first part of the class like we would just go breaking. Get into the theater and all the lights would be off. We just start fucking running around and we'll take a look at this video or someone's playing like T. Grizzly. I like on the ladder changing. Yeah. I took the video or the video is you yeah fixing a light on top of a ladder in the little black box theater and Janet Joe you here Jonas. Laughs it goes. Hey, well, we're kind of getting shown up on this. We don't really I'm trying to think of some spring break. We're going to have some good stories will come I'm taking my GoPro on spring break and we're going to like videos on so much. Yeah, I'm gonna do it. Well, I'll block it for you because you guys will be like down with us a lot. I guess really we won't be down there but ah in there. Tons of stuff we would just we would play tag on the balcony and you can hear as a running because the metal being so much ever would be in the catwalk and I drop shit down the fucking chairs. You'll be in a kettle. He just dropped like trash on there. I think something some football stores. I'm trying to think of some like we can't ask about there's so many that we have but like the train all this stuff going on with him is like making my brain thinking about turds falling off catwalks and stuff and I can't process like Alec go sticking like shove it over there. You know, what else is really foul? This summer. I was swim. Well Western Kaiser's pool like would get really murky sometimes for like, oh no reason and so there was a dead mole floating around the bottom of the pool, but you couldn't see the bottom of the pool. So like nobody knew it was down there. What foul that we step on bro. Well, I'll just wait Carson was it you or was it Weston that was like swimming around the bottom and then it like flopped on your face. Okay. It must have been Weston and it like it literally hit it. Face he comes up. He's like, I think there's something down here and they're like no one down there reaching with their heads and they pick up the fucking the freaking it wasn't it? And he literally lived like his pool is like 10 feet away from like heavily like a wooded area. Yeah like it. There's just a ton of shit back there. So like it's not like uncommon for like shit like that to happen. I mean it would be in there every single time like you can't even like prevent that. Okay. Well, it's snakes. That's That's exactly why I would I know I would swim in that pool. Okay, but it doesn't matter I would swim in that pool and my feet would not graze or get near the ground. It doesn't matter if I was in the shallow end or not. I was doggy paddling like around the pool the whole time. All right, that's been about 21 minutes. I think we should call it quits we can do some more sometime though. We'd like to give a special shout-out to named Foo jurors and me fooders. These are both very attractive feel of your toupee lever to in an My like to give a special shout-out to Don and Missy flake. Thanks for having intercourse and making flick for us. Like you mistrust Shadows special shout-out to Zeus. Love you, brother. I don't like that dog. I hope it gets hit by a truck. I like you like you have a special special shout out to Ronda because you're hot. Okay special shout-out to Suzette and John for allowing us to come in their house and get out to billiam Kaiser. I like even so shout out to the guy that chases around Floyds Knobs. Actually. I tell them our story and our story. Okay one more Sorry for the mic over by Yukon put it. Yeah so last or so we are taking a trip to the White House. It's so cold though. So you're not going to go in there. Anyways, yeah the fucking he doesn't work dummy trucks. So there's this house by Kelly's house. It's not like a little piece of property and the property is kind of like I feel like we need to like make another podcast just for this story because there's so many stories tied to this white house. We could fit in a whole other podcast what to tell this story that we can tell well, no, let's just Stop it here. And then we'll just film another one and I'll post it in like two days. All right. All right. All right. All right by everybody. Thanks for listening. Love you guys that keep me but