Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going to pray for you on this morning and leave mySouth out of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name of Jesus Lord, we just come Heavenly Father. Thanking you for another day. I come on behalf of my brothers and sisters. Oh God, and I ask that you would bless each person under the sound of my voice. Oh God. I pray that you would do exceedingly and abundantly above all that. They would ever ask or think. Oh God on this week and each and every one of their lives. I pray right now in the name of Jesus. Oh God that you would put a guard. Over their mind heavenly father and I declare and decree that they have the mind of Christ and a heart of Flesh. I pray right now God In The Name of Jesus for each person under the sound of my voice. Oh God that you would protect them that you would guide them or God that you would instruct them. Heavenly father that you would continue to give them Supernatural wisdom insight and understanding heavenly father to who they are. And whose they are. I pray the blood of Jesus over there. Family members of God and all those connected to them in the name of Jesus. I pray right now. Oh God that you would give them unmerited favor. Oh God everywhere that they should go unmerited favor of God on their job unmerited favor. Oh God in the grocery store unmerited favor. Oh God In The Name of Jesus for those who are looking for cars at the car dealerships for those who want to refinance their home are looking. In for a new home unmerited favor in the name of Jesus Lord. I pray that you would bless their hands for everything that they would do o God that you would bless their hands on projects and tasks. Oh God that you would bless their hands Heavenly Father for those who actually work with their hands in the name of Jesus. I pray right now. Oh God that you would just move in a mighty way on their behalf. I pray God that you would answer every prayer. Rare that they prayed according to your Will O God that if it lines up to your Will O God that you would do it for them in the name of Jesus. I pray right now. Oh God that health and healing would be their portion in the name of Jesus. I pray right now. Oh God that there would be in abundance in their homes in a fight a financial abundance in the name of Jesus a spiritual abundance in the name of Jesus. In total abundance Hallelujah in the name of Jesus for every person under the sound of my voice. I pray for every married person under the sound of my voice. Oh God that their marriage. Oh God would be made stronger in the name of Jesus. I pray right now. Oh God for every married person under the sound of my voice that they would submit one to another to their spouse in the name of Jesus. I pray right now for every married. Couple that every distraction. Oh God hallelujah would be bound in the name of Jesus and the truly. Oh God, the two would become one in the name of Jesus. I pray for every single person under the sound of my voice. Oh God that even though there may be times of loneliness that you would let them know that they are not alone Hallelujah for you or with them or God. I pray right now for those who are single and have a desire to Married. Oh God that you are sending their mate to them. Oh God their mate. Heavenly father. That is already whole verme. Oh God that would add to and not take away from in the name of Jesus there mate. Oh God, hallelujah, that would help them grow in the things of God as they would pour in to one another in the name of Jesus. Oh God right now. I pray for the children of those who are under the sound of my voice. Oh, so God that the children would grow in wisdom and insight and understanding. Oh God that you would give their children favor with you and with man in the name of Jesus that you would protect their children or God that you would protect their irrigate and their eye gate in the name of Jesus or God hallelujah that every seed that has been planted that as not of you that would be uprooted now in the name of Jesus or God, I thank you for Every listener, I thank you God for those who are faithful to this call. Oh God. I thank you for those. Oh God who have shared this call Heavenly Father and I thank you o God for those who are new to this call. I pray right now in the name of Jesus. Oh God that they would take hold of your word like never before that. They would take hold to the horns of the altar like never before o God and that they would cry out to you o God the one that is a able to do it God the one that is able to turn things around the one that is able. Oh God that makes the impossible possible the one oh God that is able to make the Dead live again. The one who was able. Oh God Hallelujah to do exceedingly and abundantly more than we can ever ask or think according to the power that works in Us in the name of Jesus Lord bless these men and women of God on today and on this week. Oh God. Let him see you in a new way. Oh God. Hallelujah, let them see you. Oh God, like they've never seen you before heavenly father. I pray God that there would be certainly in those lives of God of those that they've been praying for and believing you for I pray that there will be a suddenly in someone's healing under the sound of my voice. I pray that there would be a suddenly for someone's family restoration under the sound of my voice. I pray God that there would be Be a suddenly regarding a new place of employment Hallelujah that the phone call would just come out of nowhere. I pray that there will be a suddenly for a promotion in the name of Jesus. I pray that there will be a suddenly in spiritual breakthrough. Oh God Hallelujah in the name of Jesus and God. I just thank you. I thank you. I thank you. I thank you o God for just giving me the strength to pray for my brothers and sisters. I thank you. God for opening up my heart heavenly father in the name of Jesus to pray for someone other than myself on today. Oh God, hallelujah. So Lord. I ask that your blessings over take each and every person under the sound of my voice the therapy so many blessings o God that they will not have room to receive o God In The Name of Jesus and I thank you God and consider it done in Jesus name amen. Have an awesome day. Say bye-bye.