Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness. Why has the Lord brought us to this land to Fall by the sword that our wives and children should become victims would it not be better for us to return to Egypt in Numbers Chapter 14, the children of Israel were complaining during a difficult leg of their Journey to the promised land. They couldn't see the final outcome much less how anything they were going through could possibly fit into the purpose of God. Since we know the end of the story it's easy to criticize them for their lack of faith. However, most of us would have done the same thing now consider your current status in life and Ministry perhaps it isn't what you had hoped for perhaps the lyrics of your life song are Waylon about the serving in significant ways while your friends seem to be doing big things in Stree if you aren't careful, you'll soon be complaining like the people of Israel whom God called evil their murmurings kept them out of the promised land. You can't afford to stay in the wilderness. Listen to the voice of God into the voice of shepherds in your life Pastor Alder Ministry leader regarding where you are currently in Ministry and how you can serve your church and Community then follow the words in Psalm 33 verse 3 by singing a new song Perhaps. It's time you changed the lyrics of your life song so you can fulfill your god-given potential. Let us pray together God forgive me for complaining in the midst of my journey you created me for a special purpose and I want to do whatever it takes to follow your voice. Help me to have faith even during Times when I don't understand, I submit to your plan. Thank you for setting aside time to invest in your relationship with Jesus Christ time spent with God and His word is never time wasted if you are using your devote 365 volume to be sure to take advantage of the journaling portion on each page. Also, don't forget to record your thoughts in the weekly recap portion. If you would like to purchase the devote 365 Daily Devotional click on the link in our podcast description to do so, let us know if you are using this podcast by tagging us in your social media post with hashtag devote 3-6-5. Thanks once again for joining us.