Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal. You know and idea but with a plan of action to attain that end objective whereas an idea is something you know, you set as a New Year's resolution. Like I'm going to get shredded this year. I'm going to get I'm gonna start going to the gym. I'm gonna it's an idea something that you get excited about that you think like, you know an end goal that you want to see yourself but there's no plan. There's no way to back it up. There's no actual accountability that you're holding yourself to and that that's the big difference between a true goal in a true idea. And that's kind of New Year's. Solution example, I wanted to give and the biggest thing I said there was that you have to be excited about it. And you know New Year's resolution everybody's excited to imagine what's going to come of this new goal. Imagine that being excited is the first step because I mean one of my people I've worked with and student painters and our consumers consider him a mentor for sure is Kevin Martin Eddie and he is doing some crazy things right now, but he was actually talking to me just last week kind of about this this system called the okay ours and what an okay. Our is is basically objectives and Results and he was preaching this and this is what I believed. I really ran my business buying student painters and I don't think I even really really realize it back then but this system is really cool. And that's what me and Sarah are going to try to dig into and sure we'll get some real life examples of how he's done this and how he's helped people people do this for themselves and attain their goals. So we wanted to start and Kevin's biggest thing when he was telling me was, you know, you have to be excited if you're not excited about that goal and you don't really have a goal because just think about it. It's the same thing as what things you're passionate. Learning about or not passionate about when you go into work one on a day you feel stressful if you're not excited to do it. If you're not passionate about it, whereas if you're passionate and excited to go do something. It doesn't feel like stress. It doesn't feel like work. It feels more like fun or you're fulfilling and purpose and you feel good about at the end and that was the first step to really Define a goal for yourself is to be something you're excited about and passionate about and that's step one. And then the second which is, you know, kind of a biggest part is how are you going to achieve that goal and we talked about The okay our system, you know in the 1970s. It was created by a man named Andy Grove and then it was later on adopted by a kind of a bigger name early Google investor named John doer and now the okay. Our system is used LinkedIn Twitter Dropbox Spotify Air B&B. Even Uber all kinds of you know, massive Fortune 500 companies are using this system and it's the same exact system that can be adapted by an individual for their own personal goals, and that's what me and share of are going to get going and I mean an objective. So the objective aspect of the whole thing is what I want to have accomplished. So you have to Envision your vision. What do you want to have accomplished at the end of all this? What is the promised land you're picturing? Where do you want to go? And that's the objective and then the key results. How am I going to get there? How am I going to get it done? How are you going to execute it that plan those those, you know, achievable goals written down on paper to get to that end objective that end goal. How are you going to get there? And that's kind of what? Serves about the dive into right here and we'll talk about you know, a goal isn't just what you want to achieve. It must include a way to measure achievement. And this is where sure of really is a really thrives and he's a you know, a professional teaching at this point, I believe and he's like, yeah, I know he does it for himself on a daily basis. So sure if I'm a dive into like the actual, you know application of this concept of an okay are and how you make it work in your everyday life course. Thanks for that. That's pretty generous. You're making me blush there. But yeah, I want to touch on something quickly the Tyler delve into its that's that's the excitement portion of this and if you are not excited for the school and I tell a lot of people, you know, a lot of interns that we coach and people not only in business and sales. It's also in Fitness and weightlifting powerlifting whatever it is if you want absolutely not just excited but you know insane about achieving a goal. It's just not going to happen. It's got to be something that drags you out of bed in the morning something you wake up and it is the first thing on your mind and it's the last thing on your mind before you go to bed. So I like that you brought that up Tyler because it's absolutely essential and the kind of first overarching step to creating goals and turning an idea into a goal is finding something you're excited about and then you know that comes before the first actual concrete steps, but I want to touch on briefly. You know, what what really makes an idea an idea and what makes a goal a goal and they are just two different there to same things just in different phases of each other and what I mean by that is an idea of remains exactly that As long as it doesn't have a plan for action. So an idea will stay as an idea until you set a plan for action. It's not going to become anything else and then once a plan for actions put in place and then action is taken. This is when it becomes a goal and that is a huge difference for all that and you know, I have a lot of a lot of examples of my life where I've where I've used it for myself and also use this for a lot of my clients. I think one of the biggest things is when I sit down to the client for instance that I'm going to you know, people come to me with goals of I want to get bigger I want to put on more So mass or I'll want to I want to lose weight. You know, I mean, I want to I want to tone down or I just want to become stronger. Whatever. Those goals are. I don't know the first thing or I should say the idea is whatever those ideas are first. I set them down and I say alright the first step to this is we are going to come up with a very detailed list of what your plan for action is going to be and what that end result that you want to be as so I have one client that I'm working with right now his he can't we came down to a goal of or I should say. We started with a goal of you know, I wanted to get I want to get bigger. I want to put on more muscle so, okay. Well, why do you want to put on more muscle? I said, okay. Well, I want to squat Morris. Okay. Well, what do you want to squat with? Like give me give me a number so it's okay. Well, I want to reach a 405 Squad said, okay, perfect. So that is that is something that is very attainable. There's a concrete and measurable thing that we can get to said. All right, you want to put on more size how much more sighs let's get something. Let's set some real goals here. I said Okay. I want to put on 20 pounds of muscle is a perfect. Alright now we have those two exact measurable goals for them and then through that I have my methods of kind of putting a plane for Action together and then it's his it becomes his responsibility execute and my responsibility to motivate him to execute day in and day out. So that's kind of how I do that for other people whether it be again interns that Tyler and I have coached throughout the years or you know for running their businesses and and all those things or if it's people that I'm coaching from a from a fitness standpoint. And the biggest thing is it like Tyler was saying it has to be something that can be broken. Okin down into various micros and something that can be measured through every step of the process has to be something that can be measured at the micro level and then I'll at the macro level as well for the grand picture of it of it. You know, I want to 405 squat. Okay. That is the grand picture. That is what we're trying to reach that is something very measurable and attainable that we that we can set our eyes on. All right. Now, what are the micros, you know breaking that down into each week. What do I have to do or every day if I want to gain 20 pounds of muscle, how many calories do I have to eat? How many grams of protein do I have to eat? And all those things and executing on those day in and day out that's really what it takes to be able to turn an idea into into an actual goal and plan and there also has to be that the other thing is that he's got to be tangible ways to hold yourself accountable. If you cannot find ways to hold yourself accountable, then you are going to fall flat on your face very very quickly not doesn't mean that you're not excited about it or are they you don't want it anymore. It's just simply the human human nature is to become, you know, unorganized and kind of hectic within your own brain and your brain gets so it's also the opposite your brain gets so excited about the school that natural you get all over the place to get very hectic. I mean, I'll let talk about this in a second. But really it's when I was running my business at first and you can say the same time. I like we were we were all over the place my our cars were messes like he had no idea what we were doing. We spent half the day is just driving around because we were, you know going to go into the paint store seven times a day. Oh we could have just gone once in the morning. Definitely a lot more efficient. Yeah, exactly exactly what you're saying like with are you know, when we'll talk about how quickly we used to make a literally hourly plans and in the beginning of my experience student painters, I didn't really taken that seriously like I would write down the goals and let the achievable steps of that day my end goal of what I wanted, but I would just go do it in a different way. I would try to you know do it in my own way not really hate that look at my list of what I had made of my actions and I would just try to attain the goal and I you know, I would either fall a little bit short or not have gone done exactly what I wanted to or I just ended up doing it in the completely, you know on an inefficient way that could have really been done so much more smoothly. It's in a better way and when I really started taking this hourly plan seriously was when I really started to see success in like a consistency in achieving my goals and what means forever talking about a lot of people it's easy to hear and be like, okay, you know, these are just two Psychopaths who are just really thing principles of you have to be perfect and hold yourself to this and this and this and that's not at all what we want to come across. I know psychopath All about making everything as realistic as possible for a year life for an everyday life for me on my hourly plan like three of the hours or slots whether it would be if I'd have things in there like nap time or lunch or dinner or watch TV with friends or like I had a real life things that I was going to do to make it achievable in my in my day. I wasn't, you know painting some crazy picture of I'm gonna go drop flyers for 10 hours and knock on doors for for and do 7 estimates and you know sell a million dollars of work and having some crazy idea and I see that in a lot of you know, a lot of them vicious rookies who come in and want to run the first business and we talked about the hourly plan. They started making their daily plan and they're signing themselves up for like, I mean, they're making a plan for themselves were literally exactly that knocking on doors for eight hours. Just these are unattainable things that you know, it's an exciting goal to have and I and it's an excellent goal is an exciting idea to think about if you know, imagine if I could go out and drop two million flyers and get all this door knocking in and know but get those 30 leads this weekend whereas, you know, I look at my goal and you know, where as you know, Wake up at 9:00 p.m. 9:00 a.m. Maybe and then you know have a breakfast have that in my early plan, you know go to the gym meditate whatever. It may be in my day having real steps and then, you know holding myself accountable to those real steps and hitting every single one and crushing it along the way that is so much more effective than having this broad idea in this crazy, you know, beautiful and golden and you know, and I in mind but not ever having a plan to achieve that and that's something that you can do. So make it realistic. In your life make it applicable to what you to yourself and make it your own and once you have those, you know, those those granular steps those micros of how a what can I do this minute the next minute, you know this week next week this today tomorrow, how what can I do specifically in measurably to get one step closer to that end goal and that's exactly what service talking about with the you know, I want to I want to I want to squat 405. All right. Well, let's up our weight by you don't 10 pounds every other day, you know or whatever it may be the goes to the Granular steps that you have to hit those benchmarks to eventually get there. There is no you can't get to the third story of the house that'll ladder. You need each and every wrong because step up your way and not these other painting example. Sorry, but like not you can't get to the top of the house without stepping on each and every run to get to the top and that's that's kind of we want to use as a, you know, as an example here. You don't think I think about that as a metaphor you have to have a stick a stepping stone to get to that next level in people. So many people just get excited about that, you know getting to the top and they don't want to Think about the process of making that climb and that really is that the making the climb and I didn't get to talk about Gary Vee, you know, my friends only finding this anyways, but talk about Gary Vee. He talks about you have to enjoy the process. If you're not enjoying the process then are you really excited about your end goal? Because when you remember your why and you know why you're doing it that is your process. You have to remind yourself of what you're doing and real quick before I let sure if take this over before we wrap this up. I'll talk about one of the most influential metaphors examples ever been taught in my life. It's I call it the cathedral example. And I'll run through it real quick. But basically my mentor Erin Griffin spoke this to me two years ago in our first year ever training me and Sheree were both in the same room and he talked about basically you have three workers in a field. Right both, you know have a shovel and they're digging a hole. They're all digging ditches and you walk up to the first one say hey, what are you doing? And you know one goes oh, I'm digging a ditch. So awesome you walk this stuck-at 1. What are you doing? Oh, I'm sorry work. I'm working and you know those those are the first two answers that you would typically get from 90% of people. They're just outside. Literally. All you see is three people digging ditches. As you walk up to the third person and here's where it really gets different. You have to throw person. Hey, what are you doing? And he looks you in the eyes and goes I'm building a cathedral and you there's no Cathedral around there's nothing that would ever make you think that but he looks at the bigger picture and realizes that every granular little micro step is an absolute necessity if you ever want to get to that end goal and if you can't get excited about doing that that grunt work that guy putting that, you know, just that grit about Out there and doing all the micro steps to get to that and you know overarching beautiful achievable Promised Land of a goal. If you can't enjoy the process through it all you're never going to truly, you know attain that full goal or have that fulfillment at the end of it and just enjoying the process really does make it that much more fulfilling and actually your happiness along the way and just the enjoyment of the entire process. So really, you know, learn to enjoy the process enjoy the moment and if you can do that and stay focused then Your goal has no no choice, but to to be attained in to eat for you to crush it. If you take a step by step if you don't think it step-by-step. That's when people fall short and quit and that's when those things happen. So, you know it all comes back to remembering your why and really, you know, enjoying the process through it and you know going out in their building near Cathedral and figuring out what that is what that is for yourself and you know taking the things I deserve just talk to you about and the concepts that I just kind of spoke about and figuring it out for yourself and then making it happen. But yeah, I'll turn it back over to serve and you know, I'm sure we'll make a few more points and we'll wrap it up here. But yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Shout out there and Griffin. He really really knocked it home for us at that example. I remember was sitting in that room. We were like, holy shit. I almost cried. Yeah. Wow. Alright that was you know, that was the most impactful like 15 seconds of my life, but I'm telling me that but I mean it really is true and I we kind of spoke into existence when people would call me and I know you could say the same thing. I know my dad always used to call me at night when I was like 11 p.m. I'm putting out flyers is like short for the hell. Are you like what are you doing? And you know, I did my simple answer. It's I'm working on my business. Like I'm creating I'm creating my business right now. I wouldn't say I'm just putting out flyers. Like I didn't I honestly didn't view it like that or I didn't view I'm knocking on doors as I'm knocking on doors or whatever the hell else I was doing. I didn't view it as that small minut, you know, like Tyler said grunt work type of task. I viewed it as I'm building something massive right now. I'm getting closer to my end to my end result. And you know, I don't know if he'll agree with me or not on this one tie. This is kind of a this is The I learned that really worked for me. I mean you guys will find when you are working towards a goal things are going to work for you that don't work for other people and vice versa for me. I personally think that you know to-do lists their bullshit and I'll tell you why a real to-do list. It's there's no such thing. I mean, you know I used to do is my first year. I would just literally make a list of things I need to do for that day. No particular order no no business as to when it was going to get done how long it was going to take how many of those things were actually realistic for me to get done that day and you know because of that I'd find myself scrambling to try to get everything done and spreading myself too thin and get none of them properly done. If I were to even get any of them done at all. And then I'd look at my to do list at the end of the day be like, all right shit. All right, let's move everything over. Let's copy and paste move to move to Tuesday next day. Yeah move to the next day and then boom what's happening? I don't get anything done for the whole week because I keep doing that over and over and repeatedly spread myself thin and so the change that I made is I made a you know, like an hour by hour. Like we were saying and once I said, you know 9 a.m. I meet with my guys and go over objectives. Okay from 9 to 9:30. That's what I'm doing at 9:45. I'm meeting with this client and we're going over this this and this. Okay. How long is that going to take me to take me from 9:45 to 10:30. Alright, awesome. So what am I doing at 10:30 10:30, you know, I'm going to come home and maybe I'll have I'll actually eat breakfast then come back and at 11:30. I'm knocking on doors when I marketing my business, whatever it is. I set a step-by-step plan and it becomes much more realistic. The difference is yeah less of those things that you put on that to-do list are probably bound to get done. But at least the things that you put on the hour-by-hour are going to get done. Yeah as opposed to again when I throw everything on his to-do list is just way too many things that cannot realistically all get done in a day and you know, you move all those things over to the next day, but for an hour by hour, you know what things are going into the next day that way you can make a you can make a day-by-day plan. You can make an hour by hour for every single day in that week and then Systematically bang out all those things. So by the end of the week you have everything done. Yeah, there's no there's no choice but to succeed exactly you just went down at literally a checklist banged out every single, you know, step along the way like what happens at the end of that when you've done all those things like your goal is now attained like there's a there's no other way. It really is just common sense when you break it down and that simple of a version. I mean, yeah, I mean what kind of leave it there? It's exactly what it is is you know, whether you make a list in your phone, you know that write it down, but right write it down. It really does help and you know, Google Docs whatever you want to use for a platform, but I mean I'll just touch on the last thing real quick kind of wish I were just talking about when his dad wouldn't you know, when your dad would call you sheriff and you know asked what are you doing you to like? I'm building my business. That's because you know, I touched on in the beginning the whole stress versus passion thing like you are passionate about it. You're in love with what you're doing with what you're creating with how you're empowering others. You see the big picture you see your Cathedral and you're passionate about it. Therefore it's not it's not work to you. It's not stress. It's not upsetting their stressful to be out there. It's something you want to be doing and you're being fulfilled while you're going at it and that's what I want. John and that's what you have to do for yourself, you know for everyone listening you have to you know, be passionate about what you're doing and that's when you'll you know, you'll get to that end goal and there's really no way around it. If you make the choice to get it done. Yeah, absolutely and a small thing with that is and guys to be to be clear. This doesn't mean that you have to be absolutely ecstatic about like me and Tyler. We're not like crap in our pants to go outside and knock doors. That's not what that's not what it means. It's the fat we understood the fact that knocking on doors are putting out flyers was going to lead to the bigger picture here you closer. Yeah, it's whatever it is. Is otherwise I it's not it's not the most fun thing in the world to go running out at night in like 30 degree weather and blend out putting out thousands of fliers. That's not the most fun thing in the world, but we didn't even think about it because we knew inevitably the grand scheme of our plan was being exercised right there. That's that's what we are working towards and you know one last thing is also it's just kind of that with that our by our clan the reason why it works and why it's so much the difference between that and a to-do list is there as actual structure and you know, there's a rhyme and Reason as to why you're doing everything there is a time schedule for it. You know, how long each thing is going to take, you know when it's going to get done or when it's gonna get started when it's going to be done. And when you're moving on to the next task and banging them out, you can also see if you are ahead of schedule or behind schedule. You can see how efficient your being with things. I think that's that's really one of the one of the biggest reasons why I made that switch and why to this day I don't I don't use to do list. I think they're bullshit and at that point I might as well just make it to do list in my brain and just do whatever I feel like doing That's basically what a to-do list on paper is but if you're right, that's that's really the difference there. Yeah, exactly. So we'll leave you guys with that and you know, just sort of member the difference between a goal and an idea and you know, really apply what we just said to yourself and try to think right now about what what is a you know, when idea you've been having that you are you keep telling people. There's a goal and now how can we really make that a goal? How can we turn your idea that you have right now, you know first day of March today brand-new month. Let's get a goal in mind, you know for whether it's this week next week. I was Monday, you know for it's a perfect time to start things off the right way. So, you know pick a date started off and you know, I'll always start with the around with this but no start at Ground Zero and make a choice in whatever Direction you want to go. I mean and what they out that worth of the famous quote is do if you don't know where you're going all paths lead there so we don't get started. I figure it out write it down get a plan and go out there and execute get those okay ours going and at the end of the day you really have no choice, but to achieve your goals if you make that happen, so yeah, we'll leave you guys with that, and we're excited to offer you guys a tune in next time and thanks so much for listening and have a great rest of you guys is deck awesome.