Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels of Allah and in London,So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer Sam Lagana Sam? Welcome to the LA Rams UK podcast. What a privilege to be on the podcast Chris. Thanks for having me. No, thank you very much for taking your time out the day. So let me just tell people it is now 25 to 5 in the evening in the UK. Obviously Sam is maybe still in his breakfast as it's obviously eight hours back. So thank you very much for taking time out of your day to speak to us today, sir. Great. Honored to be on it and to be celebrating a great game of football with your listeners in the UK across Europe and around the world and that is definitely the scary part. They are listening around the world. So Sam tell us a little bit about yourself away from the Rams and then try and sort of fillers into that to the Gap of how you then became the stadium announcer for the greatest team in the NFL. I love that you don't it's it. It's been a great joy to have grown up in the city of Los Angeles. I was born and raised here and my parents my father's family emigrated from the south of Italy eventually Calabria in Italy very well said came to the United States and my father shared a life with nine brothers and sisters at one point and as an immigrant Italian family to the Americas and my mother was raised by her family. Her mom is I understand it was adopted by an Irish family and and her father was of European descent and they met in a little town in New Jersey and made their way west and which is where I was born here in Los Angeles and my father came to work in the defense industry and computers and so blessed. Angeles was a big spot. For the defense industry a lot of aircraft and a lot of stuff like that was being handled here, you know for decades five decades ago that the industry is not as dominant now, but at one time with Northrup and Hughes and Douglas and all of those they were very very dominant here in Los Angeles. That's what brought them West had me born. And as a young kid, I was introduced to sports as a kind of the lifestyle out here our weather as you probably know lens. For us to be outside quite a bit in sport. And so we had a lot of good sport. Now the two that we didn't have there's common back. There is is rugby and Gaelic football and soccer were not as popular when I was a young kid, but football basketball volleyball tennis, we're all big influences in baseball here on the West Coast. So let's start how I got into sports and in Saying Sports. I got hurt and I was playing basketball. I got low bridge which is when somebody takes yeah out underneath you and I went down on my back and I couldn't move and so they sent me out to the doctor and get some x-rays it turned out. I had an extra lumbar in my lower vertebrae. And so they said listen your muscular skeletal system hasn't grown up yet. As I was a young kid teenager and they said look, you're going to have to kind of stop playing basketball. My coach said look, I can't have you not involved because it was a Guy and he so he said why don't you go over there on game days in an ounce and you can work in practice and stuff like that. So he gave me the opportunity to kind of Thrive and that's what kind of got me started and that helps sing interestingly. One of the girls who was keeping stats and played on our girls basketball team in high school. She was fortunate to have her father by the Los Angeles Lakers. And so when she started, you know got older her dad bought it like when she was in college and we were in college I should say and she gave me an opportunity to announce because she would see me an ounce and the kind of sports that she was doing which was tennis and she knew we played those and so that was kind of fun. And of course as a little kid, my dad would take me to Rams games at the Coliseum, which really is the impetus of all this and I guess I would Sit there as I announced in with think about Rams games and you know dream but then the Rams left and you know kind of be came hard to sort of go to a game and watch the Rams when they moved to st. Louis and you know, I guess those dreams kind of got side tabled until the great day that Stan kroenke and Kevin dumb off and Les Snead brought the Los Angeles Rams back home. Definitely. It was a very very much very good day indeed and and so in relation to actually getting the job at the at the Rams how did that come about and obviously you get introduced to that industry really, you know, that was a funny story. I've recounted a couple times and you know, we're kind of happened was I guess, you know people know that I'd been announcing and as I shared with you I did different sports while I spent 20 years on the beach volleyball tour and additional child so job. Yeah tennis and other Fun sports that were really integral to the Southern California lifestyle and I was able to travel around the world with those but I get mentioned this some friends say this would be kind of fun to do and that low and behold I get an email in May from some guys with the email address of the Los Angeles Rams and said if you be interested in being the public address announcer and Stadium announcer for the Rams, please record these lines. So I did I actually sent back an email saying hey I can't do this until like next Tuesday when I can get to a studio and they pretty much just said, hey just recorded it on your iPhone. I was like, oh you gotta be kidding. This this can't be real. You know, someone's got to be punking me. He has some time to do this and they said yeah just send it in on this return quick email I got so I tried to figure out where the best place to record this year. So I tried it in my office. First at Pepperdine University in Malibu where I work and it didn't sound good. So I then went into the bathroom because you know you when you were in the bathroom the shower it always sounds good. So I tried that that didn't work. And so I thought a little Corridor that had between two doors and a lot of carpeting and it sounded better in there because I want to do a good job and I wasn't sure that the iPhone was going to carry it and here I am on the iPhone talking to you now. Yes, I'm much more convinced that it works fine. What happened was I heard nothing after I submitted this thing and so I felt kind of weird. So on that Tuesday after I actually went and recorded it on a professional, you know sound scared of gauge and send it back in a secondary. Please piece fast forward as I said, I thought I was getting punked but couple months later in the middle of summer in June. We're having a dinner my buddies and I are having a dinner at a retaliatory restaurant in Santa Monica. One of them says to me the guy who I thought might have been punking me but you know, whatever. He says to me. Hey what happened with that Rams job, and I said, you know what? I haven't heard a thing. If I don't hear something the next couple of weeks it's not going to work out because I have to go to India for Pepperdine and I'm going to have to be out of town then once I make my schedule, there's no way I'm going to be able to change it and lo and behold I walk into the parking lot at 10. Something at night and I get an email that says we'd like you to be the stadium announcer over the Los Angeles Rams. Wow, and I thought what the heck? Okay, whereisdiego. He must have punked me on this. Yeah, he's waiting for me to leave right? You know, somebody is it isn't right. So I wrote immediately back because I was excited and you know skeptical at the same time. Yeah and send the note back saying hey, I'll come over tomorrow at two o'clock and an amine email came. Immediately back and said that's okay. We can handle all this, you know over email and I was like no, I'd like to come meet you guys. I really kind of want to just do a sure that this was real and so they said okay and so lo and behold I showed up at the office which only is like 8 miles away from my my office at Pepperdine and scooted over there and had a nice little meeting with these guys and and it was Real I will tell you this they said to me after we settled everything up. They said is there anything that you want that we haven't talked about are you need or they asked yes, I'm going to need a Super Bowl ring and Chris and Cory both looked at me. Like I was nuts and they said well, we would have to get that approved I said, okay, so they went they come back and they go okay. It's a prove that you're not to pay the taxes on it. I said, okay. So the funny thing last year was I kept reminding Chris weather made the Super Bowl run. Hey, we win this thing. I got a ring coming, you know? Yeah, exactly exactly. Wow. What a story that's super. Yeah. It was it was fun. So that's how it all came about since then and one of the things that I did go I will tell you this Chris when I did record those seven lines which were sort of like, you know, golf too girly touchdown Los Angeles things like that. Yeah. Yeah. And when I finished this thing I recorded it this line that I said it's time for every man woman and child to get out of your seat. Get on your feet and rise with the rain sounds and that's become my opening for every game and every come back from halftime no matter where we're playing when it's a home game superb. See you've got that. That trade I did like Michael Buffer now, right? I don't have that trademark good how to bring a city and a fan group together. That's how I look at this and that I will come back on to that. So you in a second and sort of how that has happened but as a young boy going with your father to watch the Rams at the Coliseum. That first season back in this in the stadium your then announce it how did that feel it was surreal, you know, it was really surreal Chris. If you can imagine that, you know, you're a seven-year-old kid and you remember coming through tunnel five and at the Coliseum, which I think you've been too. I haven't unfortunately, but only got a couple of the other guys have yeah. I know some of your viewers, how are you listeners have? So dark long tunnel that comes through and come out in the middle of the stadium. Okay. Yeah. So I remember walking as a young kid with my dad through this tunnel and they're not that wide these tunnels. And so there's a lot of people so you really can't see anything with people in front of you until you're like at the end of the time. Yeah, and I remember coming out through the tunnel on Tunnel five and looking out at that field that Rams field team on the field and just the whole thing. We were playing the Chicago Bears in that game and I just remember that that whole feeling now. I've been to the Coliseum a million times between then and becoming the stadium announcer but on the day that I'm coming in to announce that first game I got to tell you who was it was It was really just overwhelming. It was so powerful like just walking through the gate and getting into the elevator go up to the Press Box and knowing that you know, this is the space and seeing your name on the door, you know and walking out it was it was just nuts for me inside, you know, she's just going nuts. And that was the that was the you know the preseason. Season game but we were playing, you know, as a preseason game. We were playing the Cowboys. So it was a lot of people yeah. Yeah. Wow, it was everybody so pumped up because the Rams were home, but that wasn't the season opener. But you know, it was like it felt like it game environment, right? Yeah, and now we got to get to this home opener. We're going to play the Seahawks and you know, we had the Red Hot Chili Peppers are going to perform that was set up Chris like it was a Super Bowl. Yeah. I remember watching it from the I watched it on TV definitely was super real. Remember I told you a little bit ago that I had to go to India. Uh-huh. I got back from India the day before the game. So less than 24 hours before kickoff is when I landed at LAX from India and I was you know, tired nervous all of those things that you would you know, we're going to do this. But yeah coming into the Coliseum was even more overwhelming because kind of the wait Of this whole thing that we were about to do. I really felt and we were excited. My wife was excited my daughters were there and you know, of course the city was on fire the kind that forwards the energy in that building had the hanger standing up on your arms, and that's so cool and to just come back and say, you know, please welcome home to Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum your Los Alice rare, I got goosebumps. By the way, I've got goosebumps by the way response of a hundred thousand people roaring was just unbelievable. And that was kind of where I was going to you. Obviously the franchise and you sell for of done a great job at the Coliseum now publicly there's been criticisms obviously in relation to the stadium, but I know people that have been there like like you said in the atmosphere has been brilliant. Do you now see that being taken with us to the Sophie Stadium? I think the atmos. I think that the following in the atmosphere, you know, we have just some of the greatest fans and they're the people that make the whole experience real. Yeah with this coronavirus stuff, you know, there's talk about games being played with no fans. I can't imagine that feeling right? I just can't As in our environment our fan base is been so great. I mean the welcoming they gave to the team coming home the welcoming. They give to the team and each game. The loyalty is outstanding. It's just phenomenal. And so I think that spirit that energy that life blood going into so fi Stadium knowing that mr. Kroenke has just built the most magnificent. Stadium in the world. Let me say it again. Mr. Cranky has built the most magnificent Stadium World very much. So it his it is designed to make the experience for the fan the finest you'll ever see between the Oculus scoreboards the sound systems. The way the seating is done. There's not a bad seat this house. You're you know, you're having a number of different levels. You're a hundred. Into the ground and a hundred feet above the ground with this building is just awesome. But the way it's designed it's tight. It's it's fantastic and I walk the stadium about two weeks ago. And you know, you just getting a feeling for what it's going to be like the field besides where the stands are are so close to the field of so much closer than the Coliseum. Yeah, you feel like everything's going to be a bit closer and everybody's going to be filled. A bit more involved maybe. Oh, yeah. It's going to be easy for people to feel involved and they're going to be all over the place. And also the design for television is great because one of the things that was disappointing I think for many fans is when you would see the game on television if you couldn't go the Rams were always under the cameras. They were there on the Press Box side. Yeah. So the shot was always of the visiting team and Out of where the visiting team fans sit. So it looked like this visiting team had a presence that was different. The problem is they don't show that reverse shot of the our team and the side of the stadium that I sat on which is the Press Box Stadium side and it's huge. I mean our fan base on that side. That's where they're just going nuts and in the end zone that's where these people are. Just having the grandest time Chris and that's going to To flip so our team is going to be on camera the whole game and our fans. Our home side is going to be on camera the whole game. It's interesting huge asset. That's interesting way of looking at it that I didn't even sort of it on that basis, but no it definitely makes sense. And that's exactly like you said, it's been able to develop blank canvas haven't they should have been able to obviously look at different ways of doing it and actually making it I was in the end of the day. An obvious question and I think by the sound of your voice, this is a pretty stupid question, but I bet you can't wait for that first game. Can you? You know, I am actually excited just to go and rehearse in the building, you know, yeah, because the sound system in the Coliseum we have what's called a single Source sound system. So in the West End Zone, there's a giant video board on the West End Zone. Yeah, and he in that West End Zone is where the speaker is. So it's one speaker. So when I say something Chris it's sort of like Rams Rams ramps. Okay, it comes out in a delay and It bounces off of the peristyle and you hear it again. So I say it I then hear it I hear it again. So it's really I have to be very very focused and what I'm saying and what I'm doing and I can't listen to myself in the new stadium. It's all of the speakers are going to be in the Oculus and they're going to be throughout the entire building which they're not in the Colosseum. There's no place to hang speakers. So the environment is going to Be immediate and it's going to be really clean and clear and crisp versus these baby boomers people ready for a clear and compress. I Sam is my voice ready for that but you probably won't actually have to speak as potentially as loud as you maybe have done previously because you were wondering about that projection where now it's going to do it for you. Yeah, and it's interesting people say Hey you must be Your voice must be tired of the end of the game. You must be yelling. I'm really not because the microphone is I wear a headset microphone by choice and so the microphones right at my mouth and just me using my fluctuation of my voice and using the depth of my chest as I'm announcing to get there. So I'm using projection like anything else but I don't really have to yell people down the hall couldn't hear me, you know what I mean, but it sometimes sounds Sounds louder. Yeah where I sound more enthused of course, but you know, I can't get too loud. Otherwise you clip the speaker system. You don't want to do that not done that so that's good. Well, I've been in a room where you've actually done the whose house and you probably didn't need a microphone that day in the parabola and Banker. Yeah. It's a it was a it was a great thing and then I'll come on to London in a second the final sort of question in relation to the stadium and and the so Stadium to you think it will encourage more La fans and also it will be classed as a bit of a destination stop for a way fans as well. Do you see it being a little bit more thoughtful potentially? Oh, I think you know, I think it is. I think it's going to be kind of a tourist destination. Yeah through I think people are going to want to see it. You know, not only is it going to be the home of the Los Angeles Rams and another NFL teams got to play there and then also, You're going to have a Super Bowl there. You're going to have the Olympics there. You're going to have the national championship of Collegiate football there. You're going to have the greatest events in the world are going to come to that building and it's it's going to be a place that people want to see and sort of walk through an experience and it's being designed for that. Yeah, it's been designed as an NFL stadium, but also the multi-purpose, isn't it? Yeah, you could do many other things I would bet. We're going to see some world-class soccer matches in that building for those soccer fans that would travel over that or football fans as you call them. You know, that better come over I would I would guess you're going to see every major sporting event, of course concerts the venue opens on the 24th of July of this year with Taylor Swift for two nights. Kenny. Chesney is going to be the Chilla fication tour is coming. This is all before we play a preseason game. Umm, I would think I don't know this for a fact, so I'm just guessing but for sure we'll have our two preseason games. I'm sure there this year and I wouldn't be surprised if we have a third I wouldn't be surprised if we don't play the other team in Los Angeles the Chargers in a preseason game there since they're going to use that building as well. Okay, and as it been you say that in relation to them obviously playing each other have both. L a-- teams been given a home dressing room each or do you know if it's going to be just two dressing rooms that have they done it? But it does something really cool Chris. The stadium is designed for two teams. So really the they both have their own locker rooms on their own sides of the stadium. So the Ram side will be what we would call the east side of the stadium and the charge your side would be what we would call the west side of the stadium. And so there are unique locker rooms with completely different designs. Well, and there's Team locker rooms and the visiting team locker rooms are even designed so that it could be divided up. Let's say there was a high school football game or something. Yeah, there would be opportunities for those teams. Let's say we would have a championship or college games or whatever. There's plenty of room and then performers what they call green rooms up, you're familiar with that term. Yeah and rooms for performers. It's the place is so well thought out that it's amazing. All the players will park inside the stadium. They will go into the belly of this giant beautiful sofa stadium and park inside the belly. So the visiting team buses all the trucks the television trucks. There's I mean, it's there's a bay down there that can hold. I don't know how many TV trucks and buses and cars and everything. So it's going to be Really really first top-notch and then all of the access for all of the good people and there's even one space for the bad people if you know what I mean. I'm very much so very much so and he's probably not the right thing to say when we finish that bit on the bad people, but my next question was what were your thoughts on your time in London? Probably about segue that from truthfully honest, but how did you find it over in London for the game at Wembley? Obviously, we've mentioned briefly run the parabolic. What was your how did your your take on the the NFL in the UK? Well loved so we had the opportunity to play there a couple of times. I had the opportunity to be obviously and Wembley this year and then twisting them the year before yeah. Both of those facilities are really interesting. You know, they're different right Wembley being so much newer than tweaking them. Yep. I don't mind saying this but I like the Twickenham environment. I thought that was really cool. I'm with you, you know the way that it was set up. It was interesting to see how they did all the cues to get people in the trains and get them in and out and they came so early in the energy in the building and the town. I just found that really you. Unique is so different because of the way it's set up Wembley to me. I was surprised with all the high-rises around it. And the way that the Wembley setup was was I had not been to Wembley before so that kind of surprised me and I thought they did a really nice job with the tailgate there and this stadium was just really really fantastic. Right? Yeah, and that's what it is when bleep stadium is a fantastic Stadium. Obviously, there's the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, which is He been designed with the NFL in mind with having the artificial pitch underneath the grass pitch, but I obviously attended tricking them as well as Wembley and out of the two for a Fan Experience Twickenham felt like we were saying earlier about about the service any other you felt a little bit closer you felt a little bit into it, but that's a rugby stadium and pretty much gets predominantly used just for that Wembley Stadium. Is that multi-purpose venue and that's where the to sort of differ. But in relation to obviously the Rams Fans and I don't know if you noticed this from one to the other the amount of change from from one time. They came over to the next was accelerated at what was your feeling to that? Oh, I agree with you. I think that the amount of fans we saw I mean to be coming down the street so he for fun. I went out and walked around, you know in the streets like I wanted to feel before a game. I like to get the feeling even at home at the Coliseum and I'll probably do this at sofa. I like to walk around and just sort of talk to people and get myself in the right state of mind. So I did the same thing when we were in into it condemned and then and when you get your lunch, Tailgate with Sam right? Yeah and just get going and it's just awesome. But to see the amount of jerseys and to see the amount of fan base. You're right. It was it was magnified when we got to Wembley to see all the royal blue and sunshine yellow. That was also the big difference the adoption of our Throwbacks by the time we got to Wembley was huge. You know when we Played in Twix in them. You saw more of the white with navy and gold by the time we got to Wembley. You saw a lot of the of the royal blue and sunshine yellow. Yeah. I think it pops more in the stands. I think you will notice that it it electrifies the crowd or you can really see the ram fan in that environment. Now as you know in England, you also see people of other teams jerseys being worn. Yes experience because their NFL fans and they come is NFL fans. So it's also need to also be able to be where I was in the lookout and say oh, yeah that you know, the Dolphins Jersey pops, you know that color jersey pops, and I remember when the Cardinals Jersey was just dominant when we played in Twickenham because they're just that red just popped. I think that another reason is obviously the weather but But you know, it's we were playing there. It's kind of the middle of fall and maybe a little colder and maybe a little drizzly or something, you know, people are wearing overcoats and the overcoats aren't necessarily the colors of the teams. But when we were there for Wembley boy people took their overcoats off you can really see the sunshine blue and and there's Sunshine yellow and royal blue. It was incredible. Now that probably leads me on to my next question. Now you can decline to answer but you've mentioned Genesis and obviously the people listening are going to be were talking about jerseys in the next couple of weeks. I know you may not know you may do no, but what would you like to see on these new view uniform announcements? I'd like to see the word Rams. I'd like to see about what numbers I'm sure I'll see the shield somewhere on there. Okay, I get it. I think I think what the Rams will do will be appreciated greatly is what I really think and I know that Kevin is really excited about it. I know that the team that's been Hide designing. It is really excited about it. I have no idea what it's going to look like and I will tell you that and I don't want to know because I don't want to be put into a situation. Yeah where I have to say. Oh, I know exactly what it's going to look like and then everybody's edgy because they don't I don't I don't think there's many people that do. It's been a very very closely kept secret. Yeah, and you're a fan as well. I was on the you're going to get that Fan Experience as well as superb. Yeah. I'm I'm hoping that I get an invitation to to the debut. I'm actually hoping that maybe they'll say okay, will you announce this run the backstage and now the colors of the Rams, you know, let's just make it dramatic. What the heck? Why not? Why not? This is a good enough actor rocket backdrop in the back to do some sort of announcing from so why not? There's and there's we all know that The fans are excited about em, if you follow Twitter, if you follow, you know, any of the social media sites, you can see it. That's all the people are talking about the moment. Yeah, I posted a helmet that I found the other day Chris a picture. I took when we were playing in Hawaii this year at the Aloha Stadium in Hawaii. We played the Dallas Cowboys there in the preseason game and it was it was wonderful really but on the wall was a helmet that had Rams. Horns on it, but they had helmets of all of the teams that have ever played in the Aloha Bowl. So I took a picture of this thing because it was it's funny and everybody so worried about what things are going to look like and everything. So I decided just to post that five and and you know, people are like we know that kid, it's not I mean if you look at the picture, there's dust all over this helmet on this wall 35 Used quite a job. It's a party and then Kevin the other day at the combine. He's awesome. I don't know if you've got to know him, but he is yes, but it's been for quite a while actually. Yeah, he wore a gray hat with red LA Rams. Yeah, so that just completely throw people off the said. Oh it's and what you know what people don't realize is there was one season many many years ago in Los Angeles where they did wear a gray and and or and Cleveland I should say with a did wear a red with a gray so it's you know, it's just awesome that he had that made because you can't find that right and and that's the thing that with Kevin. I think he's kind of embraced it. He knows that people are interested in it. He knows that everybody wants to know but he's kind of playing with it a little bit and early and there we see he did the thing on Tik Tok as well with sort of the lip syncing and thing and I think people are kind of getting okay. It will come I think people just want it now don't they? Obviously we wouldn't have had the come and we're not that far from the draft that I think it's just that whole stop keeping us waiting. Then let's start moving it. Really. Yeah, it'll be you know at this point we don't have a first round draft so you don't have that do we ever cross the stage where the Jersey situation so, you know, I think you know, I don't even know what the introduction line will be. I read something. Recently that somebody believes that they're going to debut this first or that first, but quite frankly. No one has told me that any order of anything being debuted. So until it says it's time it's time right? They got to manufacture all this stuff. It would make from a business standpoint. Let's look at it from a business standpoint. Let me go into my academic mode if you will from a business standpoint. Why would you announce something without having it available? Right? Yeah, exactly. Oh, you've got to get this stuff produced and you've got to get it right you could go and that's that's why it's taking a while to do it and they wanted to do it when the new stadium opened. So it pushed back because we push back the opening and Stadium to this year, but I got to tell you I know every person who has been involved in this process and every one of them wants to do it, right? There's yellow ones. Let anyone down and that starts at the top every one of them wants to do something that makes it special Progressive feel for the City of Angels definitely show and that probably leads his own to the coming season. Obviously last season potentially wasn't obviously wasn't what we wanted and but that is obviously where we ended off. Obviously we've spoke at length. On this podcast about where we ended up last season, but what where do you feel obviously moving into the new stadium, you've got all that pressure as well as a fan but obviously as an employee, what's your expectations for this coming season? You know, I think that you have a situation where everybody wanted to do. Well, I mean again no, no man that plays in the NFL wants to be on the worst team, right? Nobody wants to lose games in the NFL. They all want to do well our team particularly coming off a Super Bowl wanted to do well, but we had some trades and some people that left the team and we had just after we got We have injuries. And so we went from a very experienced offensive line to some inexperience at the NFL level right or some less experience than what we had on that line. And you know, it improved and you saw the end of the season much better than the beginning of the season, right? Yeah, and I think that the team and the coaches all worked really hard to get us into a position where we would you know, potentially make it But we were the only team with a winning record that didn't make it into the playoffs right very much. So with that new vote that the the ownership just had we would be in the playoffs now, so that would probably happen. It's it was a tough year, but it wasn't a I don't look at it as a bad year. No, I agree who's our fans were there. They were fired up and they were with us all. Way to the end right and a couple games when you think about a couple of games had something just gone different in Seattle with that. Kick it gone through. Yeah, baby, you know that could have that would have changed the trajectory without how early in the season was that the battle you know that we had was San Francisco. Those things all could have changed and we're not that far away. It's not like the Rams are getting blown out by anybody. Buddy, right? No not say isn't it wasn't it wasn't a car crash was it was the fact that I'd like you say and we spoke about in the obviously there was some strange games out there like the books game was one of those weird situations, but it's like you say there was a kicker the ball or a drop of a past that could have completely flipped the season do you expect us to really push it even further to the conversation because I think no one was really expecting our division to be As competitive as it was potentially over the do you see it being even closer this year? I think it probably gets even tighter. I mean, you've got the Rams are I mean what Sean's going to do with revamping some of this coaching staff this year. He's doing that for particular reasons and he's going to make sure that the Personnel along with I mean certainly less is instrumental in all of this. Maybe. Yeah sure that the personnel and Tony To make sure that this Personnel is really set up to achieve greatness and this I don't think anybody expected the 49ers to be as strong as they were convinced that they were just not that strong the year before the year before that this year they came out and they were great. You know, you know Seattle's going to be playing pretty well and Arizona's going to have to make a turn sometime. Right? Yeah, you have the toughest Division and and It's not going to get a lot easier especially next couple of years. You look at the ages of these quarterbacks you look at the ages of the team and being when you think about we have one anomaly really in Whitworth and yet we need that anchor and we need that maturity and we need that strength that he provides on that left side, right and definitely a great asset to us. He's like having a coach on the field I would bet. You know, I don't I don't line up next to him, but I got it. Believe that he brings a calm and comfort and an enthusiasm and energy that you know is different than the young man coming right out of college. He was so ya ready to go, you know small guy some you quite so but I think think I think Angie would still definitely tell her over you right? Yeah, he is he is larger than I and I need six five, but I'm looking eye to eye at a pretty much but still feel small. All right. Yeah, and then it's like you say he's instrumental on that line and I think you know obviously coming off for another year. It shows his passion for it. It's family a settled and yeah, he is like a coach on the on the field which is it will help and not a lot of teams have got that leadership to be able to pull things through and I think Jared sometimes needs on that and obviously helps him through. So yeah, I'm hoping for another. Superb Stadium, I think with all the new super sticky season 2 the same with the new stadium. I think it's just going to accelerate more and yes, the cameras are going to be honest probably even more than they were but hopefully with obviously the changes to the potential Personnel but also within the office and the coaching staff. I think I can see us thriving hopefully. Yeah, I think I think there's a lot of hot but mean what you're bringing back number 99, you know, who better? are in the NFL on the defensive side of the ball, you're going to bring in you've got just other extraordinary players throughout this franchise offensively and defensively and you know, when you do start to look at Aaron Donald anchoring this side and you look at what we have offensive, ly in girly and golf and And on the back side you're looking at you know what Taylor can do and on the defensive side of the ball. We just have some great talent across and so it's it's getting it all in sync and we work that far last year. Yes. It would have been nice to have been a little further than we were but I okay. That's the way life goes. We pack it up in the new season starts and out. Comes this team with a great energy into the sofa Stadium which is going to be amazing with new uniforms for sure going to be amazing with a spirit that you know is going to be invigorating when you've got Shawn leading with the kind of energy that he leads with. Well sounds pretty good to me pretty good to me. And I hope not to keep you much too much along the sound because you may back to the after your day job, but a little bit of a self-indulgent question really to the fact that in relation to all those here at the LA Rams UK and what we do on our Social medias and podcasts you obviously listen to it, which is the reason why you're with us today and you obviously sort of eyeballed me at the the berry Boyz and say I need to obviously speak to you about that. But what do you how do you do is it taken over in in the u.s. To what we're trying to do over here in the UK and what we put out there and spout about every week. It's is there any talk of what we're doing or that people are aware of it? People are aware of it. You know, it's interesting when you play over there as much as we play but you know people ask hey, what's it like, how are they really into it and to be able to explain that, you know, London has become kind of the hub for the NFL in that, you know in in Europe and that it's not just the people of Great Britain or the UK or you know, you've got people coming over from Ireland you have people coming over from Germany of people coming over from Switzerland you very much in Italy. People coming from Pakistan young people coming from I can't tell you all the people I meet when I'm there and I'm able to share that with people here because they want to know what's it like when you're there are these people really into it or is it just, you know, a concert show enough they come and they don't they don't care. No, they know the players you guys know what's going on you care. You don't have to be in the Coliseum every week. You can you can be an active fan through your podcast through watching the games through going to the Rams.com through check again on what JB long is posting, you know all the time. He does a great job for the Rams as the voice of the Rams and there's broadcasts on is his podcasts on the different things that he does to make this team exceptional. I think you find all of that Serena Morales doing what she does get People the inside feel as the Rams reporter you guys all get all that and then you give it back. And so the feeling is that people know that they're real fans and that's the nice thing about a team like ours but we were gone we come come home and the people are embracing the team as its come home, but they're also embracing everything that's coming with it. You know, you don't really have people that are negative about fans who were fans that were in St. Louis, right? And people that say, you know, I remember my dad telling me about the team and seeing the team in Cleveland, right? Okay, you know, it's all good. It's we're a Global Experience now and you can sort of see this with d gaming right in this new modern. I guess I back into my academic mode this this modern sports interest. It's not just the people in this. I'm saying this is my team. It's people affiliating with teams for passion and for connection and it doesn't matter where they live me. I'm sure you have Manchester United fans here. We have a ton of Arsenal fans in Los Angeles, you know, and and you see that when I went to the Arsenal Stadium the Emirates Stadium when I was in London this year and to see the fans I saw people wearing Rams jerseys there. I see people wearing our soldiers he's here. Here you don't you just it's amazing how globally experiences people could pick where they want to be a fan for and we love it. And I love it. I love engaging with guys like you and people that come in from, you know, Scotland, right? We've got people from Germany and it's just so fun to meet these people and I love seeing the name that you come to Los Angeles to so thank you. Thank you to the fans. We will keep on doing it and The podcast will keep coming out every week through the season. They'll be some other ones coming out as well as we are in the offseason, but Sam, thank you very much for your insight into the Rams from a different perspective and keep up. What you doing. Good luck. Obviously when you step into the sofa Stadium, I think it's going to be amazing. But now thank you very much for your time today. Grits, it's really been a pleasure to be with you. Thank you for seeking me out and it's always great to see that want to give a shout out to all those those fans that just go and watch games wherever they go, whatever pubs but particularly at our favorite Pub in London banker and borrow boys is a wonderful place and thank you to their staff for being our home kind of our home base in London. We have a great time there and you know all the best to everyone that listen to this podcast around. Globe and may all stay safe and stay healthy and rise with the Rams. Give us that chanting one more time, Sam whose house and everybody is saying Rams house. Thanks guys. Speak to God bless you. Take care.