Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled.on this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that children that are born biologically to the mother. So what scientists have studied and confirmed that in the parents brains when you know, of course when we fall in love with our biological children and that bonding hormone is released in that, you know in the parents that same hormone is released when a Two parents meet their adoptive children for the first time. So, you know, of course, that's the the that is always been one of the things like em, you know, am I going to be able to love my My adoptive child the same way that I love my biological child. So what do you think about this this study for this new research, but I can at first the way it was being explained. I couldn't understand it but you know as far as when somebody when you first meet somebody. And you know that that is yours that your child that I'm sure that you would have the same reaction. You would have the same reaction as of in my biological or is it being just my foster child? I know this is something that I'm going to love. This is someone that I'm going to bond with so I can I can imagine that it would be the same feeling. Hmm. Okay. I don't see why it wouldn't it would be any different. Yeah, because you is your child a mother. Or a parrot they're going to use it's like you automatically love your child. Right? Right. I mean, of course, you know, the reason why I think that this research is so important in this this study because when I before I first started thinking about fostering and adoption or anything like that and we was having trouble with having kids and all of these things. I questioned that you know, I question, you know, am I going to be able to love a child the same way that I love my biological daughter? Right? And if not then I need to just leave them Keys. Yeah where they'll yeah because I wouldn't want them to come into a home and then feel less than load and you know and they've already been through so much loss it is right and they haven't to come and then contend with well, you know, I can't She don't really buy it with me. I love me the same way that she loves her her biological daughter and I just couldn't have that on my heart right now, of course since since and the reason why you know, of course we're going to have Carly on this episode today is because she was she was the first child that I had that had came into our home entire lives after Zaria, which is our biological daughter. And so I was the question that I have for you Mom. excuse me is about Grandparents, you know, because biologically, you know, I had a question one time in my email saying that A grandmother had sent saying that she didn't really know how she was going to feel because her daughter is adopting right, you know, that was something that she never really thought would be option because she didn't think that her daughter would have struggles with having children's right? And so she was questioning will you know, depending upon how old they are when they come, you know different things like that. Like will I be able to love this child away, but I love my daughter or I don't even know what it feels like to have the biological grandchild because I don't have it like, you know, is that gonna be an issue? So, you know, it's coming from a Grand Parent's perspective. Of course, you know, when I was pregnant with Zaria and I had zarya, how did how was your reaction? Oh, very excited. Of course. We were static. It was like a different kind of love. difficult love I don't know. It's just like when you when you're a grandparent, but it's like being a parent for the first time. It's like being a parent for the first time but then when you get them Grant you it's like a it's like a second love is like a second burst of energy. No new life and the minute that you got your kids. It was no different. It was just no different. It was like second burst of love the more grandchildren the merrier, um, because I know that if I love my children, I'm a love their children. And I know that you love your children. So in essence, I love your children. Those are my grades. Did you have them biologically? No, but biologically they're yours. Oh, yeah. So to me, it's not a question of how do you love my question is do I even have room to love them any more than I already do. I don't think it's possible questions come to my inbox of different things like that and of adoptive children or foster kids treat being treated differently by family members and you know, of course, I was always I would get family members together if I felt like they would treat my biological daughter any different right? Sometimes you hear things like oh, well, I can see this child being beautiful or you can write this child. Didn't know I have four kids you're going to treat all four of my kids the same way, right? Of course, you're not of course, you're not going to treat them their boys and girls ages are different right but when it comes to I just have more love for my biological nice. Oh my biological granddaughter on my biological cousins, right then I I have for the other one's right know like I can't I don't play those type of games. Right? Like I try not to I wouldn't as um, you know, some someone say it to me. Well, don't you feel like it is a difference? No, I mean, I really don't I don't I don't feel like it's a difference when it comes to any of my kids. I mean, I just really don't I mean I don't of course, I know that I didn't physically birth them, right? Um, and was it Bit of time where I had to with Carly it was different with Aidan and Princeton. I felt like it was a possibility that they could go back to, you know be reunited with their birth families, right, you know a family member so, you know, you don't want to get attached to quickly right then all of a sudden. It's like, oh, you know, which is what fox carry is right. They be reached their reunified with their families and then it's like okay, of course, I know that my heart is going to be broken. A little bit but at least I know if if I didn't allow myself to get too emotionally attached then, you know, I can probably work on detaching myself right a little bit but I can't I just don't II can't say this any different. I don't well first of all, I feel I feel as though well and then we know that people get into for the wrong reasons, but I feel as though if you don't have love to For you shouldn't you shouldn't get into fostering without right? You should not by any means because see these kids are coming from broken homes broken places. They need they need love. They need to feel loved. They need to feel their security. They need to feel somebody to say that I hear you. I feel you. I love you. I think they need to so if you if it's anything less than love that you bring in is broken. Did you your need to leave them alone? Loan exactly what you would be better off because you could you could damage them more right you could damage the more because so I think that even though if I ever got into it not now I wouldn't but in earlier years if I had got into possibly know adopted it have definitely been for love right because I know that I would head the love to offer you have to be compassionate. You have to love them. You have to have patience you have to At this possum is not for the faint of heart. No, it's not all these. You know, it's definitely not a long romantic walks in the park, right, you know and all these things. Of course, I would say that it's not is not an easy job, but it's not the hardest don't because you know, they're real kids like your real kids like my own real kids coming with real issues because I would be it would just be a flat-out life. I save didn't when I had my three girls growing up that they didn't have any issues. They didn't have any problem. No, they were real kids growing up real teenagers, but real issues Granite that some kids have a lot of kid. Okay, what makes them have issues a lot of times maybe okay kids born with issues. Okay, maybe they have issues due to parents. Maybe they have issues and it's thousands of reasons why kids have issues but then it all stems back to the parent. Because how much? I don't know. It's just a quit. How much love is too much love honey? Yeah. I know it. I don't care. This is no way they could be enough right for your children for your children whether biological step adopted Widow, you know, what if we raise my girls, I promise you if we had to sleep in one in a cardboard box in the corner. As long as I hate my children. Yeah, then we would we would be just by we be doing that but granted some chilled against sometimes people have to do what's best for their children. Right not saying if they don't love their kids because I feel like sometimes when you apparent that gives their child up for adoption of places their children up for adoption. I feel like that that's that's the ultimate sacrifice right like you had in order for you to do that. You have to love your child saying that I just can't physically do this. Why I'm going to place my child up for adoption. That's that's a different job. When you get those kind, you know, those kind of people that does that but then again, they're all those that just don't give a hill of beans, right and these kids are looking for something right. I mean it's so they already probably coming into a household and and and they're feeling less love. They got all these emotions going on. They got all these different kind of thing. Things going on. So of course, they feel like that. They're they're just looking through a window. And if you're not rip Ridley to give them the same love same compassion that you have for your own kids again. Like I said, just leave them where they are, right? That's right. Well, I after these messages we are going to be talking to Carly and get her perspective on it. It's gonna be Then stay tuned. Get ready to laugh and cry as you hear some of the most embarrassing and vulnerable stories from former Olympic gymnast Shawn Johnson and NFL player Andrew East on the couple things with Sean and Andrew podcast. Some of their previous episodes include interviews with guests. Like Kaitlyn bristowe jacent Artic Sadie Robertson and Chris Titan Huff. You can listen to the couple things with Sean and Andrew podcast on your Spotify or wherever you listen to your favorite pie. cast and we are back so Carly. Hey, we are back with my daughter Carly. And again, I like to say she's my oldest but second daughter - how in the world, you know this in the second. But anyway, so we are talking today about love that a new study that that they just Searched in a scientist who came out and said that the same hormones that are released when a biological parent meet their child for the first time as the same type of hormone that's released when they meet their when adoptive parents meet their adoptive child for the first time and you know, of course, we've already talked, you know about me having that feeling of all, I'm not going to love a child the same with it. I love my biological child, and I didn't know how that was going to be. And the theory was tested. Yeah, when Carly Mosey don't in to our lives some five years ago. So Carly, I want you to explain from your perspective because we've got from my perspective as an adoptive parent is a Grand Parent's perspective. Now, we want to get it from a child's perspective because I know you didn't start off calling me Mom right away. I did not pressure you to call me Mom. I don't think that nobody purses you. Just call them Mom Dad Grandma Grandpa, you know, whatever. But when did you know that? Hey, you know, I think I love these people, you know. Well after y'all really started showing me what love really was is when like when you sharp started showing me that you cared when you started showing me that certain things like family was important. That's when I really knew I was like, this is how it's supposed to be. Okay? Okay. So we you say like showing you is the it like is it a specific thing that we do or that we said or Specifically, I don't think so. But like it was a lot of verbal like a lot of y'all letting me know that y'all love me letting me know that y'all had my back with whatever I did that y'all wanted me to do good in school. Y'all wanted me to go to the next level or to push myself to do better, which I didn't have a lot of that. Back at you know prior to yeah. Mmm. I was it was mainly me pushing myself for me pushing them to do better. So I felt as if I was more the dope, so I feel like since y'all put me in the child's place that it helped me to know where I stood. Okay. So do you feel like that was an adjustment for you having to be to keep yeah. I was used to tell him older people what to do. Like, I was used to being the leader. Yeah. Mmm, so That difficult like when I would say now I'm hanging then what we not getting ready to do or because I look like nothing to do. I'm glad because I like I could do whatever I want I could do whatever I wanted. But normally I whatever I want to do I can do too much. I was gonna do it. Yeah. So do you feel like it was um, do you think those things like that structure and all of those things came along with with you feeling like? Okay. Well, I I do feel secure. I do feel loved and you know, like how how did structure play a part or rules? Like do you feel like that was love to or first? Did you feel like um like this? Well, I've always liked like I would ask for rules in the household. So I guess you could say like, I honestly like it was something to adjust to but it was also like I liked it like I was like, well, this is what I've always asked for this what I've always wanted so I couldn't be upset with me. I was getting out of it. It was like I don't know how to explain it was it was like really hard to adjust to the light. I don't know how to put it in words. Like it was hard to adjust to the rules. Even though you knew you had something that you wanted right? Like it helped me mature help me become like a better person in like a lot of lessons throughout being actually know you really wanted that authority figure you wanted somebody to be an authority over you you want it to be able to have somebody to say no cause You can't do that by calling you don't need to do that. All right, you know because sometimes it's hard being a child and happened to be the leader, right? You know, what happened to lead an adult or have to make adult decisions don't decision to the household or yeah, I feel like a dope is trying to listen to you or getting trying to get advice from you as long as if you aren't in Middle School. Well, nobody really know. Now when it comes to things that would go on. Do you feel like I was a I've been a fair mother across the board. Do you think that I was there as far as it relates to zarya because she is biologically now look my daughter come on coughing y'all look excuse her heart's call. But do you feel like I was a fair have been a fair parent. Do you feel like you've been treated any differently than say? How's Aria would Or would have been treated. Like take me through like at the beginning. Did you feel like that then toward the middle and then now it's like full-fledged. Right? So in the beginning I was more Scene is still just the best friend that was over 24/7. So things that I got away with Zaria wouldn't really get away with but that's also when I was starting to since I was over so much I'll starting to get chores will start to get almost a punishment because I didn't do anything bad but it's say if I was to do something I am so like if I didn't do it or I was gonna get a consequence or something like that. So that was something to adjust to towards the middle. Towards the middle. It was like that was like the Justin period I was being told that like I was really getting rules. I was like like, you know, I was in the scared period like and I do this shit I do is in trouble. I always questioned myself with a couple things just trying to adjust I was like, well, this is my mama now. That you want it. I know it had to be different here to be like, okay, probably in the back of your mind you spotlight. I don't know if I'm gonna like kids. Yeah, you know, I mean, this is just a true feeling surreal feeling right, you know deep down is something that you want you want because you know, that's what you want that and you needed it. Right but it decided that little Minds then all know. I think I can deal with be it. Put up to asking a felon on ourselves. Yeah, but now we both don't want to add. What to do what not to do so, I mean at this point you've learned, you know, the family, you know, the culture the expectations and things like that and so it's almost like hum whole like it's like it's not even that I have to think about it anymore. It's just that this is the way that I think he is right. So thinking back to when we started adding family members on now, how did how Did you adjust to that did you love you know Aidan right away. Did you love Princeton right away? Like how did that because you do have other siblings that you know, of course get to see often and you guys go out and hang out and do all these things. So you was used to having siblings. Where's Arya was not she was essentially the only child until you came. But how did you feel like going from to just you and zarya to for but you know, it's even though I was the youngest I kind of felt kind of older than them. So now I'm really am the oldest. And now when you say you was the youngest meaning you were the youngest with your biological sister. Yeah. Okay because I don't want to confuse. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah a now these the right now, I'm the oldest so with me in zarya like we don't really see it age difference. No my it's just a couple months. So, you know, I don't really see myself as older. She don't really see yourself as younger, but when Came to Aid in you know, when I first came home like he was just he was just there because I have just came home from a vacation. But yeah, okay the beach. Yes. I was like I thought that was my room because you know, it was kind of early. I haven't I was with y'all for how long I'm probably like when a tin can He was probably about yeah, so like I've I had known all family members like well, maybe this is somebody I don't know you but then me and her we we get along. Well, yes, we argue. We've always argued like siblings from the beginning tonight. It ain't never been. No, it's okay from the beginning. So I feel like honestly even with all the arguing we have a really good Bond, like I feel like he can come to me and talk to me. About anything and honestly, even though he is as young as he is I can come and talk to him. And so I feel like we do have a great Bond and it's always been like that and with Princeton, you know, I'm not good with little like don't get me wrong. Like, you know, you do have biological siblings and then you have your siblings here too. So do you feel like you know the same way that you love your biological systems the same way that you love Zari and Aiden and Princeton or do you feel like it's a difference? I would say aye the difference would be more of I feel like there's going to always be a difference with how you feel towards your siblings, but the love is always going to be the same for them. But like it's just like the different good way. She can hear. All right. All right, that's where that is. That is well said so you write your connection with each sibling is going to be different because I have a different connection with all my siblings, but I love them the exact same equally my loved one more than and it is so just say when you first started to meet other family members like you started to come around Grandma and Grandpa Gene. EG or unti. You know Mikey and Toya and tracing it. Like how did you feel being introduced to what kind of family members are like extended family members? Well what grandma grandma has never acted as if I was any other I had to do what I was told. Darden school was getting on me. I had to come out of my shell but He was open to bringing me into the family and it really meant a lot to me. Like even the little things that they did just saying how you been Carly like even the fact that they just knew my name right walk. Do you feel accepted and loved into the new family that was what is good? And so I think that you know, the research can show that it's not just um, it doesn't go with just a DOT, you know parents really sweet and go with He is in the green pants because it's not just one set of people that make up a family and you know, we did get the question of like well, when did did Carly you know where Asian because of course Boosie Princeton has always called me and you know Mom right? Of course he we've had him since he was a baby but um, like how how long was it before? You know, you start calling me mom. Well, what is that? Like, I really Ali Just honey, I was like I remember but I remember I do remember that I did used to call you by your name I go to that rename my belly disrespect. I feel like it was when I started really feeling like, you know how you just get that because I don't know. I just got the film. Just kind of getting into the family, right, you know, sorry really coming over more getting to know more and I was like, well, I feel like this is my mom like I she acts like my mom she treats me as if I'm her own. She doesn't lie to me. He got me miss lady for the longest. Yeah, he did and he called you. Grandma Yeah, you got to become a cop before you called and I was like, what about Dad? So like do you feel like it took you a long time to warm up to start calling Ricardo dead, or do you feel like it? Is like the love of stuff was there as just wasn't you know, you felt like it needed to be alive. I feel like To be honest like with Dad. It was like like the connection and love was there and I did feel Comfort when I was with Dad but it was more of I feel like cuz how my biological dad was coming by he knew that I called you Mom. Like I did you hide it from me. I'd be like Mom and he but he was didn't know who I was talking my eyes. I would ask my mom right? So that's what I'm talking about. But when it came to Dad, I felt like just me and him did have a Connection then which is kind of fallen off. But since we did have a good connection, I felt like I didn't want to do is make that yeah, but it may leave honestly, it made me feel bad because I was like like I love and respect this man, right? We honestly takes care of me. He's put me under his house. He puts food on the table every night for me to eat and I'm over here not calling him dad and I feel as if he is my father even though it's like he's not my bio dad. I still feel I like this is my father. He does all things. Things a father should do and he loves me as if I am his own daughter. Yeah, so I just that's when I was like he was serves to title to be my dad. Like I aren't like how do you work it? Like he just he didn't show he showed you that and you you was completed and I can see that, you know, like a, you know, I can see how because you do have a good relationship with your day today and you didn't you don't want him to feel like disrespected and then of course, you know, we have to look at those cultural things to your dad is African yeah, you know, you know then it's just it's those cultural things and the way that that when I talked to your dad the way he describes things to me and breaks it down for me to understand on from his point of view from a cultural perspective because I'm you know, I'm American and so of course we're going to have different views we both were both black, but he literally African-American and I'm just black in America. I mean You know, but you know, so we had to navigate, you know, those things and then I think when your dad your biological dad started to accept the fact that okay, you know, mr. Ricardo do you you mr. Ricardo do provide a place for Carly and you know, I respect John and I appreciate these things and then he didn't he didn't have an issue, you know, he didn't take issue with it after I explained, you know, we What about it? Like hey, you know what we're going to do and then I was like, I definitely understand. You know, it took a minute to come around but I think but I think that's that's the part of being able to have that shared type of parenting experience and being able to hear the person out, you know and see. Okay. Well, how can we all just kind of get along for the sake of the child and also provide the best care possible without Without compromising who they want to be right? You know who I am and this family. I don't want to compromise that but I also love you too. Yeah, you know, I don't want this difficult relationship is important if if that relationship is going to be something that's going to be productive or if it's going to be something this will be stable something that it's not going to harm your I do hurtful because Given the situation that your dad may have been under I know that he loves you. He loves his job. But you know under the circumstances. He just can't meet those circumstance. Right? So therefore I don't think like your mom don't think it's a problem that you see your father or whatever because of the simple fact that y'all do not have a bomb and as long as it's not affecting you any kind of way or anything then I said hey and it's good that you keep connection. Your siblings and the Bayou is it's just that's wonderful. Right right. I think it's I think it's important for kids if it's if at all if it's healthy if it's healthy that any any situation where kids are in a foster care adoption or whatever if the connection is good and it's healthy. Then I think that they should be able to be connected with their birth and by your families and I know that all you know, every time the situation is different. I've been very lucky to be able to have these type of families that these bonus families that I have right now, of course with Carly's grandmother and her siblings. Like I know first ceilings rival, you know, just as much as I love my own Keys like I would do anything for her biological. I can't wait to get my fingers on Princeton's new. Rub, right. He just had a new brother couple days ago and I can't wait to squeeze his little cheeks. Um, so, you know these type of experiences or whatever but you know, it's all about love ya in the hormones that are released that the researchers got right because they soon as I soon as I knew the job was going to be in my life forever. I was like, ooh that was hormones felt like the day that I first met various in my own and now Now it's like ooh, if something ever happens to my kids then I ain't gonna be right I'ma have to when did you start feeling like as if I was your daughter? Uh-huh the first day when you came talking about you needed an outfit for course. I gotta go. Bye Gage. Yeah. Sure. No she comes in the koi. No, there's a daughter. I really honestly I looked at it. Like, you know, of course diary is freeing use are restrained you was coming over and then every time I turn around and then that's going to Carly and then Carly Carly you won't vacations now Carlos you at church. And so, you know, it was going to be a permanent situation. I had already developed a bond, you know, I already started to love you like okay men's she's more than just a friend. Like I loves Iris friends. I really have but it was a different type of you know, they they going home, you know, she is home, you know, so then that became, you know, something totally different and then you know, of course when you start like, oh Lord, you know, I'll be in bed with Ricardo like who's she decided to go back home? What is she leave? You know, they go come get all lot, but I'd be like girl got to be active, you know, but then that's when you know, like okay. Well, I do feel like this this person's mother and I'm sure like for Mom grandparents. They just probably immediate like yeah because I did you like to eat. That's all you do. We love to hear your perspective on this topic. And so, um, we are going to oh, oh well, yes, you know what mama is exactly right? So, um, these are just for you two to take away from this. I have four tips that you guys can take away from this. The first thing is don't let people discourage you from fostering and adopting based. On your ability or inability to love a child because they're not biologically yours listen to your heart pray about it and then make the decision from there. The second thing is be patient be patient with your your adoptive child because you know, you just never know their history. You don't know everything you might know little bits and pieces but you don't know everything that they've had to endure until you build that bond in that Rapport of and they start telling you more and Or just be patient with them and and allow that that love to kind of Encompass everything that is the bond that a child and of parents could share the third thing don't expect gratitude. Like I'm about to have to gratitude my child. But um don't expect gratitude from your child, you know, you want to make sure that you're not making them seem like this. This you just have to be grateful for this situation that you're in now. Oh, I I rescued you. I saved you from this. You should be grateful. You should be thankful. Why are you acting like this white, you know, that's that's one of the most hurtful things that I think people can employ on to a child that has gone through so much that they should feel grateful. You know that they've been in there there in your foster home or that they're they've been adopted and then the fourth thing is don't allow people to Tell you that you should adopt based on color, right? No, you should adopt based on love. You should have not made it period you know it does not you you don't have to adopt a white child because you're why you don't have to adopt a black chocolate Hispanic shot because your has been no you should adopt adopt or false on the premise that you have the capability and the capacity to love a child that just needs simply that love and that's it. So those are my For tips and I hope you guys can take that and utilize that um, you know, if you if you ever are in a situation that that you might can refer back to this. Yeah. So with that being said, mommy you got a scripture for us. I do have something here says whoever lives in love lives in God and God in them Ephesians 4 and tooth is be completely humble and gentle be patient bearing with one another in love and above all Love each other deeply because love covers over a multitude of sins and John 5 and 12 says it my command is the love of each other as I have loved you. Yes, a man and a man but Mama, yes, if our hearts and Minds clear. Yes, we are. Yeah, he's he's