Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk aboutWe've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this you should not be considered investment advice is for educational purposes only. Originally this portfolio update episode was just going to kind of cover Disney and into it but given recent Market action and the amount of calls we receive from clients. I felt like I should talk about our portfolio and how we're managing it as it relates to the coronavirus know a truism about the market is investors pay up for certainty and for that comfortability when times are uncertain and the market seems riskier investors want more return for the risk before they get back into the market. So stocks have to re price lower it Common question we get is why not sell now get out of the way of the uncertainty and then by back in when things are back to normal. This is a market timing call. There are asking us to sell positions now knowing that the market is going to go lower from here and then to buy back when we know that the market is going to go back up. We can't do that. And I don't know if anyone can reliably do this, you know, sure some people make a good call every now and then but can they do it consistently? We don't know if the market will continue to go. Go down from here and we sure don't know when it will stop and start going back up what usually happens when we sell into a market decline in into uncertainty is we're selling low and when things calm down and things feel better, the Mark has already moved higher and we're buying back at higher prices. We're selling low and buying High that's a recipe for permanent impairment of capital and complete opposite of the old saying of Buy Low and sell High what we do during these times is focus on the things that we In control, we can control how we value a company and we can control our portfolio rules and trading systems in episode 10. We talked about our systems and how it was forcing us to trim our positions and apple visa and MasterCard plus a few other positions. It just got too big and client portfolios right. Now. Those systemic trades are looking really good. But that was just absolute luck. You know, we had no special Insight. It was just a rules. Now the other thing is heading into this correction. Our newer accounts accounts opened within the last year or so still had a lot of cash. We weren't going to add positions to their account if we couldn't buy them at a good price. Now after this quick sell-off, we're relying on our valuation work and our systems again to direct our training we have several positions that are trading at prices. We would like to buy them at and as I record this we've picked up three positions so far. One of them is Visa, you know, which we sold earlier the cell Brought it back down to a price where we're willing to pay in a good amount of new accounts didn't have a position of these yet. So we initiated a trade the coronavirus is a perfect reason for this quick sell off its an open-ended risk. Our imagination can run wild with all sorts of Doomsday scenarios. And the news is always right there to help us with our imaginations. It doesn't help that our cognitive biases tend to push us to overweight the probability of a doomsday scenario at times like this, too. I do think it's helpful to kind of talk about some of the spectrum of outcomes that we think are possible. Again. This is just a range and some Spectrum. It's these aren't the hard fast scenarios are going to happen. The first is it really is the zombie apocalypse virus? No people lock themselves in their homes Global Supply Chain shuts down for a really long time businesses suffer. They start to go bankrupt people lose their jobs people without jobs, you know real estate drops off because people can't pay the rent or they can't afford the mortgages. Credit spreads blow out and you get a large long recession and it's a global one at that. The second scenario is kind of what we call our base case the virus runs. Its course over the next quarter China's efforts to slow infections in deliver Quality Medical Care work China was ill-prepared for this and there's evidence that they tried to cover up the news a new virus was spreading before the Chinese New Year know where the virus broke out the Wuhan Province. They were lacking adequate Healthcare and adequate access to healthcare. And they were lacking the medical supplies to really handle this initial outbreak China's efforts to ignore the threat and hope it would go away just blew up in their face and it's kind of blowing it all of our faces which is why China had to respond with this massive containment operation that we've been seeing on the news. Now, there is also some circumstantial evidence that the virus isn't as infectious in warmer climates. So as China and other places warm up the infection rates drop because of the virus and containment operations, China, Is a slow down it's p.m. I just came out in the 30s and it should show at least a contraction for a quarter or two which would label it a recession. Now it takes time to get the factories back up and running people are slow to get back to work and Global Supply chains are still disrupted and coming back online in the meantime inventories around the world get depleted. And this would probably give way to that Global recession. But we think in this scenario would be more of a transitory of session like we saw in the early 1990s, especially in the US unemployment. When traits don't Spike that much so there's still demand for Consumer products. But that demand gets shifted over a couple quarters and during this time governments around the world as stimulus Through official channels like Ray cuts and through unofficial channels like China reducing the down payment necessary to buy an apartment or a house. Then the global supply chain comes back online There is extra stimulus in the system inventories get rebuilt and consumer purchases pick up again, and you can see a strong recovery out of a transitory recession like this the best-case scenario is like Base case but the virus gets under control much quicker China gets back to work within the next month or so and even though the virus spreads around the world governments and their medical systems are prepared keeping infection rates down and death rates down. You know, we see your short contraction not really a big recession companies depend on travel like Airlines will bear the brunt of this. And again, these aren't the only scenarios. It's just kind of a set of range of possible outcomes kind of think about and the big things is it doesn't tell us what the stock market will do the stock market usually a acts in anticipation. So if things start to look like the base case or better than the stock market would probably react positively ahead of the official numbers and we do see some good news coming out of this weekend infections are slowing down in China, you know, that's if you trust China's numbers now that are infections in other countries with more reliable data will get better picture at the infection rates the mortality rates and the time till recovery countries and businesses around the world are taking steps to slow down transmissions and break the Infections some of the stuff may seem like an over reaction but its necessary for health organizations to catch up with the virus and get the right systems and practices up and running and for the businesses to prevent further disruptions to their operations. The other good news is mortality rates infection rates and Recovery rates are much better in countries with better access to healthcare and just better Healthcare in general for its citizens. But back to what we're doing our job is to invest during times of uncertainty. You know, we have to May the probabilities of the different scenarios are highest weight would be towards the base case. So that's how we'll manage our portfolio going forward, you know, that's until the facts change now, we're moving forward but cautiously we're staying focused on our evaluations and buying high quality companies where the price makes economic sense and right as the coronavirus sell-off was picking up steam Bob Iger had to announce a stepping down as a CEO of Disney immediately, you know, this is not the best time for a company whose business. Depends on mass amounts of people congregating together and touching the same thing as a thousand other people for their lead CEO and a transformational CEO to step down Matthew ball who's essays over the years helped influence. Our thinking on Disney kind of summed up iger's sudden step down the best. This is the 14 month of Bob iger's thirty six month extension. So little soon Disney had a great earnings report a few weeks ago. So why not announce at the end of that call the news of him stepping down would have been blinded by the good news. As we just said before this is happening right in the middle of the coronavirus outbreak, you know, this is a crisis situation for a company who generates a lot of revenue and profit from theme parks where Mass amounts of people congregate and who will likely avoid these theme parks during all this Bob Iger also just wrapped up his press tour his for his book, you know, you think he would have stepped down before the torture really hype his book and his achievements as a guy who was a weatherman that rose up to become the CEO of Disney and really reshape this old Media Company. For the future after summing up Matthew listed three possible explanations for the random Tuesday. Step down one. It's a scandal to health issues three. He's running for president for number one. I don't think it's a scandal if it's a me to type of Scandal. I think this would have come out already now, it could have just happened but I still think it would have come to the surface relatively quickly plus Bob is Remain the chairman of Disney and overseeing its creative Endeavors. Why would Disney keep such a close relationship with Someone caught up in a scandal that tarnishes Disney's family brand Bob also mentioned way back that he would like to run for president but it's too late for this election and Bob doesn't have Bloomberg's money to start this late and spend his way to National prominence. Also, Bob is a good long-term strategic thinker. I think after seeing what happened to Howard Schultz Tom steyer and the backlash against Bloomberg that Bob may wait for a better opportunity to get into politics if at all sadly, I think the most likely Of the three would be health issues again. Nothing has been leaked. So hopefully that is not the case fourth idea in the most Bland one was maybe Bob and the board were waiting to finalize chapstick as a new CEO Iger was going to retire years ago, but without a suitable replacement he stayed on which turned out to be a really good thing because the company needed him for a couple more years to finish putting all the pieces into place for this future streaming world that Disney is entering and so they just waiting for the best successor. Sure to take over all that now with Chapa can position and the company set up for Success. Bob was ready to step down and the timing though random was just when everything was in place in Disney was ready to name the successor. Now a late Friday news drop would have been way more suspicious and Bob's not going away. Like we said, he will be helping chapping over the next year with the transition and he will focus on the area that he loves the the creative side and he gets to continue to oversee his major acquisitions. You know, he gets over see his legacy. But of course the market reacts negatively to a strong leader stepping down. But again Disney is really in a strong position chapbook just has to manage it effectively for the next few years while he works on and steers Disney through its near and mid term strategic projects and then he gets to shape and plan Disney's long-term strategic initiatives. Like Tim cooked it when Steve Jobs died. I do agree with Matthew about Bob's run a CEO. It was an amazing run. He has successfully positioned Disney grow into the future of media without destroying its current Cash Cow, its cable affiliate fees and what its parts business has done during iger's tenure is just phenomenal to now Bob came to Disney through ABC. He started ABC as a weatherman. He had the dreams of becoming the next Ron Burgundy and oh a news anchor he quickly change career paths and went to the corporate route. Then ABC was bought by a capital cities and Bob stay with the company. Then he was in position to help Capital Cities / ABC when it was bought by Disney ba became CEO of In 2005. His first acquisition was Pixar ahead of the Boom in digital animation and he bought the best digital Animation Studio out there. Now. I'm 40. I don't have kids yet, but I still watch every Pixar movie then in 2009. He bought Marvel which at the time a lot of people thought was a terrible deal because the rights to its most bankable properties X-Men and Spider-Man were held at other Studios, but given the string of 21 successful Marvel movies the 22 billion and box office revenue. They brought in an Avengers. In-game bringing in 2.8 billion dollars alone makes the 4 billion for Marvel look like a steel. I mean that doesn't include merchandising and everything else tied to the movies. Then there was Lucas Films for four billion, which had the opposite reaction everyone thought that was a steal. No, I thought so too. I still do even with some of the missteps. They took with recent movies my own personal thing. I think they rushed the new saga movies out too quickly without having the overarching story arc in place or even stopping to think should we even continue sky? Or saga or should we start something else Rogue one was great because it expanded the Star Wars universe and it answered a lingering question from A New Hope. How do they get the plans to the first death star? And why did have this fundamental weakness? Then you have Star Wars Rebels the first property put out after Disney bought lucas films that whole cartoon series just a masterpiece and it looks like the Star Wars universe is finding a great new home with Disney plus. So the lucasfilm's division is learning from its mistakes. Then Bob invested in an acquired. The rest of bam Tech is the most unheralded acquisition of his by think. It's one of the more crucial ones, you know bam Tech was needed to build infrastructure for his Ott dreams. That's Disney plus an ESPN plus and they don't work without the bomb tick acquisition. And then there is his last and transformative acquisition of fox Disney already had a tremendous library, but with Fox it is now unparalleled. It catapulted Disney right to the top there with Netflix Disney still makes the bulk of their Crossing the cash flow from cable affiliate fees, you know, and that was a concern with their business model that core cutting would really hurt Disney and it did and it still is but Bob has position with Disney with all these Acquisitions and during you know, the secular trend of core cutting to be a leader in streaming and by going directly and owning that customer relationship Disney can monetize that relationship through so many different channels. So dizzy again has been just positioned really well by Bob Iger lastly we have into its purchase of Credit Karma now I was Loosely aware of credit card before this acquisition. I used it a long time ago when it first came out like everyone else get my free credit score. I didn't know its current business model. So when I saw into it paid seven billion for it, my initial reaction was a little bit of a shock but then I looked into it a little further and I think they got a good deal Credit Karma has about 100 million users with a wide range of engaged activity on the site. And most of these users have linked up a lot of financial accounts to Credit Karma. So they can monitor their financial lives in real time. It's estimated Credit Karma has something like 2,600 Plus data points per Member Credit Karma is essentially a lead generator for banks and insurance providers. These companies pay credit karma to have their Insurance and financial products be shown to Credit Karma is users whenever the request info about credit cards loans bank accounts and insurance. The users are high quality leads in the financial product providers will pay up for these Leads and with all the data points Credit Karma has it can offer its users the best products per their personal info credit cards margins are not known it's a private company, but this is a similar purchase to mint.com that into it made years ago right now MIT has operating margins around 44% both Credit Karma and mint have low operating expenses and as information providers, their cost of goods are predominately the cost to acquire new customers. So those costs are pretty low. So I think we can assume. Credit Karma has a similar margin profiles mint and it could even improve more under into it into his paying about 71 dollars per user and these users again are highly engaged with their financial life. These users are very profitable leads to financial product suppliers into into it into it can cross sell its mint.com platform. It's Turbo Tax software and QuickBooks Online 2 Credit Karma customers now into it customers in each successful cross L increases the lifetime value of the client by an amount into is also expanding its core products globally and credit Karma's business is very easy to expand into new markets and I can't end up. So without a little cliche but data is the new oil into it wants to own the financial data of the best financial consumers both individuals and small businesses the Credit Karma acquisition helps into it with this goal. That's it for this portfolio update episode. The next one should be about our position United Technologies. If you enjoyed this episode and you want to catch our next one and United Technologies, then please hit subscribe. And if you have a second, please leave a rating and your favorite podcast player to help others discover this podcast until next time.