This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast.In one place just on their app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly got to a hundred plus followers are a hundredth follower was our girl Aubry Graves Aubrey. She's my manager. Accounting buddy we sit next to each other. She always helps me do my homework if I need it. So shout out to Aubrey period underscore period Graves. Oh, yeah shout out big time shout out and thank you for the support. But we're going to go ahead and get started. We are going to revisit our predictions from last week. So we had three games that we predicted. We had the Bucks 76ers. I know I called bucks on that one other this. Well, you bucks. So all four of us are called Fox and look what happened. We are four four four on that one it sir the box one with a final score of 119 298. Absolutely. I really am not. Let's see Joelle and bead with Seventeen and eleven. Nice little double double. Yeah, that's pretty sweet. Khris Middleton dropped 25 for the bucks and nine rebounds. And then Ian he's just doing his thing kind of as usual. Teen 1/8 good Lord, goodness, 17:17 31 points 17 rebounds and 7 assists in 29 minutes of gameplay. My Lord, that's crazy. He's a Monster. Yeah, you know watching that game the commentators were talking about, you know, How the Bucks are blowing people out and you know people like the Clippers are been sitting people, you know, sitting players all season and the Bucks are frustrated because people are telling them to sit there guys because of all the no one's playing in the fourth quarter. No one's playing the fourth quarter. Yeah, no excuses man. The thing that stands out stands out to me about that stat line is those assists like he's always been a guy who can score he can get Some boards is huge. But if he's facilitating the ball well as the freaky already is he is going to be one of the best to ever pick up a basketball here. Sure. Seriously is those assists are making The Greek Freak? They're helping The Greek Freak help the other players become freaks as well. Exactly. Come on. Stephen. Gosh, that's amazing. You make comment a couple days before that game and someone asked him about if he had decided to work out with any guys, this is any Our NBA players is summer because he hasn't in the you know, previous off seasons and he said I don't understand how you can work out with a guy in the summer and be his best friend and then go compete against him for 82 games and that's what sets him apart my mentality. It's time to play. It's time to play you come on. Definitely now our second game that we predicted Celtics Lakers heck of a rivalry. I picked the Celtics in this one. I thought that the Celtics were going to be way too balanced in their scoring efforts to be able to like to be able to defeat the Lakers but the first half showed that the Lakers were just way too big for the Celtics literally the Celtics for and that first half was Jason Statham and everyone else was just way smaller than him. I think it was like smart Brown. Tatum theis and member Kimba wasn't Kim wasn't playing it was hey, we're out Hayward. Yeah, it was Gordon Hayward. So they were playing really small and it literally it pained me so much to watch that first half. They were getting worked Anthony Davis. He came he came out here with 13 rebounds in that game. I think most of those were probably in the first half because I was pissed. Yeah. Yeah the Bucks going in this game. It stands out to me because the self Starting five scored all of their points except 11s They had a hundred twelve points. There's only five combined for a hundred and one points their bench had 11 bench points. That's just have to get more production out of their bench if they're going to win smelly. Yeah agreed that's just unacceptable. I mean with a team that's supposed to be that deep like you should have a lot more production. Yeah from from people that are like supposed to support your starters and you can only accept the playoffs like you can play a 7/8 man rotation. Like you have to have you know production deep into everything. Well the good news for the Celtics. Is that even though they didn't have a lot of bench production in that game Kimbo was out. So that means Marcus Smart or someone in that starting lineup will be coming off the bench who is able to score really well. So once they're fully healthy and injury free than they'll have a lot more balanced bench effort and be able to come out firing with that second unit. I think a big thing for the Lakers that game is 2nd platoon came in Rondo gets to three assist with in the first four minutes and he ended up with a plus 15 grades for the game and but the way that he controlled the game while he was in with the second platoon really to me was was was the difference. Yeah. Yeah. And what freaking pisses me off is that he never liked we don't hear about Rondo anymore. No, but when he plays against my Celtics his favorite looks like vintage Rajon Rondo. No, yep. It's absolutely ridiculous makes me so mad when he wants to flip the switch. He you know, love CP3, but when Rhonda wants to flip the switch, he is the best point guard in the league. I just I know he can't shoot the ball really well, but as far as facilitating the offense and being the quarterback for the point of what a point guard is actually he's the best at that particular role. I agree and what do you remember what he did last year and the Celtics ordered your for that I forget what year it was, but he pulled up it was like the Contested jumper for the win at the buzzer and he can't really shoot his whole game is he will facilitate the ball but contested J at the buzzer to beat ya'll like yeah. How do you feel about it? That one hurt my heart so much because I was like this dude literally had one good shooting game. It was against it was in 2012 against the Miami Heat Miami against LeBron. He when he dropped 40 for that night, but he's literally has never had a good shooting game and then he comes out here and drops that contested shot for the win. Yeah that oh, Made me so mad because it was the first game. It was his first game against the Celtics. Yeah after after becoming a Laker so that just made me so mad. But yeah, so I picked the Celtics in that one. I don't know what you guys all picked in that one. I picked the Lakers drooping to Lakers. Yeah, I think the Celtic actually I'm tallying these up right now. So we're going to keep a running. Oh no of our prediction, but why we didn't think of that before? Yeah. Hey, you know, we're you know, speak a little game out of this, you know, all right, we're gonna winner winner gets to stay. Take dinner on the other three truths. This is like happening on the fly. So like when do we end this always saying the end of the season let's say we'll say the end of the regular season, right postseason. That's fine with me. Hopefully I'll get paid before the yeah gives you gonna lose boy you gonna lose. I've seen this on my pics with my bias for the Celtics. Next game. Yeah, so the next thing we had was the Lakers and Pelicans which was last night. That was that was a heck of a game. I really enjoyed watching that game. I picked the Lakers in that game the Lakers because I just thought they had too many studs too many superstars for the Pelicans to come out and win that game and Drew he picked that the Pelicans would win but then we kind of argued with him last week on our episode and we're like he kind of came to the conclusion that yeah, like maybe the Lakers away. Win, but Zion at least is going to go off. He did go off in terms of scoring he put up. 29 but I think what I'll surprise you if you just look at the box where you won't see this, but if you watch the game, he had a few of his dunks. He he run a nice little a pick-and-roll but you holiday, but he definitely was contained the most he's been contained us far he shot 44 percent from the field 8 of 18 and his points came from the free-throw line. He was 13 of 19 from the line. And I think they did a good job of finding where he kept the ball, but he would back him down. So I saw a play a couple times where Dwight Howard found the ball. He stripped him clean and I think that his Islands going against these experienced defenders in the post who if they know what he's going to do because of the film they have on him thus far so he needs to find a way to adjust in terms of scoring not just from the free-throw line because even though he's strong and he'll still get his I think that you're gonna start to see Defenders somewhat figure him out. Yeah. One of the thing I would say though, is that like even though they did contain him like for how he is. He still was absolutely like amazing. Like if you look back at the highlights like He just like he brings a whole nother energy to the game that and is so unique and his playstyle. I mean earlier today. I was watching an interview with Stephen A Max Kellerman and they were talking about this matchup between Zion and LeBron and I they were talking about how you know, LeBron absolutely went off in this game. But Steven A was talking about how it almost is like Zion is drawing this out of LeBron. Because you see LeBron going against like he was he basically was talking about like Kauai like quiet will clamp up LeBron and it's he's proven that he can it's be and it's because the LeBron doesn't have the same energy and like he just doesn't show out like he did last night. And so I think it's crazy that like zhan is kind of bringing this up because I think LeBron sees a little bit of himself his young career like his rookie years because they're talking about how like no one has like as much like excitement the last person that did this before Zion was LeBron you like to come in and just blow everybody's expectations out of the water out of the gate like no one really has done that since LeBron and now zahn's doing that and so I think everybody's like starting to take notice that this kid is only 19 years old. I mean, he's younger than all of us here at this table and it's just absolutely great. It's cooked like doing all these things and it's like he's energy to this. And he's such a unique player. I think it's crazy. I think you had I really liked your comment about him bringing like a new energy out of the game the cool thing that me and my roommate Nathan Paris Shadow my boy. We were watching this game together last night and he was like dude every time Zion goes up for anything the Lakers crowd. You can hear them. They want to see this man go all yeah, and that's that's it with literally every single crowd that he goes to what I liked. Most about last night is he came out of the gate and and you know, if a d or LeBron or javel got switched off on him to go he was attacking the rim and he heck. Oh, yeah, he had four early turnovers because of that. Yeah, but that didn't that didn't let it stop him. You know, he kept attacking and that's honestly that mentality kept the Pelicans moving. I think I agree. I did want to see him pull up a little bit more because I they were playing they were sagging off on him a lot if he was even in like at the elbow like even his Range shots that he could have shot they were sagging off on him a lot. And I think that he missed a lot of opportunities and some of those turnovers that he had were a result of them sagging off and him still going to drive it the exact kind of scored. I mean, I know he's not the best shooter, but I've seen him make exactly threes and we've seen him make some mid-range shots if you had enough space and enough time. He would pull up from three at Duke a lot last year and he wasn't afraid to shoot the three but I feel like he shot. So well the first night and then he didn't hit a three until this past Sunday. So I think it kind of gotten his head in terms of he couldn't hit threes after that first game. So I think he's needs to be confident shooting the basketball because he can hit a shot. He's proven to be capable of hitting that shot and Once he starts hitting these things consistently as he's done. It makes his game so much better because the defender has to respect the three ball. I think that right now I think he's not scared but I think he's more like trying to prove himself the fact that he can attack the rim, but I think if once he gets like comfortable and real into the I think he's going to start shooting at there because he's proven that he can and I mean, he's not the greatest three-point shooter, but he is solid. Yeah, and we were talking about this right before. I hit record, but I think personally with the way he's been playing consistently if he had come in healthy the beginning of the season. I think he could have been in the MVP conversation like hot cake, but boy, that's how I take a drill. But like I mean, he's the entire season he's had let's see. He's only had two games below 20 points. Yeah, two games below 20 points. If you don't count the rising star game, like that's absolutely insane. And I guess now the question is Out of this. Do you think with how late signs coming in and how like hot? It seems the Pelicans are kind of getting even though they've had a couple losses in the last couple games. Do you think they can overtake and take the 8th seed? What do you think? Yeah II definitely think they're going to I just think that they're like literally what you're saying. I was looking at their whole entire schedule and at the beginning of the season on the report that I was looking at. It was elal consecutive Elle's after one after another. It was just a bunch of red Ells and then you see Zion start getting into the mix a little bit more and you're seeing those elves a lot less frequently. And so they like to your point. They are on fire right now and Memphis doesn't Memphis have like the toughest remain Schedule. Yes, they do. Yeah, so like they're going to have a really hard time keeping up that are either getting a nail as we speak right now. Yeah, so I mean that just moves, you know, the pels one getting closer and they're not that far behind their three wins away from being caught up. I'll tell you what, I think the Pelicans are playing really well right now, but I but I tell you that. Portland's coming yeah, that's was about to say the same in between them. And Memphis is what we need to watch out for. Yeah, Portland is coming there without their best play right now because he's hurt but once he comes back in the way damn has been playing I think that they won't go down without a fight so like that people keep saying, oh it's going to be between the pels and The Grizzlies. Well, Damien is gonna have something to say about that. I really do believe so so in my opinion, I don't think the Pelicans. Or the Grizzlies will get the AC. I think it'll be Portland and I think that Portland will give the Lakers series in the first round. That's my prediction. See I think no matter who you put it the eighth seed. It's going to be a heck. I think it's going to be one of the best first to eighth seed matchups. We see in a long time and I think I agree with you with Portland because when it comes to playoff race has Portland has always been just dogs like they are in the hunt for it because they have consistently been able to now they've never really done well in the playoffs. And you know sits for a long time, but they're consistently making it to the playoffs and I think with now adding mellow and how way how he's been like making it into their system. He's playing. Well, he's really playing well for how old he is and how like in the last couple of years he kind of had fallen off a little bit and no one really wanted him but he stepped into this Portland system and I personally didn't understand fully how he's going to fit in because Damon CJ are both like scores, but Melo has Complimented them a lot better than I thought that it and then, you know having leichner Kitsch and all that down low is really helping them. So I think there are solid team. Yeah, I definitely agree on you agree with you on that. Um, it'll either be the Pelicans or the Blazers. I don't think that the Grizzlies are going to have that eighth spot don't either and I think that if the Pelicans can overtake that eighth spot Zion and if he keeps playing like this, I think has a legitimate shot at rookie of the year. Look. I mean if you look at his numbers 23 and three or twenty three point three points a game seven point one rebounds a game to play. Three assists per game John Moran. He's averaging 17 points 6 points per game now granted. He has played more games. So he has had more of an opportunity to have an off game. But Zion is consistently getting these high numbers against teams like the Lakers. I think that he has a legitimate shot at getting Rookie of the Year. And I really think that he will agreed and here's the reason I think that Memphis is going to fall to you know out of that, you know to the 10th seed or whatever that you know, Twitter irrelevant is because they have No veterans whatsoever. Like their their veteran is Justice Winslow, you know what I mean? And for the pails, you know, you've got JJ reading who has never missed the playoffs. Yeah, which you know, JJ Redick is not this fantastic score this great leader, but still that presence there. There's an expectation in the locker room to an extent. Did we reserve the room? No, because the campus guys walked back and forth like three times. I don't think it's going to be an issue. I don't think it's I can I can chop back in. Okay, but also sorry for how much you're going to have to chop of me. That's why I don't know why I'm so scared. It's literally fine or I just leave this all in and they hear everything. I'm going to chop it up but speak to him about it or I mean he walked back and forth a couple times. I think he left. Yeah. I think you left. It'll be fine. We're good. Hey, okay, so I said the Vets I said the Pelicans have You're ready. But also you remember at the beginning of the Season JJ Redick is he designed a side and he said you better not heck this up for me. So hopefully have getting hurt. Yeah, I mean, yeah, but hopefully they'll be one it bad enough and they'll get it out of all the teams that I think would give the Lakers the most heck. I think it would be the Pelicans. Like I just don't I think the Portland's good. They just don't have anybody really to stop LeBron and AD job. I mean John Moran and The Grizzlies are the same way and just having the kind of Firepower the young Firepower mixed with the veterans at the Pelicans have like I think Zion could easily lock up like 80 and look like either or but I'll tell you what Portland has been playing really well because of song Whiteside who they signed for traded for this past offseason. He As a big bit of guy who really didn't play too. Well with the heat he played I had a few good Seasons, but he fell off and this season. He has just jump start his career again. He's having he's put have like 15 and 14. It's insane type of stat. So the way he's playing I do think that he can defend the post players for the Lakers or if he's gonna Force LeBron to shoot instead of dropping him because the way he's he's playing Anna Devane the rim is but he's been playing really really well. Yeah, I agree with you on that. Like it would be an easier matchup down low because like as we can see Anthony Davis last night against the Pelicans had a Heyday and he was kind of just doing whatever he wanted and it was kind of it was the same way against the Celtics to so like if you don't have the right match up then it's going to be an issue. So at this moment, we had a campus security officer actually walk in as he was trying to shut down the building lock it up and this is what happened. Hey, yes, we can we can check this out. Last we last week we were able to preserve it and we just forgot this week to do it and they were fine with it. When we record at the same time same day of the week last week. Yeah. Yeah. No, you're good. Yeah. I don't know if it makes any difference. I was given access to Pango Hall. So I have access into that after hours. Do you have any NBA hot takes? Yeah, are you gonna be a fan? Okay is your team? the ranks with the heat Grant Williams We've already trashed him so many times podcast. He needs to get that shot. Yeah, I think you still leave for specially is an elite player as he is, but He needs to do it. They just got blew out by the Cavaliers. Yeah. Not a big fan of fit the profile. So I mean, I know they wanted to get someone that was like a step up but the Josh Richardson is definitely I think he is the only player I don't think I think it's very under he does he does get a lot of appreciation. Yeah from from the mainstream media, so LeBron I'm not prefer been too big. I mean LeBrons cool, I mean, but I mean there's the LeBron Michael Jordan sort of thing. And you know, I just I'm more I grew up I was I was a kid when Jerry when Jordan was a player and I knew whole tongue thing. I wish I knew. Oh, yeah, of course. Yeah. He was cool. But what really did it for me? If years ago with Dikembe Mutombo was when they had some kind of emergency in France and he helped people, you know, and I actually met a guy who works for the Hawks now, and he said the can tumble is still really involved with also relation. Wow. Y'all heard it here first from our Lee University campus security officer Broadhead. Thank you for your hot takes. I really appreciate it. To show how long are you guys going to be in here? How long have you been recording for? Probably another I'd say 30 minutes will be we have to finish up and tear down. So that'll be out of here. Oh, yeah. No Force way before midnight. We'll make sure we get that done. 11 so you'll need to generally be through 11. We don't go through this building. So, but I decided to go through it tonight. So okay, cool. Thank you. So, thank you so much. Now given that previous circumstance. I think that would be a great transition point we're going to look into some college basketball now, so we're just going to kind of do an update from the weekend. Look at if the season ended today. This is who would be seated where so our number one seed projections. If the season ended right now, we have Kansas Baylor Gonzaga and Dayton. Which Dayton hasn't even been like they haven't been in the conversation in past years. So they honestly they emerged out of nowhere this year with toppin going off. He's getting cold draft boards to he's a monster II watched a game at the beginning of the season. I think he had ten to twelve dunks in that game and like half of them were windmills. Yeah really sick. He's an absolute beast in a monster. He's got bounced for sure. Yeah, and I know a lot of NBA Scouts really love him. So they're going to be a really big team even though they're projected be a number one seed and they're really good this year. Like that's a team to keep an eye out for in this March Madness and obviously Kansas is just playing such good basketball right now. Yep as a buki. I mean, it's not you can't even speak. So he's just a big man. Like he's a big man at its finest but shut up Tyler Hughes. Yeah our boy our number two seeds which as a Duke fan. I know that's probably going to change because we're not looking. Great right. Now you look terrible. Yeah with that loss to Wake Forest last night in double overtime II there's just no way we can't drop a game like that. But the projected number two Caesar San Diego State who just lost their first game of the season to UNLV. They lost by three. So that also came out of nowhere this season is honestly just been absolutely insane. Right and if the bad thing about San Diego State is when a non power 5 team gets beat by team that they Should be their stock drops tremendously. Yeah, you see it in college sports no matter what the sport is. So I believe that they are competitive enough to be a 1-2-3 seed but we'll see what what the experts think about it something that you need to see with them. Also is that the majority of their games have come versus quadrant three and four teams. So you look at them and Gonzaga they play in worst conversations within the power 5, so San Diego State's lost came in quadrant four. It was a it was a quadrant four loss. Right and these tourney that the people who picked attorneys fees are going to look at that because like great like you started a season 25 and oh great. That's great for you haven't lost the game. But when you're lost comes to a team you should have beat to a quadrant four team. It's hard to gain respect from not only the committee but the fans watching because I agree if your Being bad teams. You should beat your bad teams. And when you lose to a quadrant 14 that hurts you a lot. It does suck for them because I hear a lot of people talking about Not only would they have the pressure of an NCAA March Madness game on their shoulders, but they would also have more of a pressure at keeping their undefeated season alive. So like each game, it just gets harder and harder because every team that comes in even if they suck they're gonna be like, let's be that at one team to hand them their first loss. This may have been a good loss. Yeah. This place is actually what they needed my favorite my favorite saying in the basketball world and I say it a lot Drew knows this you either win or you learn so hopefully hopefully they're going to learn from this loss and they won't take it to heart as like man. Maybe we're not as good as we actually were and we didn't win 25 games just like out of coincidence. Hopefully, they'll learn from it and they'll bounce back and really be that strong to see that everyone's projecting them to be. Yep. Well, hope Dukes learning from their losses. Well, we thought we thought they learned against Louisville and Clemson and then bounced back had some good games. And then that's the thing your point of your either win or you're learning. They're losing. Yeah, they learn and they lost those two games back to back and then they won seven in a row and they were very clutching those games and then they've lost two of their last three. I just think this team has already done so much that they they weren't expected to do before the season like these past two years before Duke they have they've had really great teams that teams were expected to win it all and they lost in the elite eight the past two years and this year. This team has not been expected to be this good. So they're already over achieving but it's still it's the lose a bad taste in your mouth when you're losing to really bad teams. Like listen losing to Wake Forest is a bad loss. They always play poorly against NC State at NC State. So that was kind of expected even though they got beat down pretty bad. But Wake Forest any season is a really bad loss. So they just have to learn from it. And I think they will because they have the best coach in sports. Yes, sir. So I fully expect due to come out strong and I think that they're still going to win that. ACC tourney because I think the best team that in that League still in my opinion. Yeah, Coach K. We love you are at least Drew and I do I'm sorry. I'm just saying right now. I'm not I'm really trying to get into this college basketball thing. Yeah, so that's probably why I have just have not saying said anything. I'm going to definitely watch be watching March Madness and I'm going to make a bracket and everything. I won't know what the heck I'm talking about. You got to be well-rounded. It's a lot of fun. Since you're trying to just start out on the college basketball grind that means that means you need a team and me and Drew over. Here we go. Yeah the best coach in sports. You know what I'm saying? Oh, that's a that's a hot tank or five national championships. I mean, I won't I will say I really can respect the fact that Duke is a smacking here thing in college basketball. I mean obviously like I'm an Alabama college basketball fan just because that's where I'm from, you know loyal to the the U of A. Okay, but They're terrible. They're always a next floor out always a 1 or 2 seed in the NIT. They always get beat first round. But and you know people can say well just pick another team pick duke-north Carolina, Kentucky, whoever and like as hard as I've tried like I just can't but the main thing about college basketball if you're just getting into college basketball find coaches and follow them. Yeah as opposed to how the NBA has, you know, a lot of fans they find the players they like and they follow the play. Layers college basketball find those coaches, you know your Coach K Roy Williams Calipari guy Auburn. What's his name used to be dispersed from that that man I don't care how much he sweats come on anybody to play for him. Yeah, especially with this this time to college basketball where players are there for a year and they leave you can't really be a fan of player. So and I fully endorse that and what you just said because I mean, there's some schools who have their four-year players who aren't as good as the one one your players. But yeah in my opinion if you're going to follow a coach I think because case had so much success because he has adjusted the time. So it's he's been coaching at Duke since liked 74 some certain certain year-end. He he won it all back and then he went but when it all back to back in the 90s when it on One and then he's won at all twice in the wanted dunera so for a coach to adjust to those back and they when they had four year players and not to win on era. I think he's done a great job, which is why I think that he's the best coach in sports because he's had to adjust to the times in his huge career at Duke and I think that's that's definitely what's really special about college basketball and like what you were saying Austin finding your coaches because the coaches are really the people who are making the most impact in those games because these guys They're coming together for one year. They're not going to be together for the whole time. So it really does come down to the ability of that coach to Rally their team to try and help them get as much chemistry as possible early on and to be able to run plays and get them to work for them. Tommy is so how do I forget Tom Izzo? Yeah, dude, ah gah they have it down year this year. But I mean every well, he's alive but Tommy's those Tom is a God that's something I've always respected about college hoops. Is that like you aren't Guaranteed anybody for any amount of time really because it's like everybody's always cycling through whether it be one year or four years or whatever. Yeah, it's just always and it's like you're right about the coaches like you have to just make do with what you got while you got it. And then yeah when the time comes for a new whole group to come in being able to adapt and move on the fly. So I think to close out like we did last week shifting back to professional to look at some Actions for this coming week some of the big games. So first off, we got Nuggets and Clippers any comments on that game. What do y'all think? I think it depends if Kauai plays. I really don't know when this dude plays and when he doesn't know there's like so if Co-op plays and if their team's healthy is going to be the Clippers, I mean there I think they did the second best team in the league when healthy and that that's a hot take probably but I think the books are the first best team obviously because they're playing out of their minds. I think the Clippers at best it. Is it the second best team in the league in the best team in the west. So I think the way they're playing In the way, they play is similar to the Nuggets but it's just a step above so I will take Los Angeles by 15 in that game. I think one thing we've seen about the Clippers. I think I said this last week. It's like when they when do they decide to turn the switch on because I think they have fully capable. Yeah, but they're on cruise control. I'm but I am going to pick the Clippers just because I think like the nuggets have just been so solid in the last few years. And yo catch is just an absolute monster, but I'm just like it's Kauai man. Like you can't go wrong with Kawhi. Yeah. Yeah. So we're doing this tally now and you guys both picked the Clippers, so just to spite you both. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, come on because if the Nuggets pull this out, I'm gonna look like a genius honest guys are gonna be one step closer to owning me some Ruth's Chris. So I'm gonna go with the Nuggets I think. Yo Kids Joe kids yeah, okay. It really don't matter if that's probably wrong either way. I don't know how I've never really know how to say that but yo Kitsch I think having someone who can facilitate the offense at such a weird spot him being the big guy is so dangerous for so many teams because it's so hard especially in scouting reports to plan for that because he's one of the only guys who really does that at the level that he does and I've never seen Seen someone who passes at the level he does for his size. It's insane. But he's also like fat Jew so that's always interesting. He's like such an interesting guy because he's like just not what you would expect physique wise out of it NBA player. Yeah, and I'm like, how does he play 48 ever? Like how does he get there again? Yeah, but you know, I'm gonna take the nuggets on this one. Hopefully you guys want me some steak. I I'm going to go do some stuff because I do like the Nuggets a lot. In this matchup, I think the Nuggets match up well against a lot of teams just because of how fundamentally sound they are and how they use their strengths but it's in LA and the Nuggets Trend the last two seasons have been home games. You're not going to beat us but on the road we can slip a little and so I think it's going to be really tight. But I do think the Clippers are going to come after Stephen. All right you alone on this one boy. Y'all better be good. Your paychecks. All right. So next up. We got the number one seed the Lakers matching up against the potential 8 seed current sitting 8 seed Memphis Grizzlies. Um, it's easy for me. I'm just going to go ahead and say it. I had the Lakers like we're talking about earlier. They just don't have what it takes. I think to stop LeBron and AD and you just have those two the best NBA basketball players like In the league right now. You just can't do anything about it. I agree with you. I think there's a lot of matchup problems there, especially with such a young core of the Grizzlies. I do think it'll be an interesting game because of the pace that the Grizzlies play at with all these young guys specially like John Morant. He's a run-and-gun kind of guy and Brandon Clark being a big man who can really stretch the floor and run as well. I think that may cause some issues for the Lakers but I do think that they are going to pull it out. Oh say that I agree that it'll be too much for the goose easy to handle but I will say that that I think that Jaws going to show out. I think he he lives for these type of games. He's had a big games against a big-time opponent. I think he had a huge game. But like like ya'll said, it's just too much Firepower true. I see what you're doing here every episode you have you have a pic where it's like you've picked the obvious team, but you have a player on the losing team who you say is going to show out and then they do so you can't you as a person. I see what you're doing. It's really smart. But I am seeing right through someone. Who do you got? Um, well, you know, I'm kind of going to start with jaw will play. Well. It's in Memphis this games in Memphis, but if you look at their game from last week take out the third quarter the Lakers win this game by 25 and any veteran team if The Grizzlies have a good third quarter again. They've got problems in the locker room at halftime because that shouldn't happen coming out to half. Yep. They were up big going into the house and they let that third quarter slip a little bit but eventually pulled it out to a 12-point win, but you take that third quarter away a 25-point victory. I think they're going to win big. Although jaw will show off. Yeah a little bit sweet next. We got the Celtics we talked about playing small ball before Or and this kind of weird kind of experimental team the Houston Rockets. Yeah who have decided to completely go all in on this small ball kind of thing. And I think if this is the type of game we're going to see I think the Rockets are going to pull it out just because they've almost like, you know in the last couple weeks. I've like trademarked this is there type of play. Yeah, and you can't really like, I mean, they're just somehow Just it's the they're playing Five out and it works so well for their kind of system. So I'm going I'm going with the Rockets people may hate me. I'm a I love James Harden. I think he's amazing, but you so I think that if there's any team in the league that matches up well with that small ball of the Rockets is the Celtics. I think they have so many athletes who were also shot creators who can create their own shot. And I think a Kimba plays if he's helped him to play. I don't know if he is but if he plays I think that something could win this one big. I just think that the way Jason Taylor is playing right now is ridiculous, but I will say that the Rockets won big not against the Grizzlies are to 1 by 30 basically 240 points tonight. That's crazy. So if they get hot and to continue that this hot streak off this game they could win but I think I'm going to say that this it's gonna be Celtics big in this one because Jason Tatum's now gotten sort of starting to inch his way into MVP conversation, which I don't necessarily agree with but I think it's a valid point. Yeah. Yeah, I agree that the Celtics are one of them like main teams that can really match up. Well with the Rockets, I think it's going to depend on who Marcus Smart is guarding and who's feeling good that night for the Rockets because if Marcus Smart is guarding Russell Westbrook. Think he could potentially lock him down. He's either going to guard Russ or hardened. Yeah, for sure. I I don't know how that's going to look in terms of who else would be guarding the other guy because she's so you pick one and you lose the other. Well Jalen Brown can play hard and will for a period of time. Yes, I will say that. Yeah, I think like you just have to pick your poison with this team because someone's going to have a really good game whether it be or us whether it be hardened, but I do I think that Jason Tatum no matter what is going to have at least 30 for sure. So I think that the Celtics are going to pull it out just because I think that their defensive efforts are going to be really pesky on the rockets and maybe give them some issues and Jason Tatum and just the balanced scoring effort. Like we've been seeing is good. I think smart is going to be put on Harden and we're going to see brown on rest just because the Browns a little bit more physical and rust is a much more physical player. Yes and and smart. Much better at guarding a shooter and we don't really see rust shoot that much. Thank God the point gosh Austin who you got? Um, I'm going with the Celtics. Mostly because I'm biased against Harden and Russ. I just cannot just just something in me. What is this? They really I guess it's just because the way that I used to play is nothing compared to how they play. Yeah, I had to play without the ball. Yeah to get open and they play solely with the ball. And so that's just it's just hard for me to wrap around in my mind how they play ball. I can wrap my mind around how the Celtics play ball. I know what to expect. Yeah, you know so just completely out of being biased core where the Celtics I mean. I'm so I'm by myself again. We can be by that's okay. Yeah. No one says we can't know, you know gonna tell us how to do our podcast. Yeah and subscribe. I'm Katie. We love all of you. And and finally, we have the 76ers versus the Clippers so that we have we have two games with the Clippers and I think I've gotta get I'm going with the Clippers on this one just because I just think that the 76ers are proving that they like I think I said this again last week like they just have had so many shifts over the last couple years. They just are such an antenna state of unease they cannot find consistency. And I mean you have a night where Joel He goes off for 40 points. I think it was last night two nights ago. But then you also have nights where he just doesn't produce well, and I think you have to find some form of consistency in your stars before you can really start playing. Well, especially against a team like the 70s Clippers and they got to be my Cleveland tonight blown out by Cleveland Sam. I have nothing to add to what you just said and I completely and wholeheartedly agree so I take the Clippers Judy. Who do you got I'm gonna go against y'all on this one, even though I do not like the Sixers there with their my least favorite team in the league, but I do think that I have to respect Joellen beats game and although they've been playing poorly and to now is a really bad loss. I think that when he's on he's a top-five player in the league - a lot take but I'm not agree with you there for a guy who drop in for tea. 40 + + 15 like he's cold. So I do think that especially with I don't know what post players are going to guard him. I mean, they could put calacas Kauai is hard. No see strong think Quantum, but I do think that he's gonna get his and I take the Sixers by 5. And this one. Well, this has been an interesting Year Austin you have something to say I just haven't picked yet, homie. Oh, yeah. I thought you would pick. Sorry. Go ahead. Skating I thought you said Clippers. Sorry. No, come on, Sam. Come on. Now if this game was in Philly, I take the 76ers because this could be a game after a loss to Cleveland a couple of bad games here and there that this could be a statement win if they wanted to flip the switch, but it's in La I think it will be close but I am going to go with the Clippers. All right. Yeah, it's hard to play in Staples Center is really hard to play more. Alone on this one and there's been a couple of those but I think this is going to be a good week of basketball. We have a ton of games lined up and looking forward to seeing what's coming up as our about a you competitive. Oh, yeah Thunder up. So yeah. This has been an interesting week. Nonetheless. Shout out to campus security for we love keeping our campus safe as well as giving some hot takes here and there make sure now that we're all good to go. We've had a first episode up. It should be on whatever streaming platform you need to listen to give us a five-star on iTunes. If you feel like it that just got his duty. Anyway, I don't care if you don't feel like you just do it. Yeah, just to let her know we we absolutely so appreciated all the Love on the first episode. Oh, yes. If you do have a hot take DMS on Twitter or Instagram or Twitter is Brick bucket pod corrector and then our Instagram is bricks and buckets pod and Yeah, so just DMS there or email us at bricks and buckets POD at gmail.com. Thank you all for listening and we'll catch you on the next one. See y'all. skirt