What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of myPrograms and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're also going to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend. A huge group ride my biggest road ride ever and then some kind of inspiring motivational random stuff. I'm going to share with you and then we'll finish the episode with a business update. You know, I figure it by that point, you're probably pretty invested in the company in the biz, and you want to know what's going on behind the scenes and you boys got some big announcements. So stay tuned. And also I got to ask if you're enjoying the podcast, please leave me a five star review and a comment on the Apple podcast app. We're almost up to like 60 reviews so far. So I'm stoked. Let's try and hit a hundred that would be incredible. If you have not yet done it. Please take a couple minutes. You don't have to overthink the comment but it helps a ton with the growth. You could also screenshot the episode that you're listening to on your phone post it to your Instagram story tag at dialed health. I will repost it and I will love you forever. You can send it to a friend. You can send it to your grandma. Does she ride? Does she strength train? She could be the perfect candidate for this podcast. So keep that in mind. Thank you so much for spreading the Love Without further Ado. Let's just jump. upright in It's time for keeping up with the teals This Is The Life update in the first thing I want to talk about is the group ride that went down in Auburn this weekend. So Auburn California Northern California, it's in the Foothills. And this is where the valley folk go and ride. It's actually I think the most underrated place and I grew up riding there. So I've spent a ton of time. I have had my moments where I'm burnt out, but this just such an awesome area to go and ride a variety of trails. It's super accessible you can get good. Jason I've actually done an 11,000 foot day out there. I am not making that up but you can just lap so many different types of trails and it's just an easy place to get a crew together. So I partnered up with MTB NorCal which is a local group. That's just been already organizing these group rides and I used basically my network. They use their Network. We have this date scheduled like a month in advance and really the last week. I started promoting it. They've been talking about it for longer and we ended up having a group of Three people we left on time and it went about as smooth as a group ride could go we had a blast it the group actually moved quicker than I expected because we had a no drop policy to the first downhill and from there. Everyone would have an option to like take a trail back to their car. So basically the ride got faster as it went on if you needed a dip out or you weren't able to keep up or whatever you can you could leave after that, but I was amazed. I mean at the end of this 14 mile ride that had almost 3,000 feet of climbing. We had the majority of the crew still at the end and it was rad because we all basically went down the most technical Trail the days Trail called Rocky and obviously it's pretty well suited name because the trails just a bunch of loose moving rock everywhere the lines almost different every time you go through and yeah, we finished with that. We were watching each other go down and it was just fun and so shout out to everybody that made it out. It's going to be a monthly thing that I do as dialed Health most likely it'll be partnered with another group like like MTB NorCal or Roseville Cyclery and I have my ideas of who else I'd like to bring out to just kind of pump it up, but I met some really cool people and it just made me realize how strong the community is because you know, you see like at least in the area I'm in we have these huge cross country races. We have huge Road group rides, but we don't have these actually solid like Enduro style rides or just quality trail rides, and I think there's a huge need for it because people Stoked the vibe was really good. I mean, I think we're all looking around and it almost felt like you're at an Enduro race because that's the only other time I've had these huge rides where you look around and there's all these like get like-minded mountain bikers and we were just stoked so more to come in the future huge. Shout out to everyone that came out and yeah, we'll just be doing it monthly and I'm excited for what it will do for DOT health. Honestly, like I hate to have even an agenda behind it, but I think As Donald hope grows online doing these things locally with my real Community the people I'm involved with day-to-day. It's important for the brand to feel real and when you can go out there and I totally blew it like not bringing stickers or anything, but when you can start getting the logo out more and getting more people tagging you online and it's just like it's real people a part of Dodd health and it's not just me constantly. So I love that about it and that's why I'm so kind of you know freaking About it. So then the next day so funny thing actually that night my wife Liz shit. My son Otto went to San Francisco. She was hanging with her sister and her mom and they're having this just great like, you know cousins getting together girl time, whatever and so I was just kind of chilling by myself, which was nice. I pretty much got a huge rotisserie chicken and watched a random comedy special on Netflix and some cooking shows drink a bunch of wine and went to bed the next morning. I got up early and did the biggest road ride of my life actually to date so stats for you and I'm gonna warn you I'd still been a few years or excuse me. I've only been Road riding a few years and not you know, it's still been like a I guess it's not been the priority over mountain biking. Okay, so that's my disclaimer. But the ride was 85 miles. It was 6,500 feet of climbing and the route was just badass because it went in around an entire Lake that we have here in Folsom and it's just wild on the Good bike where you're going through, you know, seven different cities or towns or like you're just like the temperature within this ride because I was going up and down in elevation and you know, you're covering so much ground that at one point the temperature drop like almost 20 degrees and almost started hailing and then I came back out of it and warmed up significantly and it was just it's just so wild pig ground you can cover so when on this road ride went solo, I really felt like I needed it. To clear my head. It was a busy week leading up to the group ride. Obviously, the group ride was incredible, but there's just lots of stuff going on and I felt responsible for everyone to have a good time, you know, so it was a relief and I just want to go on this ride in like clear my head. So for one, I'm going to say the trainerroad base rides. I've been doing helped a ton. Usually I get this like a key leg feeling on the road bike after about 50 miles and it's not like I'm out of energy Or I don't have any power left. It's just like this ache, you know, maybe maybe you do maybe you don't but I've never built a proper base and the wildest thing about yesterday was I never got that egg. There were points where I really was Zapped of power or a started bonking or whatever, but the ache never came on and my new roubaix is unbelievable. The bike fit I did was so worth while and I just felt like I could sit in the saddle forever. It was it was rare. I got uncomfortable. There's a few. Moments, I had to kind of adjust but I was just really stoked on seeing that you know, not those 90 minute just like 60 to 85 percent FTP spin sessions paying off because they obviously did and also, you know, I kind of went out like I said to clear my head and I was just really open to listen, you know, I like I honestly wanted to go out because I have genuinely been a little stressed lately and there's a few things. I feel like that God honestly. Spoke to me very clearly and it was funny because all right. I almost felt like I was just clearing my head like the whole time and after 6 hours or whatever. It was on the bike five hours on the bike. I within the last 10 minutes. I felt like really clearly God was just like tell me something. So the first thing I heard and I have a couple notes. I want to make so number one. I just was reminded about how integrated I'm getting. with the community and everyone kind of knows each other and even if I have an issue with somebody they're probably friends with one of my friends and even if my friend has an issue with someone they're probably someone that I know either work with or are friends with and so like I just have noticed lately like these people are crossing crossing pads more and you know, I'm not some I'm not like a gossipy person honestly, but I You find myself at times saying negative things about people to people who are friends with that person. If that makes sense, even though they know like I'm not trying to just talk a bunch of crap or whatever because I'm really not that way. I mean, I know some psychos and and it's really not my intention to like emphasize something negative and someone else but we know it just happens man. It's like it's hard to not get in that Tino just conversation. Sometimes especially when you're with someone. Who's trusted? Like I'll just say like a lot of my clients are super trusted and we talked about a lot of stuff. So I just don't want to even let that get go too far. Like I want people to know that I'm a vault, you know, and like if you say don't tell your wife this I won't you know, I mean like there's but then again it's like at the end of the day the people who get all my crap and who are going to hear everything unless you really clearly asked me not to it's going to be my wife. It's going to be maybe even my parents and that's it. I just don't want any negative, you know talk going around because it doesn't it just doesn't do any good. It doesn't solve any problem and it doesn't even make yourself feel better. And if it gets that person only causes problems. So it was just a really good reminder to just not speak negativity about people because everyone just so freaking connected it's crazy and it's again, it's not as like fear. It's not like I'm worried. Someone's going to hear but like I just I just don't see any positive situation coming from it. The next thing I heard was in this was actually a fact I heard on a podcast I turned on right when I got back from my ride, but this was really interesting. Now, this was from the for Sigma attic founder tarot. His name's Terra out for somatic is really popular in the health and fitness industry. They make like these awesome mushroom teas and they just have all these improve the products and I think they Cosmetic stuff. They're huge. I don't use any of this stuff yet, but I'm probably going to look into it because the founders super interesting and he just brought up the fact that Millennials are actually going to live shorter than their previous generation Gen-X and it's really counterintuitive because you're like, oh my gosh, you know, we're eating organic more frequently. We are going to Pilates. We have a green juice. We meditate we take ice baths. We're doing all these things to make our health better. But we just stress so much about it. I mean will stress about doing these things that are supposed to make us less stress, you know, like, oh I didn't, you know do this recovery. I didn't eat this food. I didn't do that. Whereas the previous generation don't get me wrong. I know everybody's got their stresses, but you know, they weren't worried about having a morning routine. They weren't worried where this piece of food came from. They weren't worried, you know, if they're like, I don't know maybe a little overweight or something. I don't know. You know, you get what? Going at everyone has their personal stresses. I would never discredit real life stress, but I'll be honest. Sometimes I talk to even my parents or my parents actually fall in this category. They're super young and even my I have a step-grandma. I never call her my step-grandma, but for the sake just so you know, she's super young. I'll bring up certain things in and you could tell that those thoughts never cross them. They're like, why would you worry about that or oh I wasn't, you know planning a about this or I don't know. It's just that when you said that it rang a bell to me and I don't know if you feel the same way, but I just thought it was interesting and the reality that stress is so negative for our health because talk to your client about this this morning and they had to study and it just said it's sleep hydration and stress level. I think those are like the three most cancer-fighting things you can do again. It's not that we're gonna juice you had it's not that weird cleanse you went on it's not the workouts not any of it. It's Complete Basics so that hit home for me a ton because like I said, I just feel like I've been just it's not that I'm I'm not a stressed-out guy really not but I've realized that stress for me. I use it as fuel to be productive and to get a lot of work stuff done and I like allow it to happen because I think I'm afraid if I'm not a little stressed that I won't be as productive as I like to be and I've gotten really good results from this the last couple years, but I also understand that it's just not I'm not saying it's not sustainable. It's just not enjoyable when I believe it's a real Choice. I'm making like I stressful stuff comes up is stressful stressful stuff comes up. I'm a business owner this a lot of stuff. I'm like trying to do but also a lot of it is within my control and so it was just kind of a, you know, it's interesting. Name, I'll talk about my faith on here telling I always do really I should know that I don't need to stress because God's got my back and literally I have so little control over my actual life. That's the truth. However, I've noticed that sometimes it takes just this pure surface level logic to really convince me and it you know, I wish that wasn't the case but there's been other areas where I'm like to just logistically this doesn't even make sense. Like I'm not gonna do this thing. Oh and it does help my relationship with God or like whatever the rest of my life better. So this this study really hit home for me man. So my goal in this next week is to maintain my productivity without being a stressed and I don't know how that's gonna go today so far. I feel good. In fact, it's part of the decision of why this podcast was a little bit late. It's a coming up in the afternoon opposed to the morning and I gotta give you a disclaimer by the way last week. I just It's I was like I'm getting that podcast done midweek so that you have it bright and early Monday morning and I'm not doing on the weekend and interfering with Family Life did not do that this weekend, you know, so maybe next week. But anyways, you guys that's pretty much the Big Life Update a little longer than normal. But group ride was sick. My road ride went really well. Oh I have to I have to say by the way on the road ride besides just getting that like Clarity which felt really good for me. I wanted to finish My ride with a bunch of doughnuts, which I did. However what I learned was that by the end of a ride like that. If you haven't stopped for a solid meal you're due for it. So I was really ready for I needed like a turkey sandwich. I need a Chipotle like I needed a real meal. But instead I went straight to these Donuts because in my head that would be so cool to just crush this ride and earn all these Donuts. So I go and I get like six Krispy Kreme Donuts they were You were honestly really good. They were really good. It's predictable actually tried to go to a different donut shop that I've heard a lot about and they were freaking closed. I went like five miles out of my way for this donut shop. If you look at my Strava, there's a big loop and you'll see one little bar that gives up and back and that was me trying to get these doughnuts and when I put my hand on the door and Pull and it was locked, it was just the most depressing feeling. So anyways, I ate the doughnuts and the first two honestly amazing and I felt better genuinely. You can imagine after a ride like that. You just you needed it. Right but then I just I started feeling like my stomach was just empty and I just needed that quality food, which I didn't have and the more Donuts. I didn't feel that bad. But like by the time I had gotten home I had another few miles left. I just was so ready for a solid meal. So next time I'm going to flip it. I'm going to go from a huge ride to a solid meal and I'm sure I'll burn through that meal just metabolically quickly and then I'll follow it. Up with some kind of like treat that's that sounds pretty good to me. So that's what I learned and I'm stoked about it. Hopefully I can stop you from a nice pit in your stomach with all that sugar and fat. So let's get in the actual episode. Thanks for listening. This is all about circuit workouts. We're not bulk of the episode. We are talking about why circuit training is optimal for cyclists. Why do I program with them now? I'm excited about this topic because I sorry I just talked really fast. They're excited about this topic because it gives me an opportunity to explain a method to the madness and there's a lot of real surface level reasons why circuit training makes sense in the gym will discuss those why a lot of big Global gyms will encourage trainers to do circuits. But there's a lot of science behind why we do it at Donald health and I want to start out with that because I will say even though I think Bro Science has its place, you know, sometimes if something feels good, I think that can be enough. But only if it's a small part of what you're doing the foundation of everything you do has to be based in science and that's why I want to go over some of the science behind circuits to begin with. So first things first, the reason circuit training is so optimal. Is because it allows us to more easily emphasize muscular endurance. Okay, not only muscular endurance but working synergistic muscles. So let's break this down first off. What is muscular endurance muscular endurance is any exercise that you do that's over 12 reps. So a lot of people even say above 15 reps. However, when you have unilateral movements, like single arm shoulder press for example, you know, if you're doing 15 reps on each Each side and you're doing multiple rounds. You could be in the gym all day. So when you are this isn't why the sign says this but this is just like reality when you are at 12 reps, which is the science. It just allows you to move through the workout in a way that's like realistic. However, you are getting close to the point where you're almost on muscle hypertrophy. So hypertrophy is the rep range. That's 8 to 12 reps. So it's like really Blended there and that's more focused on muscle growth. You can it's like a fine line. Okay, so I kind of used that accordingly, but just think 12 and up for reps. And then you're in that muscular endurance is Zone. You can also keep the minimal rest time going or it keep a minimal or as time but if you don't rest enough, it might get to metabolic which would actually not allow you to lift as heavy and it can also just really fry you out and not really get the effect we're going for as cyclists. It's okay AKA perfect example CrossFit. Now what they're doing is definitely a form of muscular endurance, but it's at such a high rate that they don't get the optimal rest time so that they can focus on the strength portion of it and a lot of the stuff that they're doing is actually kind of focused on there like aerobic capacity. And so we we do all of that on the bike like we don't need to come into the gym and try and increase our robot capacity in fact if you doing that either you're not riding very much like you're doing it because you're not writing it very much or you just kind of drop in the ball because it's an opportunity for us to genuinely get stronger but in a way that supports our writing now, obviously you can do different rep ranges in the circuits, but overall like check it out this way if you're even in the hypertrophy rep range because the way you can stack movements in circuits, you can get a muscle muscular endurance of Effect because want that the following movement is now wait. How do I say this? Okay, I'm trying to explain the difference between Agonist Prime movers and synergists muscles. So let's talk about this. So let's use a push up for example or a bench press because that's heavier. Say you're going to do eight bench presses. It's going to be heavy. Obviously. This is a hypertrophy strength based exercise. So you use your chest is the prime mover. Press the bar for it up off your chest. Well, you're also flexing your shoulder and you're extending your elbow. So you're using your shoulder and your triceps. Okay, so those shoulders and triceps are the synergistic muscles that are helping The Agonist, which is the prime mover the chest work. Okay, so it's stabilizing your body. It's helping you do that movement more effectively now. If you go from your bench, press to a shoulder press you just Are now moving to an exercise and it's a you have 30 seconds between you still eight reps. However, you're going to feel some of the fatigue in your shoulder, press from the bench press because although the shoulders weren't the prime mover of the bench, press they were a synergist and not and they were still getting worked. So now when you use them as a prime mover you're emphasizing them more but you're going to feel the fatigue like there is a crossover and it's just another way to get more volume. On the same muscle without just repeating the same motion over and over and over again, which is kind of what we're trying to avoid in the gym. So it's not just about the rep range. It's about you stacking movements in order and allowing those muscle groups to basically synergistically work and support each other. Even if the Reps aren't all above 12 like technically muscular endurance is so that is one thing I think is really interesting. It's undeniable like go do a bench press. Press and then go do a shoulder, press like you would never let's just say for instance. You would never go test your one rep max Spence bench, press after One Max Max rap. Oh my gosh. I got like going dyslexic on you you whenever one rep max your bench, press after you one rep max a shoulder press because the muscle groups are too similar and it's not going to be an accurate reading and it's probably not even going to be very safe. Okay, so kind of keep that in mind that is Muscular endurance type of fact that we can have through a workout without that crazy amount of just repetitive reps on the same exact movement. So that that is really cool about muscular endurance and something I noticed that we experienced a lot when we ride because we use tons of different muscles constantly and they are supporting and synergistically working with each other and when you have those minimal rest times in between it just it kind of just feels like riding. But again, you don't want to short of a rest time to where now you're getting out of breath to the point that it's actually slowing you down from lifting heavier weight. So that's like that very fine line. You want to play with your strength workouts and really the only the only option like the only reason you wouldn't want to do that is if like I said, you're not riding very much if you're not writing very much. You haven't worked your aerobic capacity very much then okay, you know, maybe you're going to keep it to a 10 second rest time. You're basically just transitioning. Workout to workout, you know, you're going to get out of breath. Maybe you're going to drop the way and you're prioritizing that that can make sense. But in general you should be doing your that on the bike. So I'm just I'm repeating it because I got a pound it in your skull. Okay, that's get it in there. So muscular endurance through synergistic muscle groups. Obviously, you can imagine when we are in the muscular endurance rep range that this is very very much Amplified and the burn is real. Okay, then we also also have post activation potentiation. This is a really interesting. This is a really interesting concept. So this was created by or found through a study by Marcus Elliott in the P-38 Jim. It's down in Santa Barbara. He works with a lot of college athletes down there. This is actually I first heard of this. I'm almost embarrassed to say this. I don't want this to knock the credibility you guys this isn't P90X3. That's where I learned about it. However, I had a buddy who lived shout-out stand in Santa Barbara and I went and saw the P3 gym where it was created and it was super sick. So anyways, post activation potentiation is a proven study that basically says you are going to your body's going to exert more power after it has experienced a strength movement in that similar motion. So for instance when you do a heavy back squat, Your body is recruiting as many muscle fibers as it can to get that back squat to move. Right? So once you're recovered from your back squat, then when you go do a like vertical jump or a box jump and so you can see almost identical movements. And now when you go for that explosive power movement, you're actually going to be more powerful because of the previous squat exercise that just got more muscle tissue and 5. Engaged it got everything activated. Okay, so your potential after your Activation. So post potential of you know, what? How do I understand? This is your potential post activation post activation potentiation is greater because of that previous exercise and it's got to be in the similar movement pattern, but basically what I'm saying is you can actually get a better effect. by organizing circuits, if you keep this idea in your mind now, I will say there's a couple studies and both of them confirm post activation potentiation The only discrepancy between the two is the length of time between the two now the initial study I know for a fact was done where they were doing Chop Bar deadlifts and it was like a kind of a lateral vertical jump but of a jump nonetheless, but their thing was immediately after the exercise Which they don't say leads to a I think did they say at least a Higher One or Max? It doesn't really matter. There was more power but they were not allowing for a rest time. The other one was allowing for more of a rest time. That's that's really it. Both of them. The more power was happening after that strength exercise. So there when you do the circuits, you can actually set it up to get more from your power like if you look at a lot of my actual programs online a lot of the Power movements are following some form of a similar strength exercise or at least a strength exercise that is going to use one of those power moves movements synergistically. So it's not post activist activation potentiation like perfectly all the time. But we use that principle to hopefully get some of the effect. We I have done it in programs where it is like to the book but it's the concept is kind of the same and what I do notice and here's some Bro Science for you. Even when a movement isn't exactly the following movement to be explosive. So it's not as perfect as like a back squat versus a jump It's let's just say it's a let's just say it's like a bench press and then like a med ball slam, like even though those aren't the same muscle groups. Exactly and you are working some of the same muscles. It just feels more explosive. I don't know how else to say it. I'm trying to like word this in a way. That doesn't knock credibility. But what I've noticed just experience in the gym is that if you do a heavy upper body movement and follow it with an explosive upper body movement, you feel the effect of Pap even though it's not by the book If you do a heavy lower body movement and you follow it up with an explosive lower body movement and the same thing goes with like a more core Focus movement. You can feel the difference. It's like your body's just engaged and activate it and it's ready to explode. Be explosive. Okay, so Pap super cool and those are exercises where the circuit adds a lot of value because you just put things in order now, I will say disclaimer. Sometimes you don't have that as an option because of like equipment that's being used at the gym. You don't always have access to the back squat and then like a box right after it and I understand that and again, we're at the point where we're really splitting hairs on performance here. So if In a bind and you have to do the circuit out of order just do it any way you can that's going to allow you to be consistent and that consistency is still the most important thing. But if you can be consistent already and you can find a way to do the circuits in order you are going to get probably a little bit more effect and not with I hate to just guarantee things, but you're going to get a little bit more effect than if you just did them out of order. So keep that in mind Pap. That's it's a cool thing man. I love that. It just it makes a lot. Of sense for me to also this is reason number four science people prioritizing heavy movements or putting focus on like by lateral movements versus unilateral at the beginning of a workout. Okay. So when you have let's just say two different circuits for your entire workout and you are able to let's just see here. Oh, oh, oh, I got a client rolling up right now and they're not supposed to be here. I'm going to pause this and we're going to come right back. Okay, hang on. Okay, we're back. Sorry about that little random stopping point. My client ruled up because she was going right by to the lake long story short. She crashed this weekend and had to change up the schedule. So want to come by and confirm a few things. Anyways, let's get back to buy lateral movements versus unilateral movements. So part of the reason you want to use circuits is to build out a structure that allows you to get the most put the most energy. Into the movement that needs it the most. So for example a deadlift now most of the time you are going to want to be at your strongest for that tip perform that deadlift safely and to get the real effective response that you want. So you're going to find that being a bilateral movement most often the heavier exercises are bilateral movements obviously and those are going to be just like some of the first movements that you do is purely because your body has more energy for it. So obviously You need a proper warm-up. You need a little activation. You need to make sure everything is primed and ready to perform it, but you shouldn't be fatigued coming into it so that you can get the most from the exercise whereas, you know, you go down the list of exercises and let's just say a lateral shoulder fly, isn't it going to take nearly as much energy strength just willpower to do and especially to perform safely. So the structure behind that is very intentional and that's something that they actually prioritize a ton at Equinox and they really drill that in because you know, it is common sense to like not save your biggest workout for the last workout and to let the workout kind of like slowly dwindle out and the circuit again allows you to put that in specific order and it also allows you to break up. So like say you have your deadlift in your first round and then you have another like heavier movement and then the next round you can either start that round with a heavier movement or you could actually have that whole next round. Be more like light movements that are either more unilateral or more core focused or just lighter weight or whatever. It may be so it just helps the overall structure and honestly, if you felt a workout like that and you've gone through it, it just feels more effective because you aren't like you aren't fighting against the obvious, which is I'm not going to have the most of my energy at the end of this set or at the end of this workout. So that's one thing that's really cool. And one thing I will say I've I as far as activation goes for heavy exercises. I've been experimenting with adding more core movements before heavy lifts and not to like full-on fatigue. But like a legit Core workout or core movement in part of the warm up. So that your body's more primed to handle these like heavier movements, especially these barbell movements. So like even like doing a bear crawl, sometimes it is fatiguing but a of times it can get your your muscles like your hips your shoulders everything engaged enough to where it's already firing during the workout. So you don't have to think in your head as much. Oh tighten my abs squeeze my butt will and your body's kind of just primed and doing it. So that's something I think is really interesting. Heavy movements first the circuit is going to allow for it. So those are the big I'd say science points to why circuits are very optimal for cyclists in the biggest ones being we accomplished muscular endurance without making it too aerobic. We also use synergistic muscles to get a muscular endurance response from rep ranges that aren't technically muscular endurance. We have post activation potentiation. So the order the circuit matters along with you know, Prioritizing the heavier movement at the bilateral stuff before the unilateral stuff. So those are all the signs reasons now here are all the just purely like reality reasons. So when you do a circuit a lot of gyms will encourage this because it just keeps the flow like a flow to the workout. So not only is it you're keeping your clients attention and not just like standing in one spot just doing these like, you know 10 burpees on the minute every minute 20 minutes or something like that. That is that an effective workout to like, I don't know maybe losing body fat or conditioning or whatever it sure but it's mind-numbing and part of like moving from exercise to exercise is keeping someone's like attention span is stimulated and he just keeping them happy through the workout. You know, it's very real you want to enjoy your workout. That's so important for the ultimate goal of consistency. So circuits help that with that a lot and also when you're sharing like gym equipment with people you don't really want to Up at the same spot the entire workout. We all know those people we hate them. Okay, unless you're like just some big open gym floor space, you know, you don't want to like pull all the dumbbells or on the bench because you're doing four different exercises on that bench with those dumbbells, like everyone hates that guy it's super annoying and as a trainer you have to set the example of like how to work out in the gym. So when you take your client like from one area to another you have to be mindful of lot like trying to claim a spot below coming back to that all coming back to that. But you also can't just dominate an area for too long. So building out circuits really allows for the structure in the flow of the gym to work the way that is ideal and that it's a super surface-level thing, but it's very real for everyone's like experience and then I'm just trying to think of other reasons why they have us do circuits because I've had them recommend try sets. But then again those are scientific base where you know, if you have three movements in each exercise You can get an upper body lower body and core. This is not always something I follow but it's an easy structure to make sure that within a week of two workouts. You have you have to try circuits, you're gonna hit each of the seven effective movements and that kind of comes back to science which is super important seven effective movements a horizontal push and pull vertical push-and-pull hip nominee Dominic core and also gives you extra movement in there to not make that work out. Too long, but to like emphasize one area that that client needs so asking to say that surface level but that's actually really based around science. I think that's about all I can. I think that's all I had written down really was just the flow of the gym so circuit training man, that's that's pretty much what you're doing flow with the gym. I guess it's sellable. It sounds cool. It's it is what it is. But the way you should know is that basically it's mostly science based. And that's enough for me. I don't know about you and it's just fun. I like I like working out like that. And the thing is the results are so real you guys. Let me know you go and try all these different styles of working out like you'll you'll realize so quick as soon as you integrate it with your writing. I don't know that there's another way I've tried the other ways. Like I said, I've tried CrossFit powerlifting Olympic lifting at I mean you the really the only thing you're changing at that point is like how much metabolic Conditioning. Do you want to work out and like what's the style? Is it going to be body weight? Is it going to be this equipment only that equipment only but then again, you're still like circuit training you're not you're not really doing anything. That's just different. So yeah, let me know if you have another style of working out that I'm totally missing here that you think is better for cyclists. I'm all ears. I would love to know please tell me because I'm like constantly searching for and I'm always open to something. That's legit. But if it ain't legit you boys gonna quit. Alright, so keep that in mind. Alright, let's get into a little business update and wrap the sucker up. It's time for that business update. You guys have made it to the end of the episode. Thank you so much for listening. First off. Secondly. We have a lot to talk about without Health. Now. I got to announce the road program is out. It is up. If you are a member its dot health.com. You can access it. The only reason I haven't announced it today is because there's a couple Mistakes by the editor on it and I need to get this changed before I can really put it on display. So you have a little inside info right now. You can go access it. I'll tell you. One movement that's wrong. It's the warm up. It says band rotation. It's supposed to be a thoracic twist that is getting corrected. There also needs to be a new description for the equipment needed because it's full gym access not dumbbells only like it currently says it also has the dumbbell only photo still so that needs to get updated as well. And so I sent those revisions back and I'm really hoping that within the day those will be done so that I can actually announce this road program because this is something I'm very excited about and I think it's Going to help a lot of Roadies man. Really? I'm stoked about this program. It also kind of it's like a risky one because I really had to blur a couple lines in regards to traditional strength training as far as like rep scheme and how to make make sure especially after this conversation. We just had it backs up the science but is done differently in a way that's beneficial to these Road cyclists. So that was cool. And I think it came out really like it was cool going. Whoaaa. Oh, I was just vomited in my mouth. Excuse me. That what's really that probably sounded so disgusting. I really apologize for that. Don't eat six donuts after your huge bike ride. I am still feeling the effects of that. Anyways, it was I mean to say after our discussion, we just had it was it was fun like going through the process of figuring out how do I do this the way the athletes need it and still keep it based in science, so So I think we accomplished it with the road program go check it out. Honestly, you can use it but I won't be announcing it until this Corrections are made. Okay last week the we're moving on to a different topic. This is big and I'm officially announcing this to the people who are listening to the podcast now members do have priority because I only have ten spots but you guys I booked the retreat it's going down. It's happening May 15th through 17th in down evil. We're going to be spending two nights. At The Lure Resort. We have a private shuttle booked for the 10 people. It will be all-inclusive your food your alcohol and dude. I kid you not my mom's going to come and be like the event coordinator and make sure everything is just a flowing like the salmon a Capistrano. Okay, it is going to be such an awesome awesome event and I'm figuring out exact price point and I'm not again making the official announcement, I guess to the public through Like Instagram where like the website yet because I just need to get everything kind of packaged up a little bit more. So what I've realized is you're probably not going to be able to do this. You couldn't emulate this trip for the price that it's going to be because you know doing it as 10 people and splitting the cost 10 ways just makes it so much more price effective also besides all the writing that we're going to do all the awesome the catered food that we're going to have we are going to be doing nightly stretch core kind of like a The yoga routine and it's not going to be super intense like but it is going to be a DOT health trip. So we're going to have great rides. We're going to take care of our bodies. We're going to do some learning as some semi motivational talk each night that I'm really really pumped about and I think it's going to give you that that kind of edge you're going for from just any other ride trip and not to mention. It's just going to be just the coolest place to go and do this. So let me know if you're interested. I will have more info on the website this week. It will all be packaged and it basically the steps will be there to how you want to enter if you are interested in this now just shoot me an email and I'll make sure you get that info when it's up or that you see it. So the retreat you guys very first out Health Retreat. It's the first of many I can already tell we're going to bring a photographer and videographer going to capture it and we're going to present it. So that next year we can do multiple and start expanding our Region's. Okay. So DOT health retreat and then we have couple interesting things so the website is getting updated so that there's a welcome email and this is insane that it isn't there but it's again like the truth is when the site went up it was like okay membership monthly makes the fee lower and you'll have access to more programs opposed to buying like a more expensive one program that you only get like once you know you don't get the updated programs or whatever so My head I'm like done, but what I'm realizing is, oh my gosh, you know you're paying into a website that has a membership. You should get a welcome thing. You should get two week accountability thing. You should get like other value-added and this is the first Next Step. We're taking toward the app that we're going to implement and it's funny timing because I've been working on this and I kid you not. I got an email of a new member just saying. Hey like I signed up I've accessed the programs, but I didn't get any like confirmation email. I just want to make sure you know, I didn't miss anything or yada yada and I was like, thank you for saying Saying this because we're literally working on it right now. So it's a you know, it's honestly between us you guys like it makes it's hard to admit these faults, but I know that we're correcting them and it's all learning process and it's getting better and better like it's only going to get better. We have such a long way to go that I'm more excited about it than anything, but I'm admitting these to you just because you know, we are going in the right direction. It's just it's hilarious and lastly. We just got to merch update. So I sent out an order for some shirts. And I have no idea if I'm going to get them or not. I'm gonna be honest there was great communication until the final confirmation. And now we're kind of like, you know waiting around to find out I have to take another route of action stickers in the same state right now. So anyways, those are going to be up and I'm excited to try and sell them online like just through the site So that obviously if I don't see locally, there's people even listen to this podcast right now all over the world. and we have doubt Health members on every single continent so I want to try and be able to get at least nationally out to people I don't know how international shipping works but I'm going to figure it out because do I want people like across the pond wrapping my stuff you better believe it so I'm going to try and get you whatever you need in regards to doubt Health gear okay in the gear will be flowing so that's all the business update guys thank you so much for waiting for this podcast that was a little bit later thanks for listening my huge just personal rant in the beginning and I hope the explanation of circuit workouts I hope it just like clarifies and gives you a lot of confidence as to why you were training the way that you are again it's not just something random I picked as a lot of years of experience and trial and error to get down to those circuit workouts Before we go. I want to get you fired up. I can't begin to describe how lucky we are to not only have bikes in our life and to be able to ride but to have bodies that can physically go ride them. The fact that we can just be physical is such a blessing and I really want you guys to I don't know just stop and think about how freaking awesome it. Is that not only do we have the physical. Capabilities but we have enough freedom and enough safety and enough resources to throw a leg over a bike and go pedal because we love it. And the only thing that makes it better that isn't more writing is strength training. In fact more riding is just a dead end unless you add the strength training and that's why I believe in what I do so much because I know how much better it makes those moments that we have and I mean, I personally think we all have a responsibility. Need to find whatever our version of our best selves are and if you're listening to this right now, I'm just telling you it involves a mix of strength training and riding to heighten your writing. Who knows literally you never know. What is going to come from a better ride because the mood it puts you in how you treat your family when you get home the person you talk to next you don't know what kind of like ripple effect that it has and again, why not enhance it through strength training. So this is not me trying to sell you on like my product. I'm merely trying to sell you on the concept of we are so lucky to be able to do what we do. Why not double down and make it better and it's going to it's only going to be a positive thing for everyone else. It's not about being selfish and trying to get more and more. It's taking this awesome thing knowing that you can make it better and that you can literally just let that come out into the world man. Let that stoked come out. That's my motivational ran for you. It's what I'm thinking about. It's just it's it's sick man like that. Right? I did yesterday was rad the group ride. It just really like reminded me of just like the freedom that we have on a bike and like what it can do for you. So it's like, you know its nature. It's adrenaline its Fitness. It's meditation. It's all of it all at the same time. So let's let's get the most from a guys. I hope you have an awesome week again, please refer this podcast is someone that you think could be interested. And in listening to it helps it grow a ton tagging people on my Instagram page is huge. And if you have any questions about this topic about the program's please reach out to me through dialed Health at gmail.com. You can find an email link through the website dialed health.com or you can DME at dialed Health on Instagram. Looking forward to talking to you there. Also, if you have a question or a excuse me a topic idea for an episode, please let me know. They're awesome when I get them sometimes I like man. I why didn't I think of that? So don't feel like you know, if you have something there that's not going to be credible because I promise you it's probably something that other people want to hear as well. So shoot those over to me. I really appreciate it with that being said start moving forward and discover your path. I will see you next Monday morning, not afternoon morning.