We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and pillows in the world. It is nigh unto impossible to get out of bed. It is the saddest thing that I do every day. I just know we didn't sleep for so long with our kids. There is a terrible year where they were both babies and we didn't sleep for so long and it's like the most valuable thing to me. Now. It's still is I have the opportunity to sleep. I don't get out of bed when they go to sleep. Not time is sacred to me the depicts the time Walt Harris Leaf. I want to just treasure it as much as I can and balance sleeping and passing it super fast and being awake to just just be but mostly just sleep mostly just sleep for you. Well down and watches a lot of shows at night. I'm watching less shows because I'm valuing sleep over wasting my life away. Washing Show YouTube history goes whack every morning. Yeah. Well, my new goal is to wake up earlier then go to bed earlier than then to stay up late and get up late. This is the thing about goals. There comes a point where I think you need to just Just say to yourself This is not a goal for me. If you wake up every morning at the time that you're supposed to wake up for your goal. And you say to yourself. I will be happier today if I stay in my bed, and I don't give a well what if we went to bed earlier wake I do that's what goals are supposed to help you to do. It doesn't matter what I do to achieve it on a couch in a bed in a car at the Table like I fall asleep every day at 9:30 to 10:00. That's as it's a gift / curse that you've been given I do not have it. So I have to force myself to go to bed. And there's like two options we can take here we can have so much shame every morning for doing the same thing every day for the rest of our lives or we can just be like, this is just a characteristic of our species of the down and Ashley species species, you know, how like some monkeys Up all night like the ones with big eyes. I don't but please tell me about him. There's some monkeys that stay up all night. There are some bugs that are daylight bugs and there are some bugs that are nocturnal but you paid a lot more attention at the zoo than I did some animals rise with the sun and some animals have Burrows so that they don't see the sun where the borough ones. Hey, we close the blinds getting our blankets and snuggle if I were to compare ourselves to a character from Winnie the Pooh, which I feel is a movie that That very perfectly that is a metaphor for all of the animal kingdom. Okay, we would be a pooh bear honey. Honey, the point in the day where we become rabbits. What if it was puffing Rock? What would you compare us to um, silky silky the seal? She loves to have fun. She's there when she's gonna Here myself to the little te Baba to the little what is this not see the pharmacy farting Rossi quit fartin. He just eats food literally all day, except we learned from that show that he's not farting a couple episodes in it's a it's a gland is the gland. Okay you guys we have a new story and it is a fun one because we just recently went to Disneyland. This is coming from Disney World though a disaster happened at Disney a disaster happens. And that every Disney fan would have loved to have been a part of Ellen told me the story and my first response was oh my gosh, I would have killed to be on that boat man. I wish I was on that boat. Anyways, maybe you've heard about this a boat sunk at Disney World's Jungle Cruise during a ride and everybody had to get off the end. They were all like soaked from the waist down. I don't know how it happened. Maybe this article say it's only just it's just a few sentences long. This is Dallin admitting that he hasn't read the article before. Hand as I have requested him to do so many to there we go. I like to keep it real it was time to sink or swim Walt Disney World visitors on the Aquatic Jungle Cruise ride were in for a shock on Thursday when they had to be rescued after the boat took on water and that's all it says took on Water. I want no one was what I just I've been on a situation where a log flume boat wouldn't leave wouldn't move too many people were on the boat and they had to then take the people off the boat started floating in the water. They imploded too many people on the boat. It was just like There were a lot of like bigger people on the boat. It was just abnormal amount of bigger people on the boat. I mean, they probably just loaded it with too many people and I was on there I got was on one of the first ones on there and you could just feel it like sink and sink and then it was just on the ground at the end. It wasn't even floating so they had to load people off. So I'm wondering was this Six Flags log flume Ashley Early Childhood moment. Or like was there something where there was a leak in the boat or I don't know it says it sunk with like within a minute. It says no one was injured and all passengers were safely evacuated by firefighters from the Reedy Creek Fire Department all see the Disney World its own fire department came to their rescue. How cool would that be to things about me? You know that I love Disney World and I love doing things. Most people can't do. And I also love emergency responders. I get nervous in front of him. Like I would get nervous if like Taylor Swift walked in the room. Yeah, we met a police officer the other day and I was like, oh my gosh, you're a police officer because he was working. He had a second job or something. It was at the RV show. Is that the RV Show he was working as an RV salesman on his off time, and he mentioned that he was a police officer sometimes and I was like, oh my gosh, I watch Life PD every night. Like do you know any of them? It's like he was a drug off. He was like, can you tell me your biggest drug busts? What's the craziest place people of hidden drugs? And he actually enjoyed the conversation. I felt like he loved it feels like oh somebody's interested in what I do. Well, I feel like with police officers. They might be so used to a lot of people just hating them or like bad, press and I walk in the room and I treat them like Mickey Mouse and it's just a really fun situation for everybody. Okay, the article ends the theme park has not yet revealed. How many passengers were aboard the jungle boat when it sunk why it took on water or why it took on water in the first place. I want to know like the secret path they traveled through because you know, there's like a maintenance path through the jungle cruise. So people can get to all the places. I want to know well within 20 minutes everybody was off and it says it only took a minute for the boat to like sink and they were all sink is like a quotation marks word because well, it doesn't it's not very deep. So they were all just basically their pants and shoes were wet. You can't actually sink like all what Disney gave them. It says Disney took great measures to make sure the fans enjoyed the rest of their day at the park, but it doesn't give any more details. We got special Fastpass bands man. See that's why I would want to be on this boat so bad we get the special Fastpass ones that just poop and you just have to walk on any ride, especially Disney World where you have the wristbands where it's so easy is Della nice greatest goal in life to be invited to create or days at Disney World. Yeah Disney holds this event each year specifically for or social media creators and they invite them to Disney World and then they go on a Disney cruise and it's all comped and it's all paid for and they get these special Magic bands that are already that have this like special code in them that gets them fast past for any ride. They can just go up to any right and go through the fast path line willy-nilly and I'm willing to bet they have a food per diem that is going to probably be amazing and It is Mike. I will know that we have made ourselves into something when Disney knows who we are and invites us to create our days when that day comes we will have made it. We're hoping it's next year and I'll be so fun. Stay tuned for more big little life with the - least. We are supported by America's number one milk it hello fresh. You guys know that we love hello fresh so much for making them all the time in the Vlogs and we talked about in the podcast. Here's the three main reasons why we love hello fresh. They are delicious you break out of your dinner out with hellofresh has 22 plus seasonal Chef curated recipes each week. It helps you save time and stress effortlessly. Hello fresh cuts out the stressful meal planning and prepping so you can enjoy cooking and get dinner on the table and just about 30 minutes. Usually even 20 minutes with her quick prep. Recipe options and lastly hellofresh is flexible and it fits your lifestyle. You can add extra meals or lunches to weekly order anytime throwing yummy sides and desserts like garlic bread and cookie dough. You can easily change your delivery days or food preferences anytime online one of our favorite meals. We just got from hellofresh was the parmesan crusted chicken. Aw, man. It was so good. We love them. We have a special discount for the - Leaf am you guys go to hellofresh.com big little life 10 and use that code big little life ten for ten free meals including Free shipping again go to hellofresh dot-coms big little life 10 and use the code big little life 10 for 10 free meals including free shipping today. We are supported by Laurel Springs. I'm gonna drop some truth right now as a former teacher did, you know, I taught kindergarten, of course, you know, you're married to me. Oh me. Yeah I did public school is not for everyone or for every family Laurel Springs is an Accredited Online private school for students in kindergarten through 12th grade a cohesive program that can take your Child from the very beginning to the very end as they get ready for college. They're flexible learning power offers challenging and diverse elective courses. One of my favorite things is their World Language programs for kids as little as kindergarten. Imagine George speaking like Mandarin Chinese. That's my drink you go. He will that's my dream for him. Laurel Springs is also accredited with the Western Association of schools and colleges. They are transcripts are recognized by colleges and universities worldwide. Okay. So if this sounds like a good fit for your family, you can register your child at Laurel Springs.com / big little life today and receive a waived registration fee Laurel Springs.com / big little life. Almost brings.com big little life here as we talk all the time about how much we love podcasting and how easy it is to make a podcast and that you should make your own to using anchor they are a sponsor of our podcast as well as the platform. We use to launch our podcast. If you haven't heard about it, it is so easy. It's free. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your Cast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute it for you and send it out to places like Spotify and iTunes. So you don't even have to do any of the work. You literally just record it and let anchor do the rest you can make money from it by doing ads like these there's no minimum listenership to start making money from ads. It's really everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So go check out anchor go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and make your own podcast. It is so fun. You should definitely do it. Okay. Ash. What's next we have a lot to catch up on. Yeah, we have a lot in other news. This is a big one. This is one that down and I have talked about at length probably too much on this podcast and we are wanting to lay it to rest today. Oh our backyard is now the proud. And safe home. Yeah to a fire pit. What kind of fire pit Ash and not just any fire pit. If you are an avid listener, you know that I was team wood burning fire. Uh-huh. And Alan the self acclaimed country boy from Colorado was team propane fire pit. Yeah because I've started so many fires. I know that it's a little bit of a pain especially Ali when and this was have kids that want to just go out of a fire real quick, but then five minutes later they want to do something else. This is Towing Dangerous Ground because dowling's defense in a way insinuates that I have started very few fire wasn't not at all. It did it first just it's just insinuates to use your word that you enjoy making and starting fires more than me. This is reminding me when you said to use your word down has been very careful about where do you use because we got in a fight and he used the word prejudice and I was like I took it kind of I don't know we got into this huge fight that ended in as defining the word prejudice in a dictionary and the other day dahlen tried to use the word prejudice again with his mom. He was talking about something with his mom and he was like whoa. Whoa, she didn't know what was going on. He was he was like lalala Prejudice and then he was like, hold on and he like was like, let me look this up really fast to make sure I'm using this in the correct context and I was it he read out the definition of Is to everyone in the room, uh-huh and no one knew why he cared so much about using we were talking about ali we weren't fighting we were talking about how know we were religions tend to see religions that are different than them in a prejudiced View. I thought we were fighting the first time me and you time yeah, but then when it came with my mom we weren't fighting no your mom and you weren't fighting but she it was just funny because she can t read off the definition. She was like, oh, okay. She had no idea why you would be like Prejudice and then really I guess I didn't think about that. But you know, maybe she was like, oh, okay. Thank you. I knew what that meant. Uh-huh. So did we say it is a propane fire is a propane fireplace. Pit and how nice was it to go out and within 10 seconds, just turn the knob click the starter and it just so it was nice. Would I still love a normal wood fire pit? Yes me too someday. Do I feel like it's the hardest thing to make a fire. It's not the hardest thing. If you ever use a cast like especially right now where it's cold outside. I just went out there for five minutes had fun with George turned it off was done instead of like go out got would God kenneling got starter lit it waited for it to all counts much stuff so much smoke in our house in the neighbor's house like me anymore. We have a freaking smoker. That doesn't last very long. Looks like our house is on fire every time we make a Just when you start it up for 12 minutes, okay, and then turning it off just turn it off or we could get water come across commenced turning off of that - has the man eventually have to clean it all out every every other time. We use it. Make sure we have fire wood in stock because it's like are we gonna store the firewood, you know, all that stuff. I just Don't think you were born in New York City not Colorado. I know what it's like to have a fire pit and now is just not the time with little kids when the kids are older and we can all make the fire together then. Yeah, that'll be fun. George would like making the fire. Maybe maybe for like a few minutes. And then it's get sick of in want to go inside before the fires even made sure. He would love to throw things in a fire. Yeah. Okay, you guys can probably climb another one who's have to fire pits. Obviously. I didn't make the right fire pit choice. I mean, you can probably glean that Dowling made this Choice without the fire pit arrived at her house and Ellen was like, I bought a fire pit. I bought a fire pit. So it's probably obvious that this was not a joint decision, but you like it. Looks good. Right, right. There's just a lot of things you can't really argue about once. It's bought. There you go. That was my goal. But here we go was ill and arguing as cost-effective as a normal fire fire pit. No no little bit more expensive. It's you but I like it. All right next topic. Okay next topic. We just wanted to let everyone know we've been getting a lot of emails. Lot of emails a confusing amount of emails, even we do things with their kids sometimes and more like this is going to have a lot of backlash or people are going to be kind of offended that we did this with our kids and nothing and no one says anything we come close to something potentially happening. If we did something that we're not doing with our dogs. You're being so big. Oh, wait, are you talking about sigh little and our email boxes are A full so I just want to kind of like put everyone's heart at rest apparently and I haven't researched this Foley and I only know this because we've gotten so many emails. There is an ingredient in many mints called stylet all and it is not good for dogs. Have you researched this more? Yeah. It's very harmful to dogs. And if they eat a more than just a tiny Teensy bit of it they can die. They can die. So we did we partnered with Company called Thrive market and they have these cinnamon mints that are my absolute favorite and I showed the mints on our Vlog and I didn't talk about ingredients of the men's butts. So many people knew that those mints had Xylitol or I think there might even be a small population of - Lee family members who kind of check up on the ingredients of all of the food that they see in our house people are so they care about it so much you guys care about so much. Thank you. And yes. Total looking it up is extremely toxic to dogs even small amounts of Xylitol can cause high close hypoglycemia seizures liver failure or even death death right crazy. So we have gotten so many we buy these mints and eat them in Mass amounts because I love them so much you do and we just have so many people who are scared that our dogs are going to die. Especially after - jumped up on the counter and ate an entire pizza, right? So we learned by watching. Best cameras that are in our living room a pizza disappeared and it was either dellons mom or the talks. We watch the dates and - willy-nilly like he's been doing it for months is able to jump onto our bar stool and then jump onto our we don't know if he's actually doing for months, but he just jumped up like a way like it wasn't like there ain't no thang and he just starts consuming and entire pepperoni. Pizza and then a dessert pizza, which main ingredients are basically butter and sugar for the record down was really quite angry. Yeah, and I was kind of like he is Art. He's never reminded me more of Dowlen in my life. I think you could try it and see this is why I love Dash so much. This is why you could spin it and see it as a bonding moment. Hmm. He's just like me. He really is my dog. Anyways, I just wanted to put it out there that this Tom meents are either zipped up in my fanny pack in my closet in my fanny pack attached to my waist or in a Cupboard or drawer that is not accessible. Yes, and thank you for your concern very much. We really appreciate it. We believe it's not accessible to dogs. But as we learned last night, we have no idea what - is capable of. Yeah, I we have a third Nest cam it came in a pack of three and I haven't had anywhere to put it yet. But now I'm going to set it pointing directly at our kitchen to have better. View what's going on? Also the back door, right? It'll capture that to I want to put one in our laundry room. He does something in there. I'll not be able to find him and I'll go in there and he'll be standing just still because I come in in the laundry room all the time Lil stinker. We have all of the dangerous laundry detergents way up high on a shelf. Yeah, even I can't reach clear the washer and dryer first. He does something in there. Yeah. Okay, next on my list of things to talk about. Is the Democratic Convention and I want to make I want to make projections kind of like how people guess who's going to win The Bachelor because I have my own projections. Okay doll and I were not like stating any political affiliation. I would even venture to say we have almost no political affiliation. Maybe it would be libertarian. And we don't even know exactly what that is. We just know that we don't really resonate with either the Republican or the Democratic party's those like old-fashioned groups. I just know that I resonate with Ron Parks and Rec more than anybody else. Right? So like come election time. We're always just like who do we choose and we kind of just choose who we feel the best about and who has ideas and ideals that that Our beliefs for society which is kind of hard to find because we just want everyone to be happy. Yeah. Anyways, they are Pete Budaj has just dropped out the billionaire businessman just dropped out who else but the math guy. Oh Peter Yang. He's been out for a while. Here's the thing about dalinar Peter Yang Peter Yang. Is it Andrew Andrew? Yang? Don and I love these debates whatever the party if the green party held the baits we would watch it. Yeah, or if they were televised. I'm sure they hold debates. And we spend a lot of time talking thinking watching laughing being concerned about what everyone is saying Republican won eight years ago or four years ago. Same thing was nuts. Yeah the best TV I've ever seen the one now don't jump isn't show business. It's also a really good one just entertaining the fights. It's almost like watching Survivor in suits. It's so good fancy rich Survivor down mentioned that Pete Budaj and probably saying that wrong is out and I really thought he was going to go all the way me too. It blew my mind. I thought he was doing better than he was I guess the campaign ran out of money. I don't know. I know you had a lot of donors, but I guess after not showing up close to winning in any of the first four primaries. I guess it's kind of like and then another I'm surprised Biden is doing as well as he's doing well. He did pretty bad the first three but then all of a sudden he won South Carolina by like a long shot and I think I'm from Georgia. I think there might be some more like quote-unquote conservative Democrats in South Carolina. Meaning they're kind of like more old-school Democrats who resonate with Joe Biden. I mean, I don't know much but that's what I'm guessing. This is my prediction. I mostly just want to make predictions. Who do you think will be on the final ticket? I'm going to say mine. The number one the vice the president and the vice presidential. Who do you think will be the duo I thought it was going to be Pete but then he always hadn't dropped out. Okay, I think it's going to be Bernie Sanders. I think really pull it out gonna make you think he'll pull a Donald Trump and so shocked the world and do it and his party will be all aflutter like the Republican. Pretty was just like freaking out a little bit with Donald as the candidate. Uh-huh, but I think he'll do it. I think he'll do it and I'll be this great victory for him and his followers and I think he's going to choose Kamala Harris. Do you remember her? Uh-huh is her last name Harris. I know her first name is Kamala. I think he's going to choose her as his VP who I think he's going to need a woman. Well, I think he's gonna want a woman VP. Uh-huh. And I think she's a good one because people no one really hates her. Yeah, so my thoughts Ashley has spoken will have to come back in a little bit and see if Bernie is the one if Bernie doesn't win. I think it will be Joe. I think Kamala Harris will be the VP no matter what. All right, here's my guess. Okay hit me with it. I think that Joe is going to come back and win the nomination because he's the safe choice and whether or not he actually gets the votes the Democratic party will do exactly what they did to Bernie last time. I'm getting depressed. Let's move on. Okay you major you think it's you think is Bernie though Joe. Joe Biden with Bernie as the VP. Hmm. That would be think that'll work. How do you tell her to do is attack each other don't really like each other Elizabeth Warren as the VP. I love the Saturday Night Live version of all these candidates Elizabeth Warren on SNL is my favorite person so funny so funny. Let's talk about things that aren't so funny. Okay coming out today on our Vlog. So coming out. I think this podcast is getting published today too. Uh-huh. Is our Costco Hall and it was not any Costco Hall. It was our we got our Costco refund. So it was all kind of like free money. I know we've like already spent it and it's kind of being rewarded back to us, huh? That we did we spent in preparation for an emergency event. So we stocked our food pantry kind of with coronavirus in mind or any virus or any natural disaster. Right? But the current pressing one is covid-19 our area. There was just a coronavirus patient announced in Utah in Salt Lake City and every Costco. Oh is empty of water of Water of canned food went to Home detail of paper to just try to find a little face mask and it was gone. There are signs to say limit 10 per customer. They're all gone like both sections where they're supposed to be face masks even back in like the woodworking section where there's just little simple face masks all gone and I went to try to buy some extra water from Costco and I couldn't all the gospels are out of water. So I bought like some Olympus 5-gallon jugs that you're supposed to use for the water. So sweet water drinking machines, you know you tip over really fast. Nope. You don't spill too much. They still haven't come up with a better option for that. We bought four of those and they were super cheap. They're only like 13 bucks each. So yeah. Now we have 20 gallons. Here's the filtered water in addition to all the water bottles we have in our basement. So we're good. We're good. Yeah, I grew up in Georgia where we had like ice storms all the time. The power went out all the time. You couldn't drive on the roads because they are so I see like do you guys Member when Atlanta was shut down because of ice storms. Do you don't all over the news? Maybe it's like a common thing. That was a huge storm that shut Atlanta down but that was like a common thing to have these ice stores that shot. Everything is more of a present thing for you because it was also over pain breaking news. I'm sure. Write your family email list. I was living there though. And you were living there. Yeah, and then is there there's like tornadoes. So like we were kind of not quarantine, but we were stuck at home a couple times every year because of ice storms or like tornado warnings or there actually was a tornado and everything all the trees were falling down and you couldn't drive anywhere. So we always kind of had a food supply in our house and often use it like I don't think we was so My mom did it in a smart way where it was things that we normally eight. So we were always using it but we always just had extra of the things. We normally I guess how often did you need to like where you where you kept from being able to even go to the grocery store and use more of your storage than normal. No, like we never were like we were never like rationing food. Like I never really noticed there was never a difference in food during these times. We just cooked normal stuff anyways, but he never had to store like by trees like you just said we what like you never actually worse we weren't or but we just never know we did it was just like we never I never noticed. Oh, I guess that's what I meant like How many how often were you actually like kept from the store for a few more than a few days? I don't know. I would say at least like once a year. Wow, cool. Yeah. Well cool, but cool. You're prepared. It was cool. But most people scary if it knows would announce like guys there's a nice store coming and most people would rush to the store right before every storm that was projected and by in a like in a crazy rush like whatever they could get their hands on. Yeah, it was nice not to have to do that. Right? So we're finally getting there with our own little cold storage room and you'll see it in the Vlog today the Costco all we went to the world's largest Costco in Salt Lake. It was like we went the week before everyone else felt the need to go and if re Pickin it was just no one was doing what we were doing. So I like two people have face masks. Now when you go outside like the one I went to Costco yesterday real quick. If I had face masks on there were like some people face masks and they were sanitizing every single Persons cart that when you walked into the store, they one person checked your Costco card another person wiped off the handle of your cart. Wow. Yeah, we should do that all the time the should my mom is a does echocardiogram some people and she was called in to do an echo on somebody's heart and then they told her that they canceled it because they thought the person might have coronavirus and they quarantine that person crazy. This is right up the road from us in Washington state. There's an entire like elderly. Care Facility that's having a coronavirus outbreak right now. So that's where the to the one person who has died and the other person who is hospitalized. That's where they're from. I forgot what it was called. I was reading an article, but all there's like 20 people in that Facility Who are sick and and thought to have coronavirus they're getting tested sucks because the incubation period is like 10 days some it's thought to be up to 27 days and you're contagious during that time, but you don't know that you have it, you know, and it sucks, huh? James has like a cold right now. It's like it could be 10 days 15 days turn into this coronavirus and it's just like well, he said I was also reading coronavirus for most young people like people our age and like teenagers. I don't know if babies like toddlers fall into that most young people the symptoms are not much worse than a common cold or flu huh. So a lot of those people like people they're seeing in Washington a lot of people believe that it's been going around for weeks and no one's is it just hasn't been known because no one's been testing for it unless that you unless you say I traveled overseas no one's really testing you now they are because there's people who didn't travel overseas who are getting it. So they think it's kind of been going around just before then like for longer than 10 people have been freaking out about it. Scary. Yeah, what did Rob your brother-in-law say about Rob's the ER doctor? So Robin on our videos before he went we went live on Facebook once and did a live ask a doctor. Thing and Rob answered a lot of a lot of different questions on that plot podcast that live video. He said I called them because I kind of gauge my Panic level on what they're doing for things like the new outbreak of the year and he was like, they weren't there. Chill. I mean, I'm sure they're washing their hands a lot, but he just said we live with the flu and it kills thousands and thousands every year. So he was just kind of like you if you're worried about anything you should be more. Worried about the flu. Okay breaking news. I'm getting 80 texts a minute on my phone right now. What's going on? This is a family group text from my mom and my sisters and I think my dad might be a part of this. Nope. It's just my there's it's just my mom and my sisters. I don't think my dad's a part of this. Here's a care. Here we go. My sister in South Dakota says, there's a suspected case of covid-19 in Utah Washington's Costco's are sold out stock up. My mom then says, I saw that I saw that on the news. Did you buy a freezer my sister? Yes. My mom is a bigger small my sister medium - these are all the things that may be going on the background of this podcast. My sister who works at Costco then says if anyone is going to get sick, it will be me and then my South Dakota sister don't be scared of the virus the flu kills more people. It's the empty grocery stores. You should be worried about my mom Sam for sure being around all those people my mom rough terms to my Sure that she'll probably die first. Okay, then my mom asked my Costco sister was Costco busy. And she said we have run out of water and toilet paper in the first hour of the store being open for a few days now. So yes, very busy people are waiting for grocery carts, and then they go on to talk more about toilet paper. There's a lot of toilet paper gifts and that's it. And that is what the gifts. That's what's going on. I went to in the middle of the day yesterday to try to buy some water from Costco. I guess I already said this all gone. I tried to buy some toilet paper too. In case I really don't think this will happen in case they tell everybody to stay in their homes for a little while. Just my thing and they only pick Toby were they had left they were long gone. There's the crew excited Kirkland toilet paper dalen had but I think it's the Charmin extra plush extra soft highly absorbent like only one that's It's for your bum people weren't even buying it in an emergency situation because it was like $22. It's like a Minke Couture. So I was like, okay, we really have all the things we bought we did not stock up until the neighbors of this is what I'm left with I don't think we should stock up on toilet paper. Why? Well, I'm confused one of those things you take for granted and all the sudden. We have any left. You're like crap. I guess I really rely on this for my my happiness. No, baby wipes Yeah, why well because they can clean they're just better at cleaning multi purposeful. Okay, that's what I would buy could have bought some of those. I guess there were both like if worst comes to worst like you're probably not gonna be able to flush your toilets anyways. Because like the water might get shut down like if it gets really bad. I don't think it would get that bad. But we'll see there's going to be all if coronavirus wipes out the nation. There are these movies during these home right homes full of toilet paper was full of 1200 people will starve to death and die. What the heck no one will people like poop so much on this. Americans will never run out of toilet paper say that in your Bernie Sanders voice Americans will never run out of toilet paper. If I'm president Universal toilet paper for all Universal toilet paper for all part of my plan only cost 72 trillion dollars and we'll take it from Trump and we'll take it from the top point one percent. That's it on Saturday. A live there were like he was like look the hand sanitizers. It only kills 99.99% Why don't they care about the top one punt top point zero one percent of bacteria. I don't like it. I use my hands. I wash my hands with girl fashion bought soap and scalding hot water. He is one of my favorite people in this world. He gets so mad. He does people need to have his fire. Hey, do they do especially Joe especially wake up a little bit up there Joe. We're all counting on you. I like his stories though. Okay, here we go. That's our podcast for today. Hopefully we didn't offend you too much with our political back-and-forth. It's all in good fun fun. We love you guys. Thanks so much for joining us. We'll see you in the Vlogs this week. Bye.