Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary inAll right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No, not my thing, but one time in 2009 so you didn't heal until White.Do you know what you should we did it? That's the deepest voices. But go to highest Vybz Kartel. I know he had all the Baggins has anyone touched him since then like Nevada has had a couple of things. You mean like someone. Yeah. No, no, no. No, obviously they have that era where they were back and forth. Yeah, but Vibes just went on the knots run on some. Ferguson before retirement and then came out with them up. I need to ask you a music related question, but why do autistics need multiple labels because this make the stallion thing. I'm trying to understand exactly I get used to in a label. Why is she not? Yeah, I get used to in the label for whatever reason clearly. She's got some type of contract with them, but I saw a tweet that said One of the labels how exactly does that work the pens and so sometimes you might have a management label on a record label cool or sometimes you might have a smaller label and a bigger label partner if it's smaller label and bigger label what you tend to have is a merger for the sake of okay, we've got the talent we've nurtured the talent and we we have a contract that means this Talent can't leave us obviously. We're trying to get as much of our Revenue. As possible and then the big our label come in and they might take a bigger or smaller percentage, but they have a bigger Revenue a bigger access to its similar to for instance. If we are if we signed on door side on a bread management. Yeah. Yeah anyone listening Brennan stuff that's not allows us to record here. If we signed on the print management. He said you have a hundred episode deal. Yeah, and that's great. However, Brent might not have a million and a half pounds to put us on TV get us on all the Billboards Etc. So it's in our best interest and to some degree Brent's interest if we partner up with say Spotify and I guess it made the stallions case Roc Nation because that's her management label. Is that okay? So yeah, so yeah management is literally what it says on the tin like there's a lot of people that have Not without having a record deal. So management is that real rap man is he signed to anyone? But he's on the Roc Nation management. He's definitely on the Roc Nation. I'm not clear on the details of rat man. I don't think he signed to a label but I'd never deals got management deal. Yes, I management. They were essentially just wasn't a tennis not necessarily a record label deal. So they don't always deal directly with your distribution. They're not the ones that directly put your music, however, but I am a nutshell you they usually do provide some form of investment, but it's usually less they usually take less and they have less involvement in your projects. I think we've made the stallion listen to drop out and podcasts and I'll get obviously they in the music scene, so I'll get into it. So essentially the deal she signed was like a production their lack of production company. So those deals are slightly different apparently to musicals and apparently the splits that that shows getting at the 4060 thing and then gets 50% of merch is it's not extortion not playing impact of 4060 thing was extortioner would have a splits were expensive or not completely unusual are part of their bit more than what is market. Probably the market rate. Yeah obvious. I think that comes from maybe the fact that when shortly signed it shows at 1920. Yeah. Yeah, so she was quite sure you have people get hooked on these. All the time, but let's see. I've like from what from the artist I call you talk about is I've listened to them and I start I have been either kind enough to kind of mention some of the things they've dealt with or there's been about some form of controversy with Transit them like going mad on install something or Facebook or whatever. Just what their deal is like almost every artist that I follow had issued that it was like Drake did when he tried to just he gave us about isil of Clips as push your malice. They didn't release album flat for five years. Tory. Lanez went recently went on a rant about Interscope on IG. I've got Meg now who will face and Diddy. Yeah, if you want to get bigger Road Taylor Swift. Yes it is and she has like everyone's talking about this just Makin being young which is a massive fact about Taylor's got millionaire parents with which I assume would have got her some of the best lawyers and she was she was still drunk that Like an ID. Yeah, that's that's what I said on sort of like obviously there's a lot of discussion about why did you get a lawyer? Why do you really can't wrap up with like three people think those keys contracts on that sign up for Jim box, wherever that it's not it's not right. It's not that like you're talking about multi in a lot of cases multi-million and some case maybe billion-dollar corporations here when this is their business. I love you as a business involves. They're always evolving with it. And if you look at contracts, the contracts are worded vaguely. E on purpose like even one of these one of my friends home. He told me about his contract negotiations. He was like some other words has to go like get like a luxury for our you read what these words ladies at right if I sign that they were there by are stall some sensors be afraid to ask questions. I'm going to go into the like a contract. I've been looking to but a productive production doors. So usually as a as a nice there's different types of deals that you can sign production deals tend to be what they say. Attend as well that you'll be working with the producers Etc of this label and you'll get you'll get you'll get a car Etc record label deals again what it says on the tin you're working with the record label per se I think the nuts thing to meet firstly the fair thing about because I think a lot of people naturally we've got we've got a can and a love for Megan's career. So we're not considering the fact that at the same time record label do it. Is a record label as much as people hate record labels. They're still putting their Capital. Yeah, they're putting a capital in the last true. Yeah. Yeah, even like modeling agencies a lot of companies in general when you get a book published and same thing, but you're going nigger. No. No, so we're like the the expenses of being an artists are crazy gem saying like I'm blessed to the feather. I was able to buy myself my own studio for inside my house. Yeah, but then Eve When you have your own studio for instance, so let's say I spent like I'm I smell a 5k on the flak on the first to get the my first teacher obviously since then I've upgraded certain things and whatever. Yeah, but on top of that you have after that you have a for every single song you make you have to send it to a mixing engineer. That's that's that might run you a couple hundred or lot less if you're lucky Jim saying then you got send it to a March. An engineer some people get lucky in the mixing engineer marchioness it while stirring Engineers the same person and then obviously you might have to make a video you might have to compromise or whatever before you even put a song out you might have run for one song. You have run yourself at least eight bills. So sometimes like people don't take into consideration these labels for some people with their only hope of being able to put out music because we're not like as an artist. You're not always You cannot sort of money where you can say our calendars from 800 on the song. If you don't work, you don't work before I even get to run in a video and it's even worse for people that are using them Big Boy Studio because that's usually including the label deals. Like I will so sometimes when I saying, okay so million dollar deal involved in that also is the price paid for Studio price paid for videos Etc and labels tend and this is an experience. Of like my friends who are artists and and obviously what I've seen as well they'll tend to almost like jack up the Press so suddenly this studio wasn't what it was it did he who was like, yeah. Okay is like a 1 million budget to be on the song. Obviously. I'm featuring so it's minus this and it would have Bentley's - this after you've got like two mags or something. Yeah. Yeah, like some people have been choked. Yeah. That's a game like that's the game of life. We'll come at this with some nice. But yeah Jackson 5 joked TLC joked and sick Jack Swing. I don't even remember that boy. Destiny's Child joked that track did that. Yeah Jackson fire, but I think they even they've lost him the brand name. I was really caught even use Jackson 5 or G5 both of them. They can't name with Beyonce's dad. And he's the rightful owner of Destiny's Child. So apparently that's one of the reasons they can't go back on tour. Yeah. Sure. So I think I think I could be wrong if I find it. I think Jackson 5 I've been tricked by Motown. I'll contact that. I don't want to rely on on a whole labels name but they were deprived of do you know who's drunk the worst? I was his name-o just and I can't remember his name here. But the only sold one of his biggest hits he had to sell the rights for like $50 and royalties gone forward. He got playing half a half a cent on royalty point so life every stream play whatever he was. Again officer he got done. I think to the player if he walked away if he accepts it like 11 Grand from her settlement deal and he just walked away. I think it was it Chuck Berry. I can't remember and there's another story as well about the guy who originally things in Lion King from New York and I think his mom made him go back when he was doing he was recording. The original was just like no no no, son. You need to put in your contract that you get royalties for this. So apparently now with this remake he's laughing whereas if he didn't know that then he would have got booked as well. But what what I want to know is there was a time when Rihanna was coming up and who else was coming up with her team send them teacher Moses what happens when you don't do well because that they just drop you but I wonder if you like incur any costs that way so very good only does the label take the L, like obviously if you put a military and then a million to teacher Moses and now obviously for different reasons real has almost like If 600ml teacher Moses is on Love & Hip-Hop. Hey, so it's kind of like wasn't robbed pick pick your destiny everything as a choice. Ladies and gentlemen, for real. Yes, like obviously after that label spent the mildew. Did they try to recuperate that? I think I've ever taught. Yeah. That's a very I think that's why a lot of labels people see it as like almost like the most evil thing ever. I mean, that's why I labels have 360 doors. Mmm again. I'm something that doesn't believe that many things are completely negative 360 does a reason a lot of people think the negative. So what if he sees you doing in essence means is whatever you do. We are eating until we get back our money. Okay. So before that before 360 deals might have been they were popularized definitely like mid-2000s. Well like 2005 Damien's now see if teacher Moses is still on. I don't know if she still a rogue Nation. No, well if she was for instance for argument sake Whatever. She's getting from Love & Hip Hop is yeah that they're collecting that Sarika to recoup their money. Sort of free sex is what it says on the tin like it like 360 sold merchandise music TV review could go get a nine-to-five were eating from that. But I was like man. What can I obviously man I can tell us to Define as to chill for a second because Jay-Z want some money around like, you know, I found About YouTube. Yeah yesterday. Somebody was telling me hang tight him. I don't know if he wants me to shout shout in my own hell, but I know he's a listen. I don't want to say he has a I want to say an alias Haley coolkid cheeks that he coach called cheeks, whatever he wants to call himself. I don't know. I don't wanna say it's proper name because maybe he doesn't use it. But basically he was telling me that on YouTube. He was just like, you know, when you see those random accounts and you'll see like you want to listen to a song. And then you see like, I don't know. Dr. Stanky 1991 and you're thinking and they've got like they've uploaded a Beyoncé song or jme or whatever because you were playing at the other day, whatever and you're like, oh, how come they still allowed to be on YouTube but basically the artist or even the label is collecting money from that as well. So he asked me what's your favorite like one of your favorite shows? I said Grey's Anatomy so called the reason Grey's Anatomy don't take off. All those best bits is because they're still collecting money from the people who put that up. So like for example, If I put up a video now and it's like Beyonce and I don't know it's one of her songs like bow down and I put together a compilation as 5 million views. I'm not really seeing that money because that money is having to go to Beyonce. Yeah, so I didn't know that YouTube have like a for anyone that wants to upload videos YouTube has like a loud music section that shows you that you can actually search a name of the song and be like our is am I going to get paid for it more than I get my royalties. I'm gonna split it sometimes when I've done like covers to certain songs before it will tell me your sister. I'd split okay. So what happens is I'll get a percent but God what and it? Yeah, because I remember and do you remember something you think this is so ludicrous? I didn't remember it. Yeah, the sounds of Christmas. Yeah. So in terms of like a like a deal that don't miss contract here or allegedly don't want it depends on your perspective. You're a rapper. I'm going to say his name. She signed a contract here. He signed up for was for well to in the queue of we'd like our guest him. I'm like acid. I'm not that genomics to the cute. Anyways, what? What is it? That's an excuse just a nice a measurement of what is What is the value for this dance? Please? Don't just guess no no. No, please please help us. What do you mean? I don't know. I'm from the hood, but I'm not give me a noun. 2010 1 1 not if you take it back a few years before I don't think I don't think is that too I think might be 234 said Lon it's probably less than a bag. Yeah, so might be to 34. So if you look at it if you look at our K 2010 it might be too technical 110 like mm and like before 2010. It was like 110, but you're taking back a few years back and I drink say this. 460 and then what's the core of 230 cool? So it's 1 1 5 just won't be less that we are you think about what Iran is doing some Market dealers are in Innovative, but they might say oh this is that non Coronas. Yeah. Protect you oh you get this you'll forget about your carotid artery. Yeah, a few bounces straight back. Well, but yeah, I'm I'm quite surprised at how hard the visor the public wasn't in terms of that what Megan said and stuff like what you were saying this whole thing about someone Sun for two and cue. Yeah. Are you still on that? Oh, yeah. Okay because I want it. That's the dumbest thing you had so I thought you were funding the did he story? I don't know. It's always something legit son. There's no something legit signed for that tunic you. Yeah, because I got high actually, you know, what? That's doing you. Oh, I remember this I'ma wear it. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that wasn't even that long ago. That was last year the year before that was probably last year. Yeah. That was that was uh, that was a long as you remember that yeah. Again, wasn't the N Sync like they did a documentary like obviously anything else. He's one was scary and sick of going on tour. Obviously selling Millions packing out Arenas. Yeah, they have like this dinner where we see my must have that the checks of that. Let me see your feet kid. They'll dig just I'm gonna feed my Throne he get my mom for bugs fucking idiot. Oh that is 20,000 pounds. I'm saying like in relation to sell a million records from TLC's 70 million dollars in sales. 50 Grand check each they're like, they ain't got no money and you know smart is all that Fame people wanting to harass you all the time thinking you could be Richard every get off me man. Exactly. You're all alone out here, but local drip boards and that's what this is what Instagrams like these days in it that bad people can have their followers in their money. Scary. I think that's the thing about what is so dangerous that for in terms of making sure your paperwork is straight and all that type of stuff. Is that once you Come accustomed to a certain lifestyle. Yes, for example, should I say you might get a mortgage out on your mortgage is mad? Hi. Like I don't recall some had one looks like a mortgage that two million a month, huh? I'm sorry. You can't afford to stop shout to them pairs because you need to eat them. Massive house only God knows how many family members you've got on the payroll. He's got our jewelry the might be paying and credit and just the last that you'll use them cause him to live in and obviously what's sa you get dropped from the label and money coming in like that. That doesn't necessarily mean your notoriety is gone. Yeah facts that demand when people tell them what I got for what Title for my room 104 rattling out for ya release and yeah, even when that's what was young joke, was it going doc someone recently and eyes they said they saw him being a cab jealous driver. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone's getting onto that. It doesn't change the expectations that people have I remember listening to krept and Konan. I think it was before albums the first album. Hello Lucas, um - it's almost like there's one point where they're like in a proper Crossroads do We go back to the Rose or what because they're like we're so popular but we're not making money. Yeah, and I like we're too popular to work in McDonald's or something like that because then that will impact the music and also like a proper laptop. Obviously it's time to status. It's not even a risk. I'm glad that they Mash a bus but it's even a risk of life because even if you are so over KD other day, what's his name RS is an imperative code. Yeah kind of yeah, so an interview of him the other day and he was even saying like June the whole Resting his his his house was getting like sort of her ass. Like people are knocking on the door saying our like we want to speak to RS and it's like what that's me. It's Hitler changes. It changes everything that expectation is different that like when you when you go outside, there's an expectation. You're literally on watch. I used to say to all my friends right? Like I got like I'll I'll meet people and I'll be like this. How many have you met someone over like this musician in? Shit because I saw them in Harrods and and they weren't smiling or they would be in a hill being this and it'll be in that like everyone's got a story of a celeb and it's like well, you don't know what it's like to live your life 24 station. Yeah, that's 24/7. You can't you can't be fed up. You can't have a bad day. You can't react bad if you're getting bad customer service and you react suddenly is what only watching what you did I have I think I've told you about this. I'm not sure if I've told you all about this once When one of my videos went viral, whatever I had someone I'm silent. I was even did like to boast but yeah, but like this one when I'm one of my videos going viral, I was in Oxford Circus and there was someone across the road like and I thought they were looking at me but I couldn't tell you I'm saying because they're not they're not putting her hand out there not saying anything. So I'm like I've sort of shrugged it off. Yeah, because you're like well, maybe they're just like looking in the direction or whatever. Jim's hands half carat carried on later. On that day on Twitter. I see a like a lamb. I'm a frequent search on my name. Yeah, I see some tweet along the lines to paraphrase. That was like I don't need gold guy thinks he's all that like he couldn't even stop to say hi. I defend those people like know as are not those people that I defend like you the people on the other side of it because one time I saw some guy like Wireless and she's a model and she was like, oh, I just ran into Jordan Dunn and like I asked to take a picture, but she was just that she's just chilling. Then and she's like I just thought it was a bit and I was like, maybe she's tired. Maybe she just wants to be with her. She will have fun even and the Oxford Circus thing another somebody I knew was what they said that they saw Patricia bright and don't like oh like I'm a big fan of your channel and she was that thanks for that. She's on her phone trying to make something happen and she was that and she wasn't really engaged with me. That's not how it works. She doesn't have to engage with you every time someone comes up. She's done her job like her job is to content. She's create online not offline and it's not just that like a lot of people on this are but they gave you shit. Like they the fans or who gave you the career and like everyone's extremely grateful for that. Of course. However, you're only seeing the one interaction that you're attempting that you're not seeing the hundreds that have already occurred like imagine living your life where everywhere you go brother everywhere you go. Remember I'm Justin Bieber was getting pissed off because like fans wouldn't there's one point. He just started bringing everyone video. Yeah, like he's an SUV at something like put a like a gift into the SUV is As we just thought you threw it back up. Um, could you that must get from I watched I watched the video of him like recently and the comment were the kind of swirl at pay attention to how people interact when you first see him and then watch because if he was too because he obviously recently hasn't reacted negatively and they said if you reacted negatively everyone would have gone mad, but look at how people start the convo with him bro. It was a video of him and James Corden if you can search on YouTube doing some burger van tinga everyone started the convo phone. It in his face not even like a hey, can I take a picture as in like, I'm me Justin Bieber's I'm a start like this. No. No. All right. No like Oscar Isaac and I'm not it's just that I'm not seeing you face-to-face. I'm seeing your phone before I see your face. Oh, yeah, like when I'm with my cousin and it gets me mad and he's just like chill, but I'm just that no it's irritating so we could be sitting down or whatever. I haven't having dinner. We've been having dinner as a family somebody will come up to like a section and then be like, they'll come with their kid and be that are there big fella He's eating his dinner. So don't have to be like security section off or will be sitting down were at the airport, whatever and everyone sitting down taking a picture and people be like nah, can you stand up because that's how I like the picture. I'm like you yeah, I'll take what you're given. He's not not be as cool. I'm not it's not really cool for me Buckle, but I get that that's what comes with it. And it's not even what you can say is phone because everyone has Fame to a certain extent with social media, but what people think of you I just I really stand on the side of the 30 in this I think it's just incredible levels of entitlement if I'm a football on my job. I am paid to play football. I've already entertained you I'm here to our family that that people just how could how can I when do I get to be human? Yeah. Yeah why I like just because I happen to be extremely more talented than it's true. That's the really just because I happen to be actually more talented than everybody else. I now have two I'm not able to function as a human being when people say that's actually that's what you signed up for. No. No, sir. Sounds like he's bored when I went gone. Uh, and we run into Skeptics active and be running to skip town with our skepticism. We went inside and then schedule so that no, I'm just chilling listening to music and I remember going back to the hotel. We were all in the lift and they were like a matter was that that's the job you signed up for I said, no, he didn't like he's not here. I don't even think he was performing I said, he's here to chill. Let him it's not okay, but sometimes until you stand on the other side. You don't see like how annoying it is. Yeah sugar. You're so obviously following your surgery. Yeah, like so yeah flipping what I'm saying is yeah. I remember watching I think it was somebody like TMZ so I don't know about Russell Westbrook. He just signed a contract extension, Oklahoma City. So you got like a massive contract and he's just out of these Mumsy just him and his mom and I can't restaurant and he's coming out and people at frantic but she's like if he could see he'll get out. He's like I'm with my mom can I not have a meal with my mom? The issue is people are like when am I gonna get the chance? I see it from If science because people are saying when am I going to get a chance to run into you again? I'll be like never bitch. Okay, how about face, you know made for this Faith love and honestly, I just think it's like see me. I've seen of a like celebrities and stars are I'm not alright, that's all I'm so and that's it. Yes argue that you're privileged because you left for instance. I was okay. One thing I think about is we don't I think celebrities is one of few things where people don't take into consideration. Personality types, like in every World. Everyone would be like, oh, yeah that person might be shined up estimate, but everyone's like no this your job. You have to entertain everyone even when you're not onstage jams him, but then also there's the argument that We might like we grew up in church, we grow from trouble you we grew up where the people that are outside London. They're celebrities what our Brethren mmm. So to the probably Honestly by the time I was like 16 I don't know. I don't think I ever got Starstruck before but I haven't I can't think of anyone. I've been Starstruck by and I think that was because the in London there was almost an O'Malley of people that have done great things like how she's someone and be like, oh, that's also not really Star Struck once he's a policeman goes I was something Now we um, I don't think we so even when I meet people from outside of London and I'll be having no more combos Delphine come name-dropping or showing off and I'm thinking oh no to us. These are and I guess with what I do as well like the people I'm around are usually doing things. Are you? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We live in London. So it's a whole different ball game as well. Yeah. Well like these are our friends you're saying so sometimes you got to take that into consideration by the same time it does. I mean you have to it doesn't mean you have the right for anything like cool. I'm not gonna disrespect you. Yeah I'm saying but it doesn't mean that you can turn around and say whatever you want know what me personally. I feel like you should leave people alone. But duck the fan that's like that comes on a polite one like that if they just like it's somebody's eating. I think that's an automatic. No go it's always eating a saint. It's almost with their family personally. I've known as well. Yeah, but if it is less time than I you catcher catcher young Stefan Diner in like a selfridges like Maybe just a little higher. I'm really offended you'll do you mind if I take a picture of you and if she's not I'll know just be like respect for these are saying not just run up. Like if you're big, you're big 11 plus will definitely grow like I just understand on both sides looks even because we watch football a lot and I always think to myself like football fans have zero to little understanding the majority of his Earthly understanding how human these people that's how people say to me are wiser. How come so and so calm Play like he's not paid 50 that like some will be injured like their Uncle broken left bagua and over. Like how can we not exactly not pay playing? He's getting paid like too much of Rex a week and it's like that's what 200 racks doesn't count does everyone see ya billionaires will stay alive forever some of them try to yeah. How many heart transplants here? My mouth was I going to say that's your minds be the one time right that when I was at Uni chipmunk came to perform at my you You got hangs out all the people who do like the the tools because obviously sick way to make some money but like yeah chipmunk performed. Obviously, he's really good. I like his music. So then after now he's chilling in one section. I was before I came up we got to him and I can't remember what I said. Yeah Cartman what he said, but even before I got to him he like put his hand out on the side. I like no pictures. Also, I don't want to picture. I literally just wanted to say that like, I love your music and he was like, oh, thanks, but I guess it was I guess it's that feeling of like not again. Yeah, exactly. Not again. Like you just you interpret what people are coming up to you for and then when I first touched down in Ghana and I was with my friend shy rustling under tutus podcast, then I couldn't believe it. Yeah and literally two different people in one night came up to me to different people in one night came out to you first night. I landed and was like, oh hey and I literally asked me for like Finance advice and one was in the club and she was like, I'm so sorry and I was just I can't I couldn't believe it because Listen - and I cried like I've covered children. I work with his party. It should I slow so this last five high school? I love this. I love that. Mine's. Oh shit, like keep going like you're no other form and the youngs if it's all right with me to this day because I'm I'm just like moving Rod Osman won't bun like cock how much I asked Michael Finance survivors would imagine trying to shock you like? Nothing's working right now just came over x-bar people come to thee Rob's I can consult for this stuff. It's me just pose. Yeah, I was doing it the other day in the car. I was helping my cousin is some stuff for rescue machines. That was kung fu literature talks is he talks in it's not toxic, but then you don't get on suggest you like. No, but that's who I am and I feel you talking poetically is who you are in just learn another. That's who you are. This guy's a fraud. Yeah. Get it off and I want explosion Jesse you are telling me we talked about like genius things every day. And as you come to tell me something what you mean, you're making it sound of miles across the far side was he sad because you don't care about your bride. What did he say least that the group that you don't care? Not that you're the best exposed the group to is this see ya and that he will never apologize, but I know He apologizes you I'll be very fearful. Sometimes I think to myself. Oh my gosh, I can just see better things go well for us and this is like I'm not on apologizing. Oh, no, I'm so grateful. I'm not that your crust and the word. I'm so grateful for I wouldn't have gone into this pod two years ago with aisle. Oh a hundred percent, but there's a reason for it. Yeah. I think there's always been different Trends in social media and two years ago. It was the outrage wins. Now. We're at a We're at that Stephen at the outraised stage are when outraged wind stage are there were still people underlining that were like laughing at these at these these people or whatever but behind the scenes, you know, we have to do in group chat somewhere that that's why I'm so happy that you're seeing things like laughing at. Dr. Kemar Johnson is normal because two years ago. He was considered a genius. Well, I started a group chat would have been like what the hell is this? But now what it is is there's different lines of thinking that okay. There's enough confidence for us to be able to say whatever we want. So similar to like the other day was talking about how like guys experiences in relationships like the negative things. We can actually say, you know, like all that stuff about like the presents that we don't like the things we don't like doing why different aspect because no one said I you know, I don't like to buy my chocolate because people like me and other people were supposed to like not okay people is not cool. He's not except to talk about it because people are asked what I could talk about it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and I do admire that I do admire people that like stand strong regardless of what the crowd is doing irate that yeah. That's that's why he's always bitching and I think like when we actually look at what happens. Yeah, like it's different ways to get a bag in its different ways to get your platform out there that is different markers. You could be two super duper Piaf friendly machine. You can just be a bit more realistic you something about if you even listen to that some of the podcasts that I've learned that if you just their their content is some of the stuff you think he's a bit mad. It's gonna be on TV because I'm saying yeah, I know you got to be true to yourself This is why I'm saying I don't think canceling is possible. Now know the reason being is similar to what I was saying earlier is that there is now an You got anybody actually be successfully canceled. No, but okay. I can answer that people have believed that their canceled and now just given up. Well that's different from actually and that's what about say there's an audience for anything. So you mess up there's even an audience for what you messed up in. Yeah. Yeah, I'm saying if someone's like oh this whole time that are you guys mad rude there's an audience with you black. Just want to hear disrespect. Yeah another. Yeah, I got you cuz I'm a bit like that sometimes I'm just that or whatever II can't be for everyone. I'm just like especially with women and And I'm walking I always say it's about girl empowerment or all Dem Tings there but if you don't like me, I just say block me back Sis because I don't have your time like it's not it's not that at the end of the day. It's like oh, yeah. I must be so grateful for everything. Thank you guys, or if I'm have it night. Like if I'm having a bad day and you want to ask me about financing some that no not now or send me an email or a say no are you think because a couple of people have tried that with me? Are you think you're too big to do this or don't get too big field Asti, you run over me and I remaining I am big don't know me. Called Runner don't forget. It's your mom Brixton and we can go around the corner. This is silly like where people know people love to run that and you know people just try and project where they think you should be or how you should ask ya how and I'm like big money. Like I'm not like I'm actually grateful that I don't get that energy for people to find out we arts and some people that see some people send me lots of put one I got I don't know. I can't reply to thank some people also Financial advice and I always say my podcast I don't give a Financial advice because if it hits the fan listen cut don't call me don't cry beg. But um, yeah for like, I don't know I'm the people I approached me and stuff. They are by a largely pretty cool song grateful in that regards. But yeah, I do B of both of you is I don't come and admire somebody and what shows your friends? Yeah, don't come into my somebody and like maybe ask for advice or something because you didn't get a response that youthful that Deserve you've now done a full 180 and belittled and try to bring them down because we're all that energy 20 seconds ago when you were at school. Yeah. I mean, I think I'm blessed probably but yes, I'm blessed. I probably got the nicest fans of any of my bedroom alone. This was way too high. But I know I know me and with my sit with us get to my blog gardening go and I'll Retreat to happen at so that I didn't even know that about me. He's not so big as scheduled 20 minutes later. You're after the Off The Hook from exactly how many times the latest and one than that Bill Cosby stuff came in and he posted something like who? It is caused by our CEO Scandal. I'm like, yeah, don't worry. If I'm just put your phone down, you know, go speak to your family come back out a couple of days and he's gonna keep changing. That's my dinner. I was going to say actually, you know, how we talk about when we talk about contracts and in the beginning, I guess in the beginning of any door, they don't have like a lot of money or even after a while. They still don't get a lot of money. I remember that there was a clip on time of Rihanna and she was getting Punk'd and then they will Like do you have any money because you did this and she was just like you're trying that we never did it and they're like, do you have any money and she was just like and she started and shows us that I have a credit card and that's when I was just that broader them times. It must have been like you were living off of company credit or something. You know, I mean, yeah and this yet I think initially before RS like we're talking music wise before they really start to hit them much getting Merchant doing their toes getting all different types of sponsorship deals. Like the stack might not be It seemed easy. I'm saying of course A lot of the times you don't have a credit card. Yeah, I do I do. Oh, I don't know why I thought you don't have one. I don't know why I don't use it. Have you ever used it? Yeah. Okay cool. But then have you used it to the point that you feel like your credits decent enough that if you wanted to buy a house because some people say you don't need a credit card to boost your credit to buy a house, but some people have been refused a mortgage or told to come back in six months for that. Very reason all really all in a day and you said no for not for not having So for example, if you say I don't know saved up 50k if you want a house in London the like yeah, I'm ready. And this is how much my salary is getting cool cool. Cool. They're like, yeah, but you've never taken out any credit. Yeah, even more crazy that everything does add adversely affect you but your credit history doesn't just include credit card. Yeah can include things like your phone bill and utilities. What do you know that in 2020 and they'll 68 million credit cards? Creation date on what's the population? Wait? Where was this? UK? Yeah. 68. What? Yeah 68 million. Did you say? Yep, let me read it out to you right now. She said I'm like you could even assume that some people have to work. It can be seen at the total number of credit cards issued in the UK remained relatively stable during this period reached a total of approximately sixty one point zero eight million cards issued as of October 29 said 68 he who's that? Who's that from? This sauce statista status lamanites. That is the status of anyone that doesn't know about credit scores essentially credit scores is like your trust a trust system. Yeah show how good you are with paying back what you owe? Yeah, some people see as free money and that's why when I do workshops and people say should I get a credit card? I literally sent the now I say, it depends on your financial discipline before I used to say. Yeah get one. Everyone's Financial discipline. It's different even Warren Buffett and Dave Ramsey there like Dave Ramsey says credit cards are the devil Warren. Buffett is like forget it and I'm now at a point where I'm just like yeah, don't use it because a lot of people can see as free money or money that they don't really have to pay back. Is that getting an overdraft on your student? Because I even if his name isn't Warren Buffet, What it's just it's just that jerk is fine. It's fine. Okay, cool. It's fine. Go on. Yeah, I do linking back to that. The music is fashion a contract will talk about before remember hearing about the Black Card American Express black. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and it had like No Limit it so, you know you hear about people and that's what used to really Hey Pam, certain rappers because imagine you just got this card here. You pull it any press 1 2 3 you have access to anything. I'm fine, man could buy a cost of over the existed back in the days that jumps at you like buy anything but you're thinking and also because you're thinking oh, yeah, my records do this decent now be able to pay off the digital. But when money is let's say when it starts getting dry. You've got this black car. You've run up about five million pounds worth of debt on it from credit when you're when you're working for yourself is so dangerous. Hmm when you're when you're not certain of your income and its border Land Based on confidence and a strategy, even when you are certain on your income your cheeks, you could lose your job any plan. Yeah, exactly and I see some people and they use that as a backup. Like I've had some clients be light or I'd use it as an emergency and I'm like no because that emergency is costing you more in the long run than if you just had an emergency fund, but I think it's just about how you see credit. Like I always assumed something like when Jay-Z says something like was better than throwing money in the strip club credit and you'd think once you get to Jay-Z's level like how important is credit, but some people are literally asset rich and cash poor do not I mean, that's why they say that cash is king So I think even at Jazzie's level you've still got to worry about credit. Yeah, of course that if cost is an Avenger he wants to do naturally he don't really he might not want to put in Mad Capital something true. But even that the biggest life private Equity, they'll put in a little bit of capital leverage to rest and make The money something so credit is always gonna be quite as always going to be important to you. But um, it's funny to know about credit scores like that is your trustworthiness like they should they should have that goal should do that for that how much I trust that person that all what's your credit score firm be that would be that would be so in that goes out that goes out the window might make that that would be that would be don't cut it out cut it out. That's funny what guy from either goes back up. Yeah. And whoever wants to create this you don't do that, but no one's still done it. Don't worry. Nobody trying to tell you I did this you I'll try to you about in five years. You're good at all. Do you know what? Yeah, I'm sending him back here. Well having a credit card and paying it back on time. Paying your phone bill could even add to it. Yep. It's even little weird things. I think you get like a depend on what company we will experience you get like extra 30 points for like having your name on the vote in rigid. Yeah, even stuff your ID even stuff like direct debits bouncing adversely affects your yeah, but if I had had the issue, I didn't know that. Oh, yeah by default it when I was in uni, and I didn't know it was six years. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. That's it. Like York your credit report and everything it renews. So you start again. So I was doing I was it everything everyone was telling me but I'm afraid of slacks bit different. I was thinking I was thinking about credit scores are racist from like I was baffled yet. And then what did you default on the wholesome was just like you missed a payment. What's the matter? It was like from those even watching the parent feels like a pond but you know, it's not like I did one go. I did what I did one because I was I think I'll second. Mm. Yes, I was second second year chaplains the second year and I was trying to do the just a student loan team and not do. External ways of making income got you. So you want to study don't know you working. Yeah, it's not like my mom was telling me just focus on whatever you'll be good. Uncle that when when when shit hit the fan. I was a Colour I was too prideful to go back and ask my family for helping him. So I'm just going to take out one go alone. And then hopefully I can just pay it back in it jumps in and I was paying it back what the percentage is will not I didn't I didn't know how my black obviously I could read God's about to Megan actually maybe. I was looking like one bar confounds of yeah, I saw one the other day. Was it cool die O Come O Come loans. I saw it. I was just watching itv2 I swear to it was like twelve hundred percent APR know it was 1 3 to 5 now. I actually remember I was a tape. Do you know how mad that is? If not, it's not anyone anyone that's listening. Yeah, if you are ever tempted to get like a payday loan, please don't don't like take the Alternatives first. I'm not gonna say what the alternatives are. You can figure out whatever you want Oscar. Friends ask your family. That's what I'd like to see him Jefferson. Even an even just a normal overdraft would be better if your credit score is still intact, like contact your bank manzo's seem to have the easiest one you can get look at money advice. So this is from money advice service. It says over a year the average APR on a payday loan could be up to fifteen hundred percent compared to 22.8 percent APR for a typical It called. So for everyone who doesn't understand if you use the typical credit card, it means for every hundred pounds that you spend is basically going to cost you about a hundred and twenty-three pounds if you round it up, but then if you were to get a payday loan is something fifteen hundred percent if you got out something like a thousand pound learn, I don't know why this matter isn't coming to be quicker. But it could be a Madness basically. Yeah, 15 Rex 15 lakhs is a bit mad depending on how long you have exactly six months would be as wide as if it's like, I'm 24 months ago. But yeah, so you'll watch the Cash Converters. They'll still take don't give you free part looks test fam. I did catch the cache buffer as a while because usually I always wondered if you've got to rub your back by seven pounds. Big bad, I gotta go cash converters used to try and quietly. I'll call if I will go sleep with that cash covid as peer fresh off a cash cow over to buy a half to go after bigger extra fifty five people. That's about the size brother. Our stylist at number four pounds conversano violating both from and the next accomplished or 28:9 but not as easy if you're if you're ever if you're ever struggling Glenn you need a payday loan Go Elsa. I was fighting also try exhaust all other all together. See ya. I don't want to say don't do it because obviously I don't know but Strat exhaust any of us are draft credit cards, like and that times those are at the back end of it if I could. Yeah. So from was yeah and don't let your pride as most so front. Don't let don't let your pride make it looser. Everyone's got silence will go and don't let your pride. Yeah, don't let your pride make your financial decisions for you as well again myself. My thing was I didn't like now my credit score is like really really good. But at the times I was just um, this guy's gonna by the time this is the last few teachers at the time is priceless Adams. He he he Anyway, okay. That's all the time. I was in the moment in the moment. You're not thinking about how much this will impact you in his own I was dead. I was that free four years after taking out that loan with the amount of money that I could have. I could have double paid back that thing but because I'd made that decision for years ago, and I said, I wish you need to learn about credit scores it well how much money you have in your account does Packed it slightly, but it won't you can't pay to get rid of that default. Yeah, once he CJ actually pay back the full amount you could give them extra it's there for the next six years or so. It is their job done Jim saying so sometimes we'll let our pride make these decisions for us. Like I don't want to lean on anyone else for help. Whatever. I'm going to have to take this option if there is another option there is another option to get your hypotheticals for your habit. Chuckles of our but I say I don't want to ask my mom. I don't want to ask my dad because I don't want him to think this and think that their fault might last for a day a week a month, maybe a year that that affecting your credit. Well, I was in I was in PE double thinking if they're going to let me have the contract phone jumps and yeah, that's when it gets do not in that when credit gets mad when you realize this even for not even tiny things for everyday thing though that that is that is Tiny things I'm saying. Luckily. I was never rejected for anything. Champs and and now obviously when it got reset and I was cause I was already thinking as if to say I could have saved it. I was gone over the top with things to do to replace it. Yes, correct it so when it's shut up shut up high. Gee I'm saying and then from there it's just about consist like even little things Experian. You can pay 15 pound a month and then they give you more detail and it shows how they give you the report clearly how to raise it. Yeah. There's Credit Karma an order. Those things like your credit score is so important in any form of borrowing that you want to do because even something like getting out phone contracts as a form of borrowing isn't it's basically agreement to say yo, are you going to show up? Yeah, but there's bad different types of credit cards. I think maybe an another point that will definitely go into it but like balance transfer cards reward cards because people are like what type of credit card should I get? But I'm like, okay. What do you like would you need a credit card for because some people will say something like oh, I've got 3,000 pounds. credit card in the apis like I don't know 50% I'm just like ok cool there maybe you want to look into a balance transfer and that's usually basically what that means is that if you balance transfer is you only pay zero percent balance so you only pay what you owe you don't have to pay the interest on top but if you've never had an issue with credit and you trust yourself call you've got the financial discipline to have one you enjoy traveling why not book your flights you book your flights on your credit card and then you pay off that way you can get rewards and it like think about when you say you only pay what you owe so a balance transfer essentially removes the APR yeah but you may have to get a few may have to pay a fee a one-off fee to get transferred so it could be like I don't know two percent of your overall balance to transfer it over but then you can get a zero percent balance transfer so if you owed like a thousand pounds on 40% API if you transfer over and your credits and your credit score is good enough they'll let you do it and you pair of 2,000 pounds you no longer have to pay off the interest every 30% API net essentially means over the year you're paying for 80% of like say the 10,000 homes. So then if you get like a balance balance transfer a balance transfer, you're moving it say this is one called immunity from one side to the other. Yeah, but some think I know some people do and this is where like you don't want to get caught out is people sometimes they don't close the other account. They just leave the other account open and of course it makes it look like you have more available credit, but if you don't trust soft and now you've got to credit cards and I know people who do that they've like out of nowhere they've got to oh yeah movers have one I did a balance transfer their yeah but then it's like if you don't have the financial discipline one day if an emergency comes up and I don't know God forbid you were made redundant out of nowhere you're like do not let me just use this credit card because that one zero at the moment so with me I don't play with like dormant accounts if I don't really use it I'm just like yeah so that even now I'm just like here just one credit card in like just stays in the corner but I always say like you've got to have to find out your discipline because some people can just run it like it's free money and think about the consequences later but it's just it's so not worth it all such a bum I don't be jealous man difficult to change but I had extremely atrocious Financial discipline like every used to wear was cute she isn't a list of you know it's not actually your bags sitting right next yeah we said everything huh Child because you didn't you just know how to tell when people do I check on slope. I tried to stop him. Yeah, but um, but yeah I had so that learn and I'm still a work in progress because I think obviously when the more responsibilities you get the more evident the mistakes that you're making are because when less what if you have the responsibility is mine, I feel like a mistake, especially if you live in a home as Pagan while staying at home. Substantial but not substantial enough to like completely utterly pan being obviously if I had let's say I have no money left after DM BM FM of I live at home that I know there's gonna be jollof rice and stew like okay, there might be a day when this is finished using them at the bit tight must have a young in the mean that but outside of that like, I know I've got a roof over my head. I didn't have me for lunch. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. Sorry for leaving. What's up, whoever this is fantastic, obviously, like we live at home. You have a certain animal security terms of food, like utilities what type of stuff the older you get the more responsibilities you have and the more things you want to do like travel maybe your lifestyle. You become your taste of increases as you move out the door. That's my reason to y'all. Like this is the IV make on the yellow Ting do not slap. Do you not stop so it's it is difficult. But you it's something that you can't put off and I think four years like I kind of put off but no like the most part of the worst. It'll hard it is to rectify so its roots. Yeah, so just to close like I'm a big believer in marginal gains very so even if you're making slightly better decision on a day-by-day basis eventually become a way of life because I'm saying yeah, my sister saying everybody has a long-term Vision, but it's what you do in the short term day by day that adds up. Yeah and you need Patience. I I started noticing from my friends and people around me that a lot of our financial decisions routines habits or from our parents. You're definitely right for my parents. Yeah that we just never realize is even things that we sort of mock them about. We be like wait. I've actually I've got that trainer. So the more you again the more you're the more you work on these things they type day by day you'll be going Well as notes look like a love letter Justin, that's what that's what this you for that. He was just like what is this a wedding invitation said you liked my because he said it's just Corona notes. That sounds nuts. Yeah moved out and I'll touch a girl. So yeah, we're talking about financial discipline discipline. Well, we'll just come come from outside. And you know, what even on the chip catch it being it kill it. What have you done? You haven't done any of that. Wow could be in here with offenders School itself. It's called covid-19. I listened to classical FM in the morning proposition. That's what the nation biofilm Coronavirus. So called covid-19. Anyway, the outbreaks getting kind of serious. I just saw into it that it said it's now 87 people. I don't know what that's going to be by tomorrow by the end of the week or by the end of the month, but I don't know about if this thing is really going to be a pandemic hat first. Yeah, it didn't seem to be that serious, but now people are coming to me like yo yo, yo what stocks to invest in because I heard the stock market's going down big man, if you've never in fact invested in stocks don't come check for my now in it. Delilah we ought to be but everyone's down everyone stops this down at the moment so it's one of those things where yeah I made some notes actually about and to explain that why the Corona virus would like affect the economy so people understand so if you think about where it started from which is China there's obviously a population of around 1.4 billion if you got a thing like things like factories are shutting down that means Productions down so Apple has already decreased iPhone production and as a result they've had to read reduce they've had to reduce their earnings on black their reports of what the looking to make Tesla has Tesla has a place in Shanghai that is had to shut down because of coronavirus so like this is how it affects the accompanying you've got to think like these are top top companies imagine what it's like for other people hate to do this to you ladies but think about like we're boohoo boohoo boohoo sauce from that Manchester and stuff but if they did start supplying from China and things like that you might be thinking they might be thinking actually we don't want any anyone soon Also things like that, we're gonna have to shut down. So that means B whose earnings are down. So that's just an example of how it affects the economy because obviously all those businesses collated. Let's run towards our foundation is yeah one call today at work. She was just like yeah, I just ordered a new wig I said, is it worth from I was looking at her life. I just had no don't worry soon as I get I'm gonna do I'm gonna wash it thinking all that that don't flick her hand next to mrs. Barlow's backwards as well as well as back room was crowded City be someone cough that one someone like cough door. Sneezed or did the middle part at one point and every one of them and I was just like everyone's scared now and then everyone started laughing groaning wigs are coming to the UK breath. God forbid. You might want to stop where the Bally's the links below. this is mad scary as well when you think what people do someone said the other day they saw they saw a guy lick the glove and then like purposely like wipe the hand rail on the tube another guy he sneezed into his hands and then just touched a real listen when I said listen be washing your hands when out as soon as I get home first thing I do as soon as we step into Brent Studio that's what I do you don't need to be wash your hands and that in general bar Corona I'm so listen when Naomi Campbell was doing that video and everyone thought she was mad of her doing this on the airport and things like this what I mean on the scene yeah with the that always how tight Naomi Campbell brother is doing too much do you see much now everyone's following suit now niomi sinking heart and everyone's using them while I say since you're so heavily on my side so what about the blood of Jesus was a fool but his real name amen amen secondly Corona 95,000 people have it that's like probably just over 3,000 percent of your side if you're elderly or one All nature but you're not - not even so like what you said about what I said about about Corners having and it's actually massive. So obviously China is one of the biggest markets in the world. So but I was mentioned Tesla an apple like Hyundai Toyota Volkswagen of shut down factories. So like is really impacting supply lines and not only just that is also impacted like consumer confidence because obviously people are scared and not kind of go out to restaurants on And bars, so it's impaction everything and also because it's pecan that Italy I think we're talking off of that. They were thinking I'm not sure if it's official now, they might shut down schools and colleges in Italy and those are two biggest. Yeah. Those are the two biggest markets for luxury fashion man in terms of markets and production. So like even better designer stuff, you might be touched up in like Italy and France were bare feet still initiates from China. So like all the all the big fashion retailers. yeah I'm at the old like quite rattled about it because it's my some indifferent air traffic people age when I fly cause like I was looking at it was in a glutes as two bills for a flight to channel yeah Don yeah I'll still not risk it for a chocolate Miss Italy confirmed today that they're shutting down all schools from Thursday shut down all scores from third day for 10 days to is that it would you people are flying lessons answer its impact and she didn't say no but I probably let me I'm trying to help young Segway was supposed to end like this is Barbara I've had that travel companies are facing the worst that Delta Airlines American Airlines that their stock is down by seven percent obviously travels not happening and it's not even things like travel to and from China is that business meetings and stuff so apparently travels taken that the biggest hit right now which is a Mazza British Airways owners ihaia G this is from The Source proactive investors there are top loser in the ftse 100 anyone we spoke about the ftse 100 you lot should know what it is by now top 100 companies on the stock exchange yeah financial times as he said and this dropped its drop by it drop by 11.1 percent over five days and that was from February 24 to 30 28 so absolute Madness that's half of a bear Market So been talking about market is when if stocks dropped 20% from fevers hose that is like a massive massive impact and then that all she does tighten with investors going to roll out the streets has done. So if a for stop to drop 11 percent in five days, that's not such as Panic you have to remember that's over a hundred companies. Yeah, that's what people need to understand that it's not just one companies over a hundred companies you got nothing but time and time again. I tell people this is a great time to buy obviously man's on Vanguard and that be You let yeah that's on one water prices change what that means is obviously you can buy more and you get more for your money. Yeah, because stocks were quite starts with heavy inflated. So this is this is not advice because if you catch our you're still a big issue in Houston, so comment DMV big mad because I will leave you a message request the DS for the bad day at the Gorge. I'm Jonathan on on that day. Individually individually, how do we all go about buying shares? I would what do you guys sign up to an investment platform? There's no need which ones do you guys use individual traditionally? I use hockey fans down but this I've listened to a podcast hashtag the last three digits or hashtag TLC D XI and then you brought her app called free trade free trade. Yeah and look really cool and I cycle so that you know what? This might be. He's never signed up for future die stapling it down. so for anyone Robin Hood UK's coming they may have more access to and better better stocks obviously I want to start investing in marijuana but as a podcast for another day on top we invest in stocks or to be like on the strip mine ain't got time for this shit no no my workshops get into investing at the end of the day your savings are doing Nish on 1% like got no seriously Marcus by Goldman Sachs is out here doing one point three five percent they sent me a long-term game that's what you have see when you're looking at investing it can't be like yeah put money in today and then in six months time I'm expecting something to happen however in saying that my brother invested sexy shares and Tesla think I said it when it was 180 then he only put quite a bit of money in and then six months later it Rose to 40 and he pulled his money out if you've got a stocks and shares I see you what that basically means and you put your money in that way it basically means is that is now tax-free so that's 300 per share if you put 10 shares and that's even free ground if is Jared that's 30k that you've made tax-free Howlett that's not for anyone that's I'm starting out and shade in shares the reason I'd recommend free trade is people like me it's not it's not complicated in terms of how it looks etcetera it gives you like a gives you a basic understanding on I guess a bit of I think the last year of the company so I'll show you like the last year of the company Etc either the chart of it are you can buy it and said it cannot be review I said I think I said it I'll be it reminds me in Instagram Factor that's really good shot free trade so it doesn't feel like I'm being overwhelmed by numbers and stats like you can literally pick it up and what I suggest and then you can do whatever you want but what I did was like I started off by just being like 5 or 10 pounds I know there's some fact there's some apps for shares that do you like play money so before you actually trade yeah it's like almost a demo account yeah you yeah I can't remember which app does that money box ex Money Box okay yeah but we're free trade I did with like if I think even on IGN you can get like a demo account trade with us and sharing with you and I having friends like accountability that people that are just cool with to not compete with but to look at these things together is lit because I have like my friends where after like a few months will be like a how much you made and even with like the Firepower shares or whatever be like who I lost 3 Pi gained 7 P or whatever and it gets your mind frame into iron for okay cool let's do this big boy style gems and also what's also important is not just like jump in the restaurant wave on the yellow ticket because that is the market so you want to be following things so I'll say BBC News is pretty good they don't go into extreme details but it's very good sir to follow you can even just even search content on YouTube you can go back you could go like Investopedia so any words you don't understand they could go and Google recipe Dia and then also there's that we could listen to podcasts are ours this alone makes money weekly from the ftse got a bunch of good resources just use resources around you and just just to get your knowledge or because you don't want to just be doing your love your money but yeah but definitely look into because when you think about some of the money that you've wasted like even me sometimes have you ever bought something like a million let you know what I mean was kind of dead like I had Wasabi steaks I could evolve to cook yesterday and I saw her r59 thought that was trash like that could have gone yeah that could have that comfort that could that could have gone towards off in the film saying so yeah and as as I said before little things that add up and they add up bit by bit that's what you look gotta realize it's all about the long-term game that's actually might have just gone into free trade now and I'll talk about what one of my investments so for example I invested in serious serious minerals mine and but then I just got a message where has it gone and it basically said it basically said that that company has been that company has been bought by another company so as yeah it's it depends but basically basically said if to take over as approved you'd no longer be a shareholder of serious minerals instead you would receive cash in replace of your shares under the terms of the offer shareholders of this company would receive this amount of money per share which is sick because it now means that I'm making more than I paid for it and that's exactly why I seek to invest so obviously this all started from a talk like talks about Corona but you've got to think the fact that Corona is affecting economies if yeah it's affecting everything so basically this is a sick time to profit off of it and they always say like investors Panic at this time but the more and more I read about like when I realized the intelligent investor and stuff they always say what's that song by French Montana Don't Panic don't so okay no sir and regardless of regardless regardless how much money you have I'm looking for answers now yeah I think I said it before I once bought a TV shows just because I thought okay now violently probably something I love Island would impact it Jim selling make it look all whatever profit or whatever but again you get the bigger the higher you get the bigger the reward what you said about five pounds ten pound that's also known as like it's not exactly the same thing but it's also known as like there's like the dollar cost averaging strategy or you can call it the pound cost average and strategy because that's our currency so just little bits if you put in bits over time like that and you since different things than your then your lip and that's obviously we spoke about ftse 100 and the fact that it took a Pam in of 11.1 percent over the last the last week in February what that obviously means is if you invest in those hundred companies right now they're kind of lit but obviously we're not giving Financial advice out here people are always people always looking for the direct plug when man's living in her Mansion yet don't say that we never put you on in it because security so I'll let you in on just remember everything you're seeing everything efficacy in on a day-to-day is probably impact in the market and the more you get into that so if you're interested in something so you're interested in sports look at how how you could profit off of that as well like the things that you love it seems that you love that you don't need to join to make money from G I'm saying like you people are like Drop it into like fashion and and and all of that stuff on TV whatever the more you know about it might be the better decision maker you are with regards to share Real quick Corona update was it a covid update should not be swaying. Yeah, so fly be or flee. I do not pronounce it Fly be Britain's biggest domestic airline has warned the government. It could collapse within days after a slump in bookings triggered by coronavirus days. Yeah, so that my company could be one of the first to like hit the magic. Can I become I wish I might if I wish I - no no, no, no. No, but like my personal thing is that obviously it's not a bad thing when your stocks go down because like I said, it can mean that if you play the long game you buy more but big mounting is Sparkles coming back nothing's out of the bank's always called a certain degree in there but like but I'm so people up so people thought about Lehman Brothers and then one day they came to I came to work there man anyways he's done money talking about a whole company just disintegrated well this is crazy just current a virus it's not that I don't want to be couches mm yeah okay quite a cop's Grundy stock clutch these have been my big mouth disease now until it starts before anyone who is this like first I don't want to say at first it's all but it's not taken as seriously I guess before and apparently there was a lady in China I think a doctor isn't it was just like guys we really need to look at this and everyone was like now like not really listen to her and now he's taken off and look so hopefully I don't know how long this is gonna last but hopefully it doesn't get so bad but hang tight or my investors right now get your Stacks up Now's the Time bum let's go strategic finance and everything else in between do you like do you like that that picture I put together did you like that for us because I made that it was very nice I think she meant pitch so I said pictures it's been a long day and everything yeah D I'm ready leave it leave a comment if we should do an episode drunk by the way no I'm not doing it like you think you're on it and then you're not and then this will be out here editing things till 3:00 in the morning I don't anything I did that let's do it new got out of all of us I think you have the most protected brand don't you think yeah listen I just haven't said much I don't think he's even close friends I'm just like this isn't really an issue but okay you know the things you want most the way I'm close I'm really grateful with life so for instance even like with regards to I've never sorry Mark Zuckerberg no no but I mean for us is like I've never acted Mala Mala how about doing this no I mean it's not like I've never I've never liked the green circle is my is I'll is the thing that's why I started using so I want to chain like I don't wanna I wanna put my life if I don't post my life when it's just to be four people actually yeah well let's see if I went to see if I went to dinner or something let's say for one on a date on a green circle that that's what I do well your date's I don't yes on my dates chicken wings are fries we don't go and days once you let me let me the stakes are so people took it Draya last week here as she was like I want to get this year but look at his mother the back what did you say one time that tweet and I'm it still makes me laugh like any dress had something like she wants to have both Spotify and like another account like tidal Apple music but she said but Bala sources that's my money and this is gonna drag us all to find actual for us how do you say mr. hike history you know I literally feel like I'm do that when some people like why'd you do it so I did shout yeah I did a talk yesterday and it just happens to be in the JPMorgan board decides to go I met some great nice I'm great Queens out there know that why do you do what you do and I said I'm not being funny but when I saw time for all of us to settle down and have kids I want kids I don't want my kids to feel like they're the only one in the area that looks like them because we're the only one who's come up we need to be coming up together so my Jews get your money right it's all God even even the way but a poster you guys just another day another talk JP we're gonna back on our side sorry I stopped people try to be that are because somebody basically said like tried to be that be careful what you say in a podcast and stuff because of this I'm just like not gonna lie like I'm not changing for these corporations exactly like it's not identity it's not that we're out here on some drugs well I ever get my hat over listen oh yeah anyway are we gonna get serious about like using a hashtag because sometimes when people were people at us on like the last three digits on Instagram is was boiler what well has been getting into us in a group chat about using TL 3D has a hashtag year since the judge did we use it or not use it once big man because I can't be out here on my own look once you know what you'd be like a Mondeo afternoon and he's just in a voicemail obviously I've just been looking at the metrics give it a rest roll like we're not even on everything so far I didn't mean to I found my brother I'm in that is in every aspect is quickly because I'm putting a full outfit and sometimes you don't can actually screen record you know now screams coughs Dusty from I can't no seriously maybe we should ask people don't socialize like should we have a hashtag for the last three digits now we have yourself for our progress and that means you're a bad person so don't be a bad person don't be like neither what be that be a butler thank you guys so much for tuning into the last three digits we really appreciate it obviously this is like our fifth episode and we've already reached basically that 5,000 please we or and that's amazing to start with so we just want to say thank you were super grateful so continue stay locked in don't forget to write us on Apple one time I heard Oprah like promoting herself and I thought you know I who am I not to yeah you know people has a lie Rios on Apple please it makes all the difference follow us on Spotify and tell your friends about the last three digits anything anything you find funny share it on your insta your Twitter sure oh my gosh