Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the impact that that can have on our lives and on our community. So I'm really glad you're here. You're gonna love it. It gets crazy. Just how we like it. I'm sitting down today to talk with Scotty Louis Gotti. Will you just like tell me a little bit about yourself? What are you doing here? Why are you here today? My name's Scotty Louis. I'm 24 years old not a dating website. I don't know. There's so much to tell I'm a musician a worship leader. Grew up in Savannah, Georgia and moved here when I was 16 tier being Texas have been around a little bit, California, Memphis. Somewhere along the way ran into some mental troubles and turned and found out I had Lyme disease most of my life. So a lot of that is giving me a bajillion experiences. That have kind of God's brought me through them and led me to a place now of ministry that I never thought I'd be I thought you know what I was going through it either kill me or you know at best I would just live somewhat of a normal life or something. I don't know but now the words bring me full circle to use everything. I've been through that I get to talk to people so And then I found myself sitting in this chair talking about it today. Well, I'm really excited that you're here. I think talking about mental health is crucial for the church. Now if you read any kind of statistic anxiety is through the roof we have kids as young as four dealing with anxiety and stuff like that. So, I think it's appropriate And Timely to be able to have a serious conversation. That's also seasoned with like this is just Humanity like Don't have to be afraid to approach those who are mentally ill. We don't have to be afraid to approach Jesus with our mental illnesses. Like this is all a part of the power of the Gospel. This is a part of the compassion of Christ for his kids and just because we're suffering or just because we experience real difficulty like well, I'm not discounting that this is a traumatic situation always when you feel like you are not in control of your mental faculties. I can't even imagine Even the worst it's it has to be the worst. So I think being able to have real conversations which we always get to have Scotty. You're very authentic and genuine person. I appreciate that. I wouldn't talk about this topic with just anyone. So I'm really glad you're here and sharing your heart and just your story of how yeah, I'll just let you continue to tell your story. So I know that you when were you diagnosed with Lyme disease official this year last marker? No last March. So yeah. Year ago I was diagnosed with Lyme disease which was out of the blue but not a surprise since I've been processing looking back in my whole life. I'm going oh, you know, this is this all makes sense. You know, it's been since I was about 10. Oh God when things started getting weird, but we never connected the dots until recently. So it's been like 14 years or 15 years. Yeah coming up on 15 years that I've been dealing with this. But just this year fun fun fun, I would have with got a diagnosis and so can you tell us about what that was? Like, I guess you've grown up in a highly spiritual house the old like your dad's been a pastor for ever. He is the president of the Seminary I attended he's wonderful you have great parents who love the Lord and believe in the word of God believe God is who he says he is. So as a ten-year-old kid for the past 14 years. How did this Lyme disease present itself, or maybe how It hide because of other you know, when you have a highly spiritual household you believe in the spiritual realm you believe in the powers of Darkness you believe in all of these things. So you can't discount when you encounter something odd in your child even but yeah, tell us a little bit about that at first. Yeah, there's a lot of weird physical stuff, you know just on a strictly physical I had rashes and a lot of cognitive disability like problems at school. I would just stare at worksheets for a long time hours. And I physically couldn't do them. So school is very difficult. I didn't understand why I couldn't just do school the way everybody else. Could I felt like I was hitting my head against a wall and it was a lot of that but there was also, you know some random weird feelings. I had shooting pains in most of my life and I just thought that wasn't normal. I had some joint pain. Was crippling for a while, but it would just happen in season. So I'd never you know where I'd be. So exhausted. I went from being this very active Sports minded, you know, I was always playing sports kid and then I got tired when we would do like a Victory lap after soccer game. I would I couldn't, you know, I couldn't run a lap or two any of my practices. I went from being really active to just sitting and watching TV all the time and now, you know, I found out actually through brain scans that showed that you know the part of my brain that Controls executive functioning and all that stuff and one even if there is one part of the skin that did concentrating and when part the did resting and when I'm trying to concentrate it's like a butt like the parts of my brain that are supposed to like do executive functioning. Yeah just basically are like no like they shut off and you're not getting you no adequate blood flow to different parts and that's what you know part of Lyme disease that's gotten my brain. So the years it's manifested physically, but then mentally that's what started the men mental illness. It came out of nowhere. Yeah, so I was I was 18 and my whole life I had no I was so happy go lucky. Yeah. Yeah, and then all the sudden I was suicidal. I was depressed out of nowhere and I never had a lot of friends who dealt with it in a significant way and I'd walk to kind of in that with them. But I I had it hit me hard and that was around 2014 or yeah, 2013 really and then it's stuck and it's kind of been Been walking through that ever since that's been seven years now and then I mean recently, it's been it got worse. I was I was unable to walk. Yeah, a lot of cognitive disabilities. Lots of things like seizures more mental stuff, which is very very tired, you know can't make it upstairs. It's the list goes on. I mean to tell you what a bad day is like is would take a long time, but I'll just sum it up and say it's pretty bad. Yeah, I believe you I believe you. So talk to us a little bit more about when you say this depression kind of snuck up on you. I think people have people who don't deal with depression regularly or have someone in their life that deals with mental illness like it's hard for us to believe you. Does that make sense? It's hard to believe that just out of the blue some somebody just got the pressure happy-go-lucky Scotty just became sad. Yeah. I was you know, I was the worship leader. I was the happy I remember indeed sometimes if that was 13, I literally sit because everyone was sad and it was like deal with stuff and I was like, he's people said about I could not understand how someone who needs you knew Jesus could be sad. I did not get it. Yeah, and now I understand but it really just you know, I was in a tough situation. I was in a gap year program out in California and some people said some things that did some things that hurt me and I let that anger turn into bitterness. So it kind of isolated myself and experience a little bit of it but it's Progressive so I had a season that was hard and I didn't really see it. That way. I just know as isolating myself and but but I wasn't Birdseye you never know until you look back and you go. Oh, that's what it's doing. Wow. Yeah, but in the moment, you're just like I just kind of want to be alone. Like I'm not unhealthy and then it kept sneaking up then something, you know, I found myself. A spare more often but I thought there was a reason outside of my brain. I just thought oh, I'm despairing God why what's going on and then it got and then in the summer I was working a job and it just got to where I couldn't get out of bed. I had no motivation. I was physically really tired and part of that was Lyme disease but a lot of it was depression where I just remember telling my friends I said, I understand why people who don't know Jesus killed themselves because I was like, this is awful. I know the Lord. I know I know where I'm going. Yeah, I I just lit just want to die. Like I and it just wiped me out I end up getting fired from that job because I couldn't make it to work. I was late. So many times they were like, I got kicked out of the program because of that which is always encouraging when you're in a season. Yeah. I wish they had understood a little bit more what was going on, but they you know, I don't think they really had the maybe we'll call it training or understanding whatever to me. Yeah, and I didn't know how to advocate for myself or express any I just you know, I just left then I went to college music College in Tennessee and I could not get to class when I was in class couldn't I couldn't focus and I was so so depressed I couldn't get I couldn't do anything. I just laid on the floor. I felt worthless because I was like God, why would you want me to do anything good with you? How could you want me to do it something with my life when I can't even get off the floor. Like how could I possibly have Worth or value to add your promise and Gibson purposes that you're going to use? To further Your Glory? Yeah, you know the worship leader in you. Yeah, cause I can't do my homework. You want me to delete lead people in worship. How is this gonna work out? How are you gonna how do I both proclaim the goodness of God while experiencing the harshness of yeah reality like life reality? Yeah. I was like everything I'm saying is a lot. There's no joy in me Mmm Yeah. So how did you make that transition when you're you know, thinking about as worship leaders again like you do pro Enjoy and goodness and kindness in the mercy and the healing power of Jesus and in your personal life not experiencing the truth of that. It makes you feel really disingenuine. Like it makes it really difficult for you to do the thing that most likely brought you a lot of Joy. Yeah thing that that made you feel close to the Lord and fulfilled and using your gifts. Like that's all that's all a part of mental health, right? Like it seems like a mandate the the message that I was receiving from the church and because their malicious nothing bad on their part was that to follow Jesus You're supposed to be joyful and I haven't had my brain was it really able right physically chemically to feel that so since I've had to, you know, learn how to have peace when life is not peaceful how to have joy when there is no you and your brain can't feel Joy. Yeah. And what do you think about the spiritual aspect of that? Because it's easy for us to think it's cut and dry like it see Spiritual problem or a physical problem when in reality, it's typically both and we're having a spiritual and physical mental emotional and or otherwise, we are so complex and it's easier for us to say no. I hurt I hurt my ankle when in reality like when you hurt your ankle, there's emotional stuff that happens to you. It says, you know, I feel defeated. I feel less than because I can't accomplish. I can't be at my highest capacity that affects us mentally intern and so like the idea that we could help someone. How Silo ourselves and just function or request healing or say no I'm doing great. I just you know, I'm kind of in pain. Yeah, how do you kind of communicate what it means to be sick and love Jesus? Like what is that? Like, it's it really I mean it Fosters intimacy. If you're willing to be known you're willing to be seen for who you are before God to basically, you know to use them. God see your full spiritual emotional nakedness right and go here's me. Here's all of me. Yeah, you know it took me a while. It took me a while because I was praying God take this I believe in healing I believe the Lord, you know, how could God take this take it and he took it by progressively showing me who he is in such a way that now I can have the fullness of suffering in the fullness of joy at the same time because Joy is not something that that joy and peace or not something that you get to feel sometimes and it's so sweet. I was telling you earlier the joy that I felt this month and the piece even though I'm going through a lot right now. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Yeah and but the love that I felt from the Lord this month greatly outweighs all the years of suffering. I've been through and which is a lot of stuff but the truth is I got there through the suffering and had I opted out, you know had I taken my own life. I'd miss out on the sweetness I have now, but God No, I was saying God take me out of this hole and sometimes the light is at the end of the you know, people like the lights of the other title. And then they say that like be comforted like just magically feel better. It's like well no, you have to go through the tunnel there. It's a tunnel and you go through it and you learn and you grow but sometimes the way to the other side of the mountains not over or around or magically healed on the other side. It's through Fisher and it's hard and it's long, but the sweetness of you know, the gospel Jesus. You know, I'll come mean the father, you know will come live with you. You know, Johnny's it will come make our home in you and will send the spirit we have you know, God I'm afraid of God goes in you know lives with us and we don't have to do it alone. That's the truth. Is that sometimes you have to do it. Sometimes you got to do it. You got to experience it and endurance, you know, you have to endure but you do not have to endure ballon, right? You might have to be you know squished but you don't have to be You don't have to be demolished, even though I keep finding myself even in this past year and many times throughout the years at the complete end of myself. I am still alive. Yeah, I have not at no point. Have I I keep choosing to well, I wrote something a few years ago that I think was pointing at the time and still still is I went to a coffee shop and it was in a church and I was so depressed that day. I went to the store and I bought a bunch of alcohol about a bunch of whiskey to pour my coffee like go to a GPS. So I go to church I don't recommend it. Yeah self-medicating and I went and I'm coping by drinking in a church. Yeah, and I wrote and I wrote and I basically went face-to-face with depression and I realized the alcohol didn't help at all. But writing help I suggest everyone write as a coping mechanism just right but I got to the place where I said, you know depression, you know, if you're so strong I'm going to basically if I sit on my hands if I don't hurt me if I don't do anything, you know, you can't kill me. Yeah, that's good depression and and the spiritual forces behind it, and we can have a whole other podcast about the we have side of it, but it's weapon. Is you against you if I don't harm myself, you know, literally. Yeah, the weapon is. Not a weapon. I belong to the Lord this body. I've given it the Lord. I am entirely God's my life is not mine to take my body is not you know, really mine to harm. Yeah, and and if I choose to keep breathing I win sometimes you can run. Sometimes you have to sit sometimes all you can do is lay there and cry and keep breathing and That to me was Victory. I went so long as I have breath. I win depression has not conquered to you so long as you have breath in your lungs and and that is a choice. Yeah, I think it's poignant point out that you're the weapon. Yeah in this reality depression does not have arms depression does not have feet depression is a force of Darkness as Believers, we believe in principalities and and darkness that rules on the earth for a short amount of time and I think that as people as culture shifts like we're more aware of mental health were more aware of how important mind-body-spirit is even people who don't believe in Jesus get that like I need self care is really important if I want to be of any value outside of myself or even to myself right? Like if I'm not if I'm not well, I'm not treating myself. Well, and I think that's that's how depression can spiral out of control is you don't feel Oh well, and so you're not treating yourself well, and that escalates to such an extent that you're the one who takes your own lives. A lot of there's a lot of self-hatred. There's a lot of feelings of worthlessness and in the truth is their lies their lives that absolutely yeah, you know, and I'm speaking kind of a third person about me that I you know, that that you were believing there lies your believing there. There's some sort of lie that comes in and you or demonic thing that convinces you that harm yourself and the fact is I know that The enemy has been attacking me before coming here because this week and I'll be very vulnerable. I you know, I was just like using a pocket knife around my house and it's overwhelming desire to harm myself came and you know, that's something that has been long gone for a while, you know, but I just I felt an overwhelming and the thing is the lie comes in in in the way of an urge. It's like a urge it's like this is a good idea, you know, and I just Immediately recognized through because you know because I've been through this a lot. Yeah, that's not me. I'm I'm an adopted son of God, you know, I long for righteousness and goodness and the Lord the Lord hates that that's not me, you know, that's that's a lie and you know, just recognizing immediately. Okay, that's from the enemy. He's he wants that I don't want that. That's not me and I get to choose. Yeah, I get to choose life. I get to choose to say no to that situation. This is my body. Right, you know this is my body and I dedicated it. Yeah to the Lord. Yeah, it's not mine to hurts not mine to take do you think that culturally and I'm talking Evangelical being Believers in a western culture that it is more difficult because of the shock of that process back to saying if I believe in Jesus if I am bought with a price if I am synced if I'd and in the process of being further sanctified. On my way to be with Jesus be more like him as I'm on the earth. Why in God's holy name would I ever have a thought in my head to harm myself? And I think it can be, you know, you have a negative thought like that and then you have self-inflicted shame and you think how could I have a thought like this and that spiral of of heaviness and guilt and shame that is so not our inheritance as Believers it's hard for us to be able to draw a line and say that was a bad thought and it was not my thought or that came into my head because I'm a human being living in a fallen world. And this is the Enemies game. The enemy has come to steal from me to destroy. She literally wants us dead. He'll me. Yes, like not not dead like he wants to make you feel he wants you dead. He went through life and nothing can convince you to take it yourself snuff out your life. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I almost said to me many times. I've been I've been in that place a lot but it's been used because God does this to allow me to minister to people that I never would have you know, I told you beg 2014. I was a useless. It's mr. How's it going? I have people sang who know Jesus but now I'm going yeah, like these people need the Lord. They need comfort. They need they need this. Yeah understanding and an don't you know, because I have been, you know within an inch of it and come back. Well the Lord really brought me back. And I now have a place in to mr. You know and understanding to a huge demographic of people in the church that exist. Yeah and are typically overlooked not because of the church. Let me be clear. I love the church. I have worked for the local church for almost a decade and I will continue to serve in that capacity. I love the church. I believe that God has incredible plans and miraculous things are starting to take place, but I think we have been so afraid to Dress mental health because first of all, we haven't known very much about it at all. And now it's such a kind of worldly Pursuit. I think I think when we acknowledge that depression is so heavy when we acknowledge that I have Suicidal Thoughts. Yeah, that is so contrary to what we hear every Sunday morning what we here at every church service. So it's almost even more insurmountable. I would rather go to my psychologist and talk to her about what's going on then. Then Proclaim in the congregation. I'm dealing with this and I need prayer. Yeah and half how do we bring those together? I guess I think that's a good a note for the church at large is like there is no either or like you need both and you can get mental help from a psychologist from a doctor from prescription drugs. Whatever it is that you require and the complimentary service of prayer and worship and Jesus. One of my biggest takeaways from this discussion with Scotty was the impact of community fellowship with Jesus first and foremost confidence that you have been purchased with a price as someone who believes in Jesus and believes that he died for us and took our sin and our shame and our are unhealth upon himself on the cross and he put it to death and then he rose up again with new life. That's our inheritance and we don't have to be Trade one. We don't have to be afraid of the people in our communities particularly in our churches who are dealing with mental health issues. We don't have to be afraid we have the hope of glory and we believe God is who he says he is that Jesus did what he said he did then we have nothing to fear even in the realm of mental health because he's he's done it. He's completing the work that he began in you and you are free. You've been set free to be free indeed and even in your struggling. And even in the Deep suffering that comes with mental health disorders Jesus is there you don't have to dress it up or clean it up or or let the feelings of guilt overwhelm me. Oh, there is no guilt. There is no shame for you in Christ Jesus. So today I want to make sure if you are listening to this and you struggle in the area of mental health, whether it's depression or anxiety bipolar disorder, you've been diagnosed schizophrenic. Jesus isn't Afraid of you Jesus Loves You Jesus wants to walk through every experience. However bad however, low, however, High however great he wants to be there with you. Not not that he isn't there but the realization that the idea that action step of saying I invite you in Lord, I invite you into this suffering and I refuse to believe the lie that I'm alone. We do not have to be afraid of this. That's not what it says.