Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike.Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team is getting really really good and that's exactly where we're at to as people in this in this industry. And in the media just doing it. We love to follow the White Sox, right? And this is why we do it. We put out content because we feel like we have a decent amount of knowledge of what the team's doing and how we grasp what we're seeing on the field and on the field we expect in 2020 to be super exciting, but let's back it up. You talked about socks in the basement for a couple of years now take me back to the Art, and what was the inspiration and then the growth across those two seasons? Well, the funny thing is that I had been doing podcasting for like a decade just as a hobby I used to do morning radio, but I never did anything in Chicago. I was in Champaign, Illinois and Reno, Nevada and Wheeling, West Virginia Pittsburgh and Southern California and Bakersfield, which is the armpit of America. It's like a hundred twenty two degrees in the shade and I'm from Chicago. And so when I came back here and you know started doing Thing that was out of radio. I still had the bug and I did this show called the broadcast basement and it was just a bunch of my friends used to be in radian. We'd mess around and somewhere along the line a couple years ago. I got the idea that I thought that I could turn it into an actual business. I had people coming to me like you should do like a local show here and you should do this and you should do that and I live in Evergreen Park. So that's you know, Southside and I want to do this show called The EP podcast where it was going to be all about Evergreen Park like a Small Town Radio Show, but I was afraid I would screw up the launch. So sacks in the basement actually came from me and my buddy Dave I grew up across the street from we've been friends for over four decades and it came from the two of us talking about that and me going. I really want to launch another show from scratch. So I remember how to do it, right because it's been so long and he goes, let's do a sack show. I'm like, all right, we'll do the sack show in will be like my tests show before I launch this other podcasts. So we really had like no intention. We didn't know what was going to happen with it. We figured nobody will listen to it and we just started Doing it and he was having so much fun doing it. We just kept doing it, but it was like the show that we use to experiment while I was putting together. The other shows that I was planning on doing and it became the biggest show that we do. So it was like one of those it was funny. We kind of started going and you know, we got a couple of people and then somehow I know we landed like Ron Kettle and Jason benetti very early on came on the show and because we've got we got I don't know how we pull that off. But when we got that all of a sudden people are like Oh check they retweeted it and all of a sudden we went from like somebody to hit like 20 of our friends listening to you know, just you know thousands it was it was crazy. Yeah, and that's all it takes really, you know, and you guys are legitimate. Like I said socks in the basement podcast is quickly becoming one of my favorites and go to listens when it comes to White Sox baseball and there's so many different Outlets that you can find talking about White Sox baseball and that's sort of the hard part about this right is is finding that Unique Niche where okay, we want to put out quality content talking about the same things within the White Sox, but you got to stand out from the pack. So I credit to you guys to get to the point where you are today and it all is starting to come together, right? Because now you're starting your third year. You said Chris just finishing up the second. Well, it'll be will be starting the third year in June. But yeah, it's weird because when it started growing we got excited about it, but we didn't really have a plan. And I think the thing that resonates with people is that we're both sitting here. I know a lot of podcasts and it's nobody's fault. I mean people are spread out all over the place and they have to do it like over the phone like you and I are doing this right now and it you know, it's it's hard to get everybody in the same place to do it, but Dave just drives over and sits in my house and then he was never on the radio when we talk. This is how we talk when we talk to each other about the sacks all the time. So I always tell them like I always try to explain to them the reason it's working. So well is that we are able to have that familiarity. You with each other that radio Partners take years to build with each other and we already have it because we're friends. And so then that I think has been really kind of the the reason why we found like you said, we found a niche we had we just have a flow that I think it's hard to it's hard to create that. It's a natural one with the two of us. Well, keep it up. Let's let's show the listeners why socks in the basement podcast is so successful with our conversation here on the future Sox podcast again. Appreciate you jumping on Let's begin with where the White Sox stand about what we're recording this a couple of weeks into spring training now, we're right in the middle of spring. So a lot of these players are now being reassigned to minor league Camp. We're starting to get a little bit better of a picture and how the 26 man roster is going to shape up leading into March 26, but as we stand now in the middle of spring you on mine cada just signed an extension to be with the And it continues in this cycle of Recons. Okay. I'm going to pounce on the guys that we feel like our legitimate pieces to our core. We're going to run with it at an affordable price. We may take a risk by investing in these young players at a young age, you know with a smaller sample size what you figure the payout could be huge team Friendly Deals and players are also satisfied with the time that they are in their career with the amount of money that they're receiving their initial. Track so the White Sox are doing this sort of business to set themselves up with a foundation now in like, I don't want to get ahead of myself. But with the way that the money's invest I think they only spent around close to 70 mil this offseason. I mean when you talk about total contracts, it's up near 300 or over 300 million, but just in speaking of 2020 the amount of money invested in these guys. It's only near 70 Mill. So that tells me next season they can go out and get somebody big but that's I'm trying to I'm getting way ahead of myself because 2020 is about to be something that we expect to be fun. So I want to get your opinion on how the White Sox got to this point with you on moncada and that contract and where they stand. Well, I I first of all want to say that Rick Rick Khan has handled this masterfully and one of the thing, you know, he gets criticized a lot. But I feel like sometimes it gets criticized because people blame him for Owners restrictions that are put on him hands to make the decisions he's making because I know deep down in his heart. I was I was explaining to somebody other day some teams spend money to make money, you know, you spend money you put a good product on the field and then you hope the fans will show up and you'll make money but the sax model is more we want to make money and then we're going to spend that money, but they're not going to go out on a limb. So yeah, they've had payrolls. At have been high before but it's after they had big Boons and people showing up to the ballpark. Especially after the World Series here where all of a sudden their you know, their payroll is jumping because they're bringing in more money Hannah knows he can't operate that way. He learned that lesson with the Machado deal. When the Machado when they when they didn't get Machado Rick hand learned a lesson. We talked about that on the show and it was going to be up to hand to figure out. How do I build a team when I know we're not going to be the team that always outbids the other these other guys, What he's done is he's recognized that he's got this great culture. I mean, you've got all these guys are like they're basically friends like on cattle wants to play for the White Sox because Jose Abreu is like his father figure. I mean, it's amazing the pipeline that they've set up where now these younger players. They want to be with him. I don't know if moncada signs for the deal that he signs for if the sacks don't extend a brave earlier on in the year. He's got this culture and this group of guys that there seems to be this Vibe coming out of spring training. They want a baby with each other and recognizing that and uh, Understanding that the market in equity is get em while they're young and sign them when you can and get rid of those arbitration years and be able to tack on a few extra years to make my window bigger that that was a that's a great idea. It's a brilliant stroke. It's being copied and you saw Evan White out with the Seattle Mariners get a long-term deal. He's only a double-a. The other teams are recognizing what Han is doing in there going? Oh, that's something that we haven't thought of yet and he's is for the first time ever. I feel like we're actually in front of other teams. Top like a lot of good stuff there and I appreciate you bringing up Jose Abreu because I think that's very important to mention Abreu had something to do with this and you know, he's an aging right-handed hitting first baseman lazy 3433 is going to be 37 once his contract is done with the White Sox and you think to yourself. Okay, the White Sox are loaded in their system with a lot of power bats that could fill in at DH and guys who are already Major League ready or close to Major League ready figure to be more of a DH type. If you look at Gavin sheets, for example, who's likely going to start double book double A but can move up quickly in the system. And you know, these the point when I'm trying to get at is why invest in a Jose Abreu at this point where the socks feel comfortable that they have a lot of this talent and it's exactly what you said. It's because of what he means to these players that the White Sox these young players at the White Sox are committing to and hope are going to be a part of the World Series team that they could win you on moncada signed through 20:24 with an option in 2025 Louise Robert sign through 2026 Eloy Jimenez 2026 you're talking about these really good talented young players cost controlled essentially into the latter part of this decade. I mean, how can you not get excited about that? Well, and it also speaks volumes to it answers a question. We asked on stocks in the basement a couple times here in the offseason. Are we talking window or are we talking long-term? We're elevating this team. And now we're going to you know, if a guy moves on we're going to have somebody ready to come up like you see other franchises that are always able to do that or we're going to be a team that when a guy is getting the free agency. We have the money to retain him like what you saw with the Nationals able to holding at hold onto Strasburg after they win the World Series. So that's been the question is what is really the focus and I feel like with these Moves you like you mentioned earlier in the show you have lot more money. You could play with if you need to go and get a big free agent. But you also have money you can play with if one of these guys doesn't want to take one of these deals early and wants to bet on himself and wants to play out as arbitration years and then wants to go to free agency and see what is market is you'll have something in the back in your back pocket. If all of a sudden let's say G Alito isn't interested, but he comes out not only does what he did last year, but he continues to build on it and he becomes like one of these pictures that everybody's going to want when he Finally gets the free agency. You're going to need money the retain him you'll have that money because you were able to get some of these guys locked up early. I should also mention Aaron bummer. I don't want to not mention. Yeah bummer because what is what a steal for that left-hander what at least appears on the surface and the White Sox are buying out arbitration years that's important because one it's a pain in the ass and to it takes, you know, it's contingent on the players at the position and how Doing across the season so fluctuates a only moncada absolutely has an MVP caliber season which you know is not out of the question that might cost them the White Sox some some money. But if you lock them in you buy out the arbitration years you're setting yourself up for okay. Now let's go out and just focus on what we need to do and I hate to lazily compare this rebuild to the Cubs because it's so easy to do that, but there's a fascinating parallel to it because it's very it's whether you disagree or not. It's similar. And the Cubs I felt like did everything the right way leading up to that World Series. They had these guys in their initial contracts may be outside of Rizzo. I'm blanking on the terms of the time, but you had the guys win the World Series, they're still on their young player or team Friendly Deals under control and then all of a sudden they win and 16 their value skyrockets and you have all these players like Contreras Baez Rizzo Bryant schwarber Addison Russell at the Time these players that you figured we're going to be a part of your future and then all of a sudden okay, how are we going to afford all these players then you look at the way the White Sox are doing things their pouncing now and they have that value, you know leading up until the point where they might they may Skyrocket they may fall but it just seems like that all of the moves that they've made to lock up the players that they feel are necessary to be a part of this winning culture that got it done and I feel like that's such a win. Yeah. No, I agree with you it look bummer thing was great because at first I love the bomber thing, especially me with with my my buddy Dave here because he David David hates giving relief pitchers money. It's like one of his tics like it just aggravates him. He's like that a good one year and they stink the next one and it really really aggravates him. And so I told him the deal I let him get fired up about it. And then I sat there and I explained to him like look at what guys make an arbitration. And look at how they they they're basically underpaying him during those years. Even if he plays bad. It's not like you have to hold on to him for very long. The option years are what matter in a deal. They basically just bought all of his are our beers out and then they have a thing in there where if he does, well, they got two more years. I can get options on them or they just give them a million and a half dollars. I think the go away. So in reality they just basically negotiated all those arbitration years on the front end and probably save themselves money and if they didn't they'd probably We will still end up getting him at whatever value would be and I mean bad relief pitchers get good arbitration numbers mean Alex colome a look at look at the deal that he has right now. We're paying him. He's going to make a lot more money this year and he's on his deal and you know what that and other relief pitchers on the team all these relief pitchers. Look at the money. They're making compared to what we're going to pay her and bummers your are bombers would be the best guy in the staff and bummer 16 million dollar contract which includes two Of options that will increase that total but the 16 mil over five years you kidding me with everything. That's not with the way that Aaron bummer was able to well first like two years ago. Aaron bomber was like, okay little promising Lefty here. And then last year all of a sudden 95-97 would sink arm side like from a lefty standpoint plus the like a low 3/4 delivery. That is something that you want to pounce on like I get the perspective that sometimes lefties are replaceable and their diamond. Doesn't and you can find these guys but Aaron bummer isn't a part of that conversation. I think he's an anomaly when it comes to Lefty relievers because just his stuff alone and his size and his delivery. I mean that is a very efficient reliever and the White Sox mailed it. And again, it's all a part of this conversation where you're building for sustained success. Now, let's focus to the minor league seem a little bit and I'd like to focus on the bullpen a little bit too because since we're on the conversation, the bullpen is always Those random sort of up in the air variables every Seasons like oh, yeah, the lineup looks great. We got top three top for rotation spot set and a half of the bullpen, you know, you know, we will figure out the bullpen the White Sox, I think figured out this Bullpen and not only that with with see shek coming in as a little bit of a placeholder, you know safety cushion, so to speak but you look at the Young arms that were excited about as well Ian Hamilton's dealing with A little bit of an oblique issue, but we saw him at the tail end of 18 and was pump in 99 I Guaranteed Rate field and we also have Tyler Johnson in our top 30 at Future Sox a guy who can fly through the system. Let's not forget Zach birdie. Zach birdie is coming back from a knee injury. But also, we you know coming off of Tommy John surgery in the past. He was drafted in 1617 and was flying through the system made it to In his first year with the White Sox and then of course the setbacks. Yeah the arm injury and then the knee last year was kind of rough the issue exact birdie and let's focus on birdie Chris a little bit and I'd love to get your take on where he is. It seems to me that he can get up to the bigs Say by June or July if everything is working. It's all about his fatigue. And if the if the velocity is there, this is a guy who can be a part of the big league club very quickly in 2020. Yeah. I think I'm Cited about as a QWERTY, you know, I'm not I'm excited about anyone with the last name of Birdie. You see would I think it's Nick birdie out in Pittsburgh. He's having a great spring as well the birdie boys took their vitamins this offseason they but they look good it but the great thing here is that but Bullpen pitchers, you don't know when their window is going to open when they do well and you don't know when that's going to close some some guys have a couple of years and it and then they just go away some guys stand for a long time bullpens are kind of Mish mash of guys on different career trajectories and you're hoping to get them all on the same page right around the time when you really need a bullpen bird. He's got some really good stuff. He's got a he's got kind of a wicked changeup. Hey kind of like falls off a little bit as it kind of kind of stumbles across the plate as it comes in. That's a nasty pitch when you look at what he's able to bring when he brings the heat. I think that if once he's ready he's going to be a really solid part of that Bullpen and and II look forward to seeing him out there. I also like a guy like, you know that I didn't mention but I like him in our Bullpen this year. I'm expecting him to make the team Jimmy Cordero. I enjoyed watching him last year. I think there's a lot of potential in that arm and I kind of liked what he brought to the team out of the bullpen, you know, you got bummer and you got him and you guys see Scheck and if but once birdie gets up there, I mean everybody was very concerned about well can Alex colome a really be the closer we And I see that I see that argument all the time when people are talking about bullpens, especially on White Sox Twitter and I say does it really matter? Because I think you have future closers sitting on this team right now that will eventually slide into that role came in Cordero was an outstanding pick up. He was a waiver claim wasn't he? I believe that's what he was. Yeah. I know he came in late in the year was a part of a couple of teams prior to his tenure with the White Sox last season, but you talk about the big league club and where they stand at the moment the 26 man roster is so unique to me because what do you do with that extra man? Do you add a third catcher? Do you throw in an extra arm in the bullpen now in my opinion? I think the White Sox go with 14 pitchers and 12 position players just based on the early part of the Season barring any injuries, of course now because you know, we got to make sure that the guys on the active roster and the 40-man roster because I don't think the White socks are going to add anybody to the 40-man that signed a minor league deal because I think they like where the 40-man stands at the moment. This is a pretty darn good 40-man roster for the White Sox in my opinion. So when it comes to the opening day roster, let's look into our crystal ball Chris. What do you think of what I think 14 pictures and 12:00 position players. I think that's reasonable those sacks have had a history and I know Coupe has made comments over the years and years. It has been the pitching coach. Ouch that he loves bringing as many pictures as he possibly can. It was always like well, they're going to take 13 players and 12 relievers or the other way around or and 12 pictures of the other way around and the sax seem to have bitch really always lean towards 13 and I would be shocked if they don't want to bring up a 14th, you know, you want to be able to spread out things with these guys with their arms you're going to have games where you're going to you know, you're going to start taxing your Bullpen. I think the socks are going to take as many pictures as they're allowed to which I believe is 14, so That's I agree with you on that as far as who's going to be the 26 man in a player roll like who's a last guy to makes it onto the team. I also think the 26-man could be looked at as what do we need for this week or this series? I wouldn't mind if we rotated through I've heard other people say this as well. I tend to think that speed is very important on the base paths and defense and if you could carry an extra player that can be a late inning defensive replacement or a guy who's holding. A job is to show up out there and go first the third or first the home. If you can get the ball hit in the right part of the ballpark that most guys couldn't do then then that guy would be a great 26-man as well. There's a there's a great prospect that I that I know that the sax have James Beard in the guy's nothing but speed I I've said this to your buddy James Fox all the time. Like I would love to see I would love to see like all of a sudden they're like late in the season and they're going on a playoff run guess who gets added to the roster. They just want a guy who could just steal bases. Like they don't care about any of his other development go out there and catch the ball The Outfield the ninth inning because your pinch running here in the eighth so we can score this run. Like that's that's a guy that I you know, he'll be a weird promotion be like, where did this come from? Didn't we when this guy Justin rookie Ball, but when they need him, I hate you might be might be on the team when they need that speed James Beard is is a fun follow 19 years old and he struggled in his first professional stent, but Yeah, 80 grade speed. He's got a little bit of development in front of them. But yeah, that is a fascinating tape and I love it. That in the thing is to bring up a guy like James Beard. I mean he coincides with an Andrew dahlquist and a Matthew Thompson and a price Bush all these young players the Sox have that are ticketed for Kannapolis this year even a little bit because I'd rather see those types of players in extended spring where they're under a little bit more control and under the watchful eye of the White socks as opposed to going to maybe Great Falls and short season Once that starts up. I'm not a fan of the facilities at Great Falls. Anyway, I digress but I wanted to get back to the 26 man roster conversation because you talked about you know, who I want is the 26-man and some speed and things like that and I think and I like and I agree with you. It's like what do we need this week? And I think that sort of relates to our point of okay arms, right, especially beginning of the Season. We want to make sure that in April. We're not taxing these guys. I think now there are some there's some position battles out there. I think Carson Fulmer makes it he's out of options. So I think the White Sox are giving him his last ride and Leary Garcia, of course is going to make the team Adam angles going to make the team and I'm missing one more. Oh Danny mendick Danny mendick is going to make the team as well as just my opinion. I think Leary fills in as the ultra utility man. He could be the opening days. Basement it man dick doesn't want the job. You have mendick on the bench could play any infield spot. I think that flexibility is so important plus Adam angle is having an outstanding spring. So that leaves me to your opinion on okay. What about Zach Collins? What about your man Mercedes like these guys who are making some noise 226 spot. Is that is that a possibility? Do you think one of those two guys make the team? Well II don't think that columns makes the team because I still think that they they leave that sat columns could eventually be one of their two catchers behind the plate. I mean, let's let's remember that James McCann had one really good half last year and then not a very good half and the White Sox now have yasmani grandal and McCann could easily they could just sit there and just move on from him next year and Collins could be the guy that's alongside grand out. Plus I've read all these things that Collins has this relationship with Grand Isle that dates back years and years ago back to Florida, so I think eventually he's a guy that's up in the majors, but they're not going to have him sit on the bench and barely play when they can him go down and work for another year in AAA Mercedes makes far more sense because I don't think that deep down they believe that your Mercedes is going to turn into a great defensive catcher and it's going to be that kind of an option for them where he's all of a sudden going to you know, he's going to wow them enough to be be behind the plate. He's more of like a guy that could be a hit or two can come off the bench so I can see them doing it. I know he's like kind of the darling down there I've I made the joke on the show that I hear mainstream media guys that that that roofer or the other team on the other side of town and don't normally talk about the White Sox trying to talk about the sax here during spring training and there are absolutely in love with them because of the bombs that he hits but I just don't know. I mean that you could you could very easily make the argument that you'd rather take somebody who's like a non roster invitee. Why is his name? Nicky Delmonico is Indian and Western white tea right now you Bring him right back onto the team because he can go out and you can play The Outfield for you and fill in defensively and your and that's not something that Mercedes can't do. So there is the possibility that it's not Yurman if they do bring up your arm, and they're bringing him up to be like a pinch-hitter and they're saying okay. Well our speed is angle or whichever one of Garcia mendicant angle. It's not out there on the field at the time. That's the pinch Runner. So we'll keep a will keep a pinch hitter. So that's possible and to your point about Larry Garcia. I think he's the starting Baseman right now to in Ricky Renteria is mine based upon his lineups. He's trying mendick out at different spots in spring training and I think that's because he intends to give Garcia the job good stuff Chris few more questions for you. I could talk to you all day. To be honest with you plenty of White Sox topics to get into I want to focus on Dylan cease because I am really excited about what Dylan cease is putting together this spring when I'm looking at spring training here for Dylan sees. I'm looking at what he's Trying to work on and that is his fastball command. Now there was a there was a story out by James fagin of the athletic and he talked about the importance of Dylan's he's getting on top of the baseball his release point. He wants his spin rate to be more consistent instead of his fastball cutting. He wants it to be more on a flat plane or Elevate. That's what you want out of a four-seam fastball. Apparently that's been working and so far this spring his stuff looks outstanding. And he talked to 670 The Score a little bit provided some quotes and said hey, this is the best that I felt throughout my entire career command wise. How does that make you feel, you know till and sees you know what I like most about the whole Dylan sees thing is one of the things that I like to do when I'm trying to evaluate Sox pitching is I try to find people like every once in a while like or any player I try to find people that are looking at it from a different perspective like do they like and Got excited about cease not only watching what he was doing and hearing what he had to say, but I got excited because I'm sitting around getting ready for my fantasy baseball season. I'm in the middle of a draft and the guy who analyzes for CBS Sports is now all of a sudden telling people, you know, you might want to go grab Dylan CC looks a lot better than what we originally projected in the be like and here's a guy he's not covering a team that look anything. He's looking at Raw stats and whether or not the guy's gonna have a breakout year and he's now all of a sudden like in his article this week going. You know what we were Wrong about him. He looks really really good. And when I hear when I read stuff like that that just backs up my feelings on it then no, it's not because I'm a fan and is that because I cover the team he's good other people see it when it because it's jumping off the page at them while they're looking at the whole league has a hole and who's who's having great Springs and may actually do better what people are projecting them to be just a month ago and sees his name jumps out. He looks like he's got confidence. I thought it was really interesting that the White Sox gave him a R-right away to kick off Spring training, but it wasn't like they were using any of their other starters out there that are going to eventually make the rotation. You told most like they wanted him to get his confidence. He seemed to have a very good relationship with Lucas julito. You have this you have this Force I call him in Dallas keuchel that's in there. Now with that rotation don't think that the Moxie of Dallas keuchel isn't rubbing off on these younger pitchers and he came in with a goal to make sure He was back to what he used to do back in 2018 when he had that really nice year in the minor leagues and one of the things that he was talk about is that he wasn't his stuff wasn't going the way it was. There was something not right about it. He's was working on his ball cutting in a certain way wasn't it? Just didn't look the same coming out of his hand. And now he feels like it is it felt in 2018 and that's that's a positive thing here. I'm really looking forward to telling ceases 2020 season. I feel like you know, and another thing that we're keeping. Iron to is his Innings, you know, I got to get your body ready to be able to sit through an entire hundred sixty-two game grind. You want to see him get out there for 30 starts in a season, but that's also part of the reason why the White Sox brought in Gio Gonzalez because there's a lot of flexibility when it comes to Gonzalez his role with the team you expect him to be a starter to begin the year, but he could also transition to the bullpen if you need them to but you know, it's just red con knock it out of the park this year. We talked about previously Zach. Excuse me, Zack Wheeler. That was the prime target for the White Sox this offseason. It didn't come to pass and the White Sox had to make an Abrupt change in in their mapping of the offseason and I think they did everything according to what will translate to success Dallas keuchel outstanding. I think he is invaluable when it comes to all right veteran present. This is what needs to get done on a day-to-day basis and that's important because you're mixing those guys these veteran guys, and we're talking about GL. He's still what 25 26? Yeah, so whoo-hoo I can't I can you tell that I'm excited Chris. I mean, yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's a good thing to be excited. Look I'm excited about I'm excited about staff and you know also credit Rick hand for not sitting there saying five starters is enough because what he really is carrying is 7 because your kopecks, you know, I don't know if he's going to break camp with the team or not because I keep feeling like they're gonna they're going to he's going to be there's the story's going to come out of well we wanted to do a little bit of I'm down at AAA make sure everything's right. And then we'll bring them back up again. But whenever he's there you you now have far too many pictures, you know, I mean Carlos Road and shows up. You got far too many starters, like somebody's lose. Somebody's losing their job that I we think it's we think it's right now the Lopez we think right now the Lopez goes to the bullpen here that's been kind of our consensus that eventually it's a great problem to have but what it also does is you're sitting around you're worried about like innings for some of these younger guys. There's nothing that says they can sit there and You know, we're going to shut this guy down for 10 days. The Dodgers are notorious for that. They put a picture on like the 15-day DL with you know, just fatigued so that they could free up a roster spot. But all they're really doing is just stretching their pictures because they have so many starters that they can use so they pull the guy out of the bullpen. They did that with Alex Wood, I think for a couple of years. Maybe you haven't been there in a rotation then they want to give him a break then they put him in the bullpen for a little bit give somebody else a chance and they could play in and all their arms are fresh when they get later in the season. So that's the most intriguing thing to me. Like we've gone from last year you'd wants it at the Ballpark and I would make the comment. There's like five major league baseball players out on the field right now. I don't know who the heck do is rest of these guys are because they're not going to be on this team when it's good. And now you have so much talent and it's so quick how he was able to amass it and put the pieces in place that there's competition and there's also options and now we get to see how does Ricky manage people's time? How does he use the pieces that he's been given? What does the team do over the long stretch to make sure everybody's Fresh like things that they never had to think of they're going to have to think of now and it's gonna be fascinating to watch what they actually do. Yeah, Recon Rick Renteria. This is the first time that we're going to evaluate him with with some legitimate pressure because these games matter now so managerial decisions matter and you can talk about the manager conversation and Rick Renteria and how much how many wins that you know, a manager impacts the team we can go on for hours about that. Oh we talked about this on stocks in the basement actually. Ali this week and the reef and the thing I said was yeah in game he probably doesn't make as much of a difference as people think he could probably screw up about ten games and probably save about 10 games with his in-game decisions. But if he makes a mistake, like what I think would be a mistake is not batting my cot in the right position in the lineup or he or he doesn't put together the right combination. He's stubborn. He doesn't change it from here. Okay, and he did that at one point last year that can affect more than just a couple of games because now all of a sudden you could be changing what your As per game output is across the board while you're making a mistake trying to fit a square peg into a round hole. So he does have an influence on the game. So yeah, it'll be really interesting to see what he does going back real quick to what you were saying about the pitching depth. That's what you're trying to do. You don't want to go into a season like we saw last year where you're throwing out Covey address them are despaigne Ervin Santana Manny Benway lows that can't happen. So when you talk about guys competing for five rotation spots, you have seven or eight of them. That's a good problem to have and that's where you want to be. Be as an organization. All right, Chris last one for you. Kept you here long enough. Let's talk about who you are. Most excited about in terms of White Sox prospects outside of Louis Robert. We are all Head Over Heels about the guy as long as he stays healthy stop sliding headfirst and also stop recklessly diving in the Outfield will be fine outside of that who are some of the prospects that you're you're excited about looking forward to in 2020. Well, listen, I'm not I'm crazy. If I don't tell you that I'm excited about and rouvaun. I don't know. Anybody wouldn't be excited about the guy. I mean, he he just looks like he's a can't miss he just looks so good. He looks so good up at the plate. He made a couple of good defensive plays at first base two. Well, he's he makes some heads up moves while he's over there playing the position and I think that if this team over performs expectations and I think most people sit there and say 85 wins because my heart says my heart says 95 my head says 85 because you know, you just can't anticipate that. Big of a jump of maybe they surprise you and maybe we're sitting around in September and this team could use an extra bat or let's say to let's say if and car nice young because he's older and years. He's more apt to get hurt. There's a possibility you're telling me that if he gets injured in September or in August and they're looking for an extra bath to come up and this guy is raking and looks like he could just do it at any level that they are not going to consider just bringing him up because it's because we've had such a long playoff drought like he'll be a very interesting story this He's going to put pressure on the team to add him to the roster as quickly as he can. Get up there. Just like how Robert did I mean look at what he did. He jump like three levels last year all in one season and Irv on is about to put on a show I think in the minor leagues, so I'm really excited about him. I'm also very interested in Dane Dunning. Here's a guy who's got a lot of talent. Here's a guy that was considered to be a big-time Prospect and would eventually be in our rotation. He has the series of injuries, but he's going to start throwing at some point. I think you're going to see him before the end of the season at least coming out of the bullpen and he'll be a guy who will eventually challenge I think to get in that rotation, which is another another arm that it we're going to have these are all good problems to have. So those are the two guys that I'm looking at the most. I'm looking forward to seeing Dane Dunning. I haven't seen him pitch ever in my life. And I know you know, like I maybe looked up a highlighter to but I've never seen him throw. So hopefully I get a chance to see him in Arizona this upcoming week live if he's throwing at all, that would be great, you know. Always good to evaluate a guy when you see them up close, but also when you mention and rouvaun ticketed to start and double-a and you're right just looking at his at-bats this spring his approach fastball or slider outside part of the plate. He shoots it to right field and I'm just like that is something right. I mean, this is a guy who's already a Polish Major League hitter it seems and I'm just so glad that the White Sox went with Andrew Vana and not anybody else in and last year's draft. Okay, final things let's wrap this podcast and conversation up with Chris saluti anything that you're looking forward to. I know you mentioned the Dual shows anything you're looking forward to with socks in the basement podcast that us as listeners and viewers can look forward to moving forward. Okay. Well the the first of all I'm excited we're going to be going to to shows and we're only able to do that because we ended up with an amazing sponsorship deal from Cork and Kerry at the park and because they're doing that I'm able to More money into the show and it was it's that simple and I'm really lucky that they want to do that. So because of that we're kicking the thing off on the 28th of cork and Kerry at the park were going to do the live show. One of the things that we are going to be trying to do at that show is interview Brooks Boyer now, I don't know if anybody out there knows Brooks Boyer, but I have now left a message with that man's assistant live on the show. And then this week I sent him an edible arrangement with a baseball tone on top of it and I ordered it right there on the show you go back and listen to the episodes. I I sent it over there. I know Brooks is listening. I saw him at Stax Fest. He tried to come up with this like excuse that like, well, you know, I mean I got to get permission. You don't need permission. You're like a vice president. I know there's 27 vice presidents over there. Okay Brooks, but you're one of them and I'm pretty sure you can come on my pit Li little podcast get in a little golf cart have one of your minions drive you over in a 28 we're going to keep pushing him until he shows up on it. I believe he will. Because it was funny. I when I ran them in sacks best. I know he listens because he did the thing where he was like to eat. He started talking to me. He's like, oh, yeah. Yeah, and then he made a joke and he's like you get that because you're an old radio guy. He only knows that because he listens to the show in Germany say that before so I outed him listening up. Yeah, but he's hiding and I don't know what he's hiding for. I'm not that scary. So the mission for Brooks is what's going on right now, if you run into him when you go down to spring training, you tell him I'm gonna inform and I expect him to show his face. Okay, sure, Chris. Tell us how you really feel. I appreciate that awesome stuff Chris. We will definitely be in contact and we'll talk soon. Of course. You can follow crystallinity on Twitter at crystallinity. That's LA and UTI Chris. Thanks so much for the time. Thank you Crystal annuity from socks in the basement podcast here on the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin. Thanks so much for tuning in. We will talk to you all next time.