All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some of the kids who from the Midwest who have done great in college.I want to start off with that, but I want to bring this up first if you have a player. Who has done well, and he has you know, and you want them to get a shout-out and I don't care if it's whatever Division I celebrate everybody. I celebrate every kid from the Midwest who does well, it doesn't matter the level of play. He's playing in college. That's a hard thing to do. We need to celebrate that. We also need to let people know that it's just not about division one. so it don't think like oh, I can't send something in because He's not in division 1 because I'll tell you what, here's here's here's the person that made me think of that song My Hero just now as I was going through. This is I'm a minute. Everything is completely everything is in complete mess where I'm recording from today. Things are going crazy the last few days. So like I said sometimes life gets in the way, but here's will just kick it off with the with the players who stood out. So this is the one that made me think of the song. Which is great because I like to have a song that that sort of ties it in with the things. So here we go. CJ Hughes from Walnut Hills High School in Cincinnati, Ohio his opening weekend for the capital Crusaders. He had 11 goals in two games 13 points for the weekends. He scored the game winner in overtime for Elmhurst and was named the Ohio Athletic Conference player of the week. That's a game. That's a week. And that's a player. That's a hero. Good job CJ Nate Connery from Cleveland State. And st. Ignatius plays at Canisius. He had a hat trick against Michigan on February 18th. Some of these might have been bad are older because they put them in after again. I would say DM me to the one man ride podcast DM and just say this is the player this is what happened. This is his high school. This is college to keep it. Concise as possible so I can keep it all in one place because that was getting text messages emails and DMS on the one-man ride podcast. Twitter and my lacks records mfw Twitter so I might have missed some in the going through it along with all the other emails texts and everything that I'm getting so I don't want to miss miss out on anybody. So to continue on we going with Brady Smith two plays at Belmont Avenue Belmont Abbey. He got his first Collegiate point with an assist. He's 30 out of 50 on faceoffs that 60% and he played at Mason, Ohio. From Mason fun fact about Mason, which I also learned. It is produced three major league lacrosse players Adamo Sika met Bertram's and Ben Randall pretty cool. You know, I like when I get these things I like to I like when people send me stuff because they're proud of their teams. They're proud of their programs. I celebrate that because it's because of the passion of parents and players and coaches that passion is my passion. So I want to like I've said I want to be an outlet for it. I want it, you know, don't feel bad, you know, tooting your own horn. That's that's how you got it. If you're not tooting your own horn moons tooting it for you. So let me know and I'll put it out there a couple other guys as I'm looking through Auto Birdman you Be saying before I'm telling you I'm telling you he's going to be a top college goalie over the next four years. He leads the nation in saves per game. He plays her Canisius. He's from Chagrin Falls loved watching them loved it. Let's see what we got. Oh Kevin O'Donnell 24 saves. For SUNY Oswego in the season-opening victory. He's from Saint Edwards in Ohio. Here's another guy who I've known since he was in high school and purple early in high school. Tommy Coyne from Naperville Central. He broke out this week. He had his hat trick three goals for Rutgers. He's a scoring machine. So I think that's going to probably get Rutgers going a little bit also from Rutgers Brendan came ash from Detroit Catholic Central. He had two goals against Stony Brook his brother Joey came ash from Detroit Catholic Center. Sorry had three goals against Towson and two assists versus Lafayette. I mean Joe, he's really stepping it up this year. I watched his last game of high school. He was awesome and he's continued on that last game. So I'm I feel weird Pride towards I feel weird Pride towards all the kids because they're making good and it and if we could get them out and celebrate them. It makes younger kids interested in it, you know. If you can see him on TV and say, oh my God, I want to grow up and be like him. That's what it's about that will help grow the game. So nice job. Joey Brennan came. His brothers Jake Steadman Stegman from Naperville Central he had for Marquette. He had two goals and four assists another Naperville Central guy with Tommy Coyne Noah motor oil from Libertyville. He had seven goals and two assists for Wittenberg. So those are just some of the players. I think there were more. I know there are more. I'm sorry, if I left you out it things just get sort of. Discombobulated a little bit. I guess you could say, I mean I have too many different ways that I'm communicating with people. So it's hard for me to catch up and I'm not really good with technology to tell you the truth the fact that I can even get a pod cast off by myself or my basement is is amazing to me. Here's the great thing. Here's my favorite part. This is what this is what I do it for this is it that the season has officially started Midwest Lacrosse has started And I'm going to be on the road. This is it this is what I do. This is what I like to do. Just so here's my what I'll do weekly is I'm probably just say what my schedule is going to be or try to be you know, things change. Like I said things change so and a lot depends on the weather, you know be driving. I'm getting older. I don't see as well at night. It's it you know, I don't like to sleep overnight at a lot of places because Gets little cost prohibitive and sometimes so that being said sometimes there might be bad weather where I might not go. I also love the fact if there's a if I could watch it online. I watched Culver plague caramel this weekend. So I watched Culver play caramel my home school or whatever. The my child's school. I watched it on. The laptop while I was watching three college games. I'm iPad phone TVs. So it was great. So if there's any games that are being streamed I would love to know about those two just to be able to watch it. It's like a bonus for me. It's I get extra I get extra time or if you have any Video afterwards. I know I've gotten a lot of videos of games from teams that I've watched. I don't want to say who they're from. Some people aren't supposed to be filming it. I don't think you know who you are. I appreciate it. There were few from Minnesota. I don't know what the rules are in Minnesota, but I got to watch a few teams play which was great because it's very hard to get to Minnesota for me. I'm going to try to definitely getting there. It's just I don't know when I'm going to get there most likely probably in the playoffs at some point. I'm sure by the end of the year that Inside Lacrosse will probably want to have a little heads-up about what's going on in, Minnesota. That's my goal is to Inside Lacrosse is the I believe it's the biggest across publication and I like to do rankings for them. And I like to go see games for them. They tell me which games to see so last year. They had me go. For example, they had me go watch loyal and new treer in the state playoffs. They had me cover the Michigan championships and the Ohio championships. Well, I'm going to sit there and try to say well you need to cover more let's let's let's get more let's let's let's put the Midwest. A little more on the map. Now it takes everyone's help. It's going to take everyone's help that's listening to this. You need to tell everybody to listen to this or you need to tell everyone to follow my Twitter because as my Twitter views go and is the more people I have looking at it the more leverage I have to say look at all these people who are following me. They want to know about this stuff. So look at it. I mean the other day I when I said I had 12,000 people look at something now. It's up to 24,000 people were looking at this tweet. I put I only have 3000 followers on one in a thousand on the other 24,000 people are looking. Well. I'd like how about 10% more of those people just to follow so I can say look at the following we have it's worth it to cover the Midwest. You know, this is a loyal region. This region is loyal, you know, if you do right by the Midwest as a whole they're going to do right by you. You know, we'll take we'll adopt a player because he would you know, because he came to somewhere I'm like, oh we love him for the rest of our lives. So it's just a cool thing. So again coaches If you're listening or you follow me make sure that the team's you're playing also follow me because if I have to come to the game, I'm going to reach out to you beforehand, and this makes it easier for me to go. Conversely if you're not following me and another team is following me. That's the same distance away if I have my choice, I'm definitely going to the other one. I don't have this much time to do all that. So if a choice between someone who follows me and supports me and someone who doesn't follow me or support me, I'm definitely going to the one who supports me if you think that's wrong. Well then tough shit. Okay boy, anyway better back to my week my weekend. So I this week I'm planning on Thursday. I'm going to take a drive up to Crown Point, Indiana. To check out Crown Point who I think is a team on the come up in Indiana. I think they're I don't think they're there yet. But I think they will be they will they will be a player on the scene soon. Actually. I think a lot of teams in Indiana are going to come up soon. It's really starting to grab hold and I really have a great feeling for the future of Indiana and and and Crown points one of those teams. I think that heaven they're playing South Bend Adam, so I'm going to get to see Indiana versus Anna and Thursday Friday just to let you know the level of commitment here Friday is my twenty first wedding anniversary to my wife happy anniversary. I'll be watching Heritage Christian playing at Westfield. So another Indiana versus Indiana game. Back-to-back, Indiana, I almost said did you want to come to this game that we could celebrate our 21st anniversary but doing what I love and she said no you you go do it. We don't need to do anything. Her birthday is also in a week. We'll do a combo birthday anniversary Saturday Saturday. Just sort of got a little more full now so originally I was going to see caramel place an X in Louisville. Zionsville from Indiana also down the road was going to play Trinity, Kentucky, but I have to go watch caramel say Max because my son is on the caramel JV team, and then I'll stay and watch The Varsity. Well, then I got a call from some of the Culvert parents and Culver will be in Louisville Louisville on Saturday, and they're playing Montgomery Bell from Tennessee at Bellman so that so I'm going to go. See the 130 caramel say next game. I am going to see the five o'clock Montgomery Bell Culver game. I'll probably sleep overnight go get a nice dinner. Doc Crows is a place that I'm a big fan of I don't know if it's still open. I've always liked it in Louisville and then Sunday, which is daylight savings time so that we Spring Forward. So it'll be easier drive home with staying later. I am going to watch Culver play at Trinity Kentucky and Trinity I have is top two teams in Kentucky again Culver. Culver's so good. There's just so good. I so that's my upcoming schedule. You know, it'll next week. I'll know more more games than it's going to start getting confusing because they'll be games in Ohio and every, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan Kansas everywhere and then it all have to make those choices. Like what's the best bang for the buck if I could do like a like a D2 game or You know, they do different some schools have different divisions. I'm using my paper right now. So like if and I think if I recall in Dr. Ohio last year, I saw how this worked out a little bit was like one day of the week. There were a lot of d 2 games and then the other day of the week. There are a lot of D1 games. So if I can do a Tuesday Wednesday and catch a D1 D2 game Tuesday and Wednesday, that's perfect. I could stay overnight for that. You've actually I can even drive up. You know, if it's Cincinnati. It's nothing. It's nothing Drive. so that's where I'm going, but just to go back to Culver and to come out with I released my top 10 Midwest. Rankings today on Twitter if you didn't see it. I will I will repeat that for you as I'm Shuffling paper. So here's my top 10 Midwest teams. It does not start with Culver prep. And it's not because I can't I call for prep. I reiterate this every time so it never gets lost covid prep is a different level team. That's not a knock on Culver Prep covid Prep is awesome to watch. Like I said, I watched him the other day. I'm going to watch him twice in the next week. I'll probably see almost all of their games. The games that they have at home, I could drive to the games are on the road. A lot of them are streamed so I can watch almost all of the Culver games. It's amazing to watch them. They are just great to watch. I know there's people cringing right now, but like, oh they have kids that are older and they do so what they they're awesome to watch if you if you're so bitter that they have this you're not celebrating the game because they are as fun to watch as any team anywhere. That's how good they are. But my top 10 is for the top ten high school teams in the Midwest and every one of these teams on the top 10 list and any one of the teams that could be the next top 10 could all win a state championship and that's what it's about. It's not about being the top 10 team in the midwest. There's no trophy for that. There's a trophy for being number one in Michigan. Number one in Ohio. Number one in Indiana. That's what you're playing for the trophy the top 10 list is just for you know, it's just for Giggles. Let's say you know it it doesn't mean anything especially the preseason I already think I already had a few messages from people today about the preseason top 10 and as I've explained them like well, you know, I can't justify how you think you're going to be I could justify on what I saw because I've seen every one of the teams play more than once every single one of them. I know who they lost. I know who they still have. I know what I in my mind know what they're going to do to do better, but I can't really say that now but it's pretty seasoned. It doesn't matter the whole thing doesn't matter because if I don't have you ranked on here and you end up winning the state championship, you can call me up and or call me out online and like you didn't know what the hell you're talking about and I'll be like you're damn right good for you you won so that's why Culver isn't on the top ten because there were a whole separate thing. If I put it like this I could make them one a or what's Wheel of Fortune Wheel of Fortune when you're doing that final thing at the gate they put up the letters are SNL T because they know every person in the world is going to pick those numbers or letters. So just let's imagine Culver is The Wheel of Fortune. They're always going to be number one. They're always gonna be number one. So we don't even have to put them up there. And that gives us one more team to get a little more publicity one more team to be celebrated a little bit. I know that this is make mean something to some people. I know if I saw my team on here, I'd like this is great. But I'm only one schmuck of about a hundred people who do this so you could take it for what it's worth which is nothing in the end of the day. It's worth noting. It's my opinion. It's my thought. I think I'm always right but you could think I'm wrong so it doesn't matter but again, so let's go with the top 10 that I have Brother Rice from Michigan number one. Brother Rice is perennial a perennial Powerhouse. I mean, they're always they're always good. They they have a culture there where they just want to keep winning. It's not I mean, it's not even close. I mean if you people who know that I look at Brother Rice with a little bit of awe in the midwest that they keep doing it. It's not a particularly big school whenever I go up to Michigan, I usually hear more gripes about Brother Rice than anybody that usually means they're really good when they're complaining about you. That means you're really good when they call you cheaters or whatever. That means. You're pretty good. You know, there's always somebody Complaining about something. I love Brother Rice. I've I consider brother is like the Darth Vader of Midwest Lacrosse They're always there. They're just tough. They're not they're not overly emotional. They're just a tough team like when they walk in with Hells Bells. I mean, it's awesome and they got a nice they're playing a nice little schedule this year. So Brother Rice right off the bat. They have their plan Loyola Academy. They're playing st. Ignatius. They play st. X Ohio. They don't have new tree of this year. They play st. Viateur of Illinois. Then they played their own in their in their state. So I think they're playing they're playing Detroit Catholic Central at least once could be twice could be three times. Like they did the last two years or or more than last two years. They also are going to play for self Central Who's another team that's just sort of doing it really? Well. So Brother Rice does not have a cakewalk by any means and they're going to be tested and the best part is loyal Academy's first game is against Brother Rice. Probably not the best way to start your season. But again, I know it loyal his philosophy is they don't care about any of the other games until they get to the playoffs. That's they don't care. They lost seven games last year. Not one of them was To anyone in the state of Illinois, except the most important one was the playoff game against New Trier that they lost so all those winds that they had no, Illinois smoking teams. They would trade them all in just to beat that nuture team. So anyway, that was the number one brother Rice number two is neutral now paired. Let me go back to Brother Rice brother Royce lost. Whoo, five or six D1 players. I'm trying to think so we had Justin glad harbored. Dylan Braddock. Don't remember. We went or Dom to the Dabo their goalie Michael Cosgrove who went to Michigan Jack Crosby went to Rutgers James Donaldson went to Georgetown. That was their starting players. They still have on their team DJ Jay Dee Jay Dixon think he's going to Utah off the top of my head Patrick O'Hara. I don't know where Pat Her hair's going at one point. I thought he was going to Air Force another point. I thought it was going to Michigan. I'm not sure where he's going. He is a freak athlete. I don't I don't say that as in a mean way. He's not at all kid. He is built the muscles on this kid. He jumped up and hit something like it had to be 10 feet tall like he hit a partition going into a into a stadium jumped up and touched it. I mean I was sitting there with my son my son's like oh my God like he couldn't believe it I said you should work out like him. They still have Jack Lockwood Mesa Never Lie Jordan hide not to mention five sophomores from that varsity team that are coming up this year and the guys who are on the orange Varsity or whatever the other verse they just reload. So they're they're pretty they're pretty set. Number two is New Trier neutral one the Illinois state championship last year, New Trier last year started out. I actually started out sloppy. Truly believe they got they got whacked. It's an X in Louisville. They They didn't look impressive in their win against saying X of Ohio. They really did not look good against Catholic Central. Brother Rice when they play them they lost but that was the game that woke him up. They lost that game, but they fought in that game you could see that was neutrals a tough Team new tree has an edge they play with a chip that game against Brother Rice brought that chip out. I think so. They lost that game. I think the next game I said, my son happened to be at with me at that game too. And I said to him whoever they play next. They're going to kill I think they won the next game 26 to 1. That was the game that got the chip on chip Beck now, they lost a lot of players. They lost a lot of big strong. Tough players Carson ocean shirt Brian Setzer, Tyler Baird Henry Freeman Dylan Bruno one of my all-time favorites. Dylan Bruno small guy plays like he's 10 feet tall. Where's he going to Rochester? I forgot I forgot where he went Brooke South and Henry sure who I think was their number one. Scorer Henry sure went to Tufts Brooke South went to Furman the other guys. I think I think some are playing football or my plate or they just might have given up these were tough big strong kids neutral this year. I think might actually be better. Different type of team they still play with the chip on your shoulder. I don't think there is physical. I don't think they're guys will be as physical. I think they have a more skilled team, which is frightening because their defense is still going to be great. They still have Cooper Yoshino as their goalie. So you have him you're doing pretty damn good and then they have James Hammerhead T. Who I think is spectacular. I don't know if he got enough credit last year. I thought against Loyola he was spectacular. Flanagan who's going to be a junior? Plays with an edge plays mean plays with the Chip he's going to get he's gonna have to watch himself. He might take some penalties, but he plays with an edge. He's gonna keep that new tree reg that you have DJ Nolan Tyler Nolan lsms. I'm sure that they're going to flip one of them to a pole at some point or whatever. They're getting after you they're getting after the ball their speed their physical their great. I love watching them. I've known these kids since they were in That's great. So that's why I know nutria. Well, I've known most of these kids since they were in seventh grade then on offense. Ali Montgomery is a lefty attackman silky smooth. He hits he he scores goals from angles. People don't even think they don't know when in I saw him do it this fall in out east. Like people look like that just go in he was behind GLE. He was below GL e and it just went in Chelsea. Shapiro is an animal. He's an animal hard stopping him. He's a midi downhill Dodger shoots it both hands. Just it's like he plays angry like he's angry with somebody Johnny. Hackett is a sophomore Johnny hack it. Will be a player that everyone in the in the State anywhere he goes he's going to turn heads. He will turn heads. He is that good if he puts it together one more year of seasoning like, you know from last year. He they like I said, they could be scary. I mean, they could literally be scary team Brian Dolby who was their backup goalie last year who was phenomenal as a backup goalie. He was every bit as good as Cooper in my opinion. different traits Well, he didn't want to be a you know, backup goalies senior year. So he's going to play D. Midi. This is an athlete. This kid is a stud athlete. I mean just to sit. Yeah. I'm going to go play D mid and he's going to do great at I have no doubt. Yeah. It's just no one's Swain stays around is the Fogo Johnny bad, Nick. Tommy magana meme Academy. There's a bunch of kids. They really looking forward to watching New Trier really looking forward to watching Brother Rice because I know what I'm getting with them. I know that they're going to be studs team number three same X Ohio same X Ohio. It's almost the same team from last year the team that everyone thought would underachieved team that thought that this was the rebuilding year. They had young players. They didn't think they do anything. I mean, I remember talking to people the beginning either saying oh say next won't even make the final four or they won't they won't make it to the Regionals or whatever the second to last level for them. Is it going into their own region? Everyone was wrong. They were wrong. That was a well-coached team mates prong just brings the team together. He makes the team what it is. This team is pretty much the same team with a little more experience which makes it frightening. I hemmed it. I hard about number three and number four because number four is Saint Ignatius from Ohio as well. And I've made them number one. Number two. Number one number two in Ohio forever. The reason I do that with Saint Ignatius is because they have two superstars and Michael beIN are Boum Boum Boum. I'm not pronouncing sure. I know people whose pronounced beim that I know and other people who say bomb. So however, you say it. I apologize and counter Camille. Speed speed speed speed. So kind of Camille is at st. Ignatius with with Michael beim bone both great athletes. Jack Welsh deep hole. There are strong team. My tendency is to say they could be the Dublin Coffman of Ohio this year Dublin Coffman one with they just overwhelmed you last year Dublin Coffman had Nick Harris Ethan triac Evan James. I'm missing this on Radha. They were great. They were fun to watch as I've said before again is they played like a box team on field? So they had the Stars they had if you went there and saw the Marquee they had the Evan James and and Nick Harris and they said these are the two guys. Well, they didn't just take over the game and have it be the Nick Harris or Evan James show. They played like a team with those Stars. I need to see Saint Ignatius do the same thing with their Stars if Becomes too heavy being on Michael boom. Then I think they're not going to they're not going to do as well. It has to be a team using the team philosophy with him. So that was my flip. That's what that's what gave saying XD Edge to me over Saint Ignatius. but I expect those two to be in the championship and it should be great. I mean that's number five. Here's a school that people probably don't even know about the rest of the Midwest. I think Minnesota gets shortchanged. I don't think people know how good Minnesota is. Well, they're good the whole state the whole state is good. It's a pro. It's a it's a state that I wish could change your rules, you know, the weather's rough. They don't start till later, but I think They should be able to play everyone that I would love to see them. I would I would love to see the nailed st. Margarets number five play Brother Rice play New Trier play. I would love to see him play these top 10 teams. I would love it. It would be that would be must-see TV to see these guys they have right now on their team nine College commits six division one commits. That's six division one commits nine total. I think they have two division 3 1 division 2 right now right now preseason. This hasn't started their Juniors. Haven't probably committed yet. They're sophomores will be talking to people in September. 61 players Let me see him play somebody else. Let me see him play. the brother rise to the Moocher now, that's not knocking only of it's not knocking any of the the other Minnesota teams Prior Lake has won three out of the last four state championships if you want to say something BSM might have underachieved the last three years So, let's see. Let's let's you know, I know that when I was doing my state by state rankings, some people didn't give prior prior like the credit. It's do I said, you know what they know what they're doing. They have a great youth program. They're bringing in they've won three out of the last four state championships, so I don't know how you can't have them. But I can understand why because they lost six seniors they lost six of their players. So it's almost rebuilding. But again, it's high school. Who knows what you're going to get. That's why it's so fun. That's why it's such a fun thing because there might be a kid who didn't even sniff it last year who was 5 3 and all of a sudden shows up and he's six one and he's a Greek god me runs through everybody and he's doing it. That's the fun part you get to discover somebody new every year. So that's number five benilde say Margaret number six is Detroit Catholic Central. Perennial team another team that's always there. They were the defending state championship state champions for last year in Michigan. They beat Brother Rice in the championship in 2018. I think after 13 straight state championships for Brother Rice there another team that just keeps keeps building now they lost they lost some good players as well. I mean topic Johnny Shea was They had two goalies Johnny. Shea was going 1A or be. I don't care how you put them. He was one he was player of the game in one game that I was at Joey could make a mesh. I mean, you've heard me talk about a stats in college. He had six goals in the state championship game. He was going to be the player of the game if they won. They're going to miss him Jake Jake petrol another one Ryan bearing. Doing it at Detroit Mercy Justin petrol off another one Connor bills. I think Connor is at but why can't I think of it the junior college right now getting seasoned uphill it but you'll see him in D1 God. I can't think of it. I can't think of the parliament drives me nuts. I'm getting old old man brain, but they retain Jacob Hemi their their goalie who is also a stud Connor burrata Ryan Sullivan Jacobs Waseda Hunter pendergraft. Plus they had five sophomores on their varsity as last year, too. So do I look at them and say yeah, it's going to be Brother Rice and DCC again, my bad it is. There might be another team that could say something about it. They're not my top 10 though. So we're going to number seven. For still Central that's another Michigan team. They would have state champions of. Last year in division one know all these divisions get me screw today. They were division two its division one is the bigger schools division 2 is the smaller schools for so Central was the champions in that. I think they lost one game. If I can remember guys. I think they lost the Detroit Catholic Central. That wasn't even in their in their division. They lost another team that just lost some great players. They looked 8 halleck went on to Michigan State played football. This is do everything Kitty can do it all I mean he was just he was he he could have gone D1 played lacrosse. He went and played D1 football Michigan State. That's the athlete that's what he's tall fast aggressive. Look magic. I've talked about him plays it firm and now just a just a great player all-around player. Love seeing him Evan massage cam dines Logan wetter. They lost some players. They still have Carson dimes Jackson clay who is going to High Point. He's a human highlight film could be one of the best players in the Midwest. Certainly, one of the most dynamic players in the midwest fun to watch if he dials it in and really says I'm going to take this team on my back and says I'm going to do it. He's I would expect them to win the state championship again for for civil Central. St. Viateur at number 8. St. Viateur is an Illinois team. St. Viateur they've been talking about four five six seven years that this is the next year. This is the Year. This is the Year. This is the year. They have great players. They get great players to their school. Something always seems to happen. It just seems to not happen. Well, you didn't hear me mention Loyola Academy is a ranked team yet. So I have seen Viator ranked over Loyola Academy. I think that's the first time that I've ever thought that they got the freemen twins who are absolutely astounding to watch they're going to Lafayette. They're great. What I would like to see more is a full game from st. Viateur Saint biters that team that you keep saying this is it this is it this is it and then something happens and you go they just didn't make it. This is the year per se Viator. This is the year I'm saying they make the move they join the New Trier and Loyola as the team every year. I think they're getting that I think they've been that I think that but I think they have to get through and at least make the state championship. But we'll see they play Brother Rice. at the end of this month March 21st, I think so Brother Rice comes to Illinois and they played Loyola Academy on March 20th, and they play st. Viateur on the 21st. So st. Viateur have his number 8. I don't know how many times they've ever made the top ten in the midwest but preseason they're getting the nod. I know some people will probably Hollow about it, but it's my top 10 number 9 is Loyola Academy again. Here's a team that you ever think would be number 9 in the midwest this is a perennial Powerhouse just like Brother Rice this is a team who last year like I said they lost seven games six of those games were out east they lost to Chaminade st. Anthony's Garden City Georgetown prep trying to think who else they played that they played three three of the top teams I think six of those those six teams were all ranked in the top 15 in the country Not in a region in the country. Loyola Academy private Midwest School Wilmette Illinois flew out east and played those six teams. They lost them. Actually, I think they might have underachieved a little bit to be honest. Well, first one there in Maryland, they were missing to all Americans when they played the when they played they were missing to all Americans who are playing hockey at the time and the rest of the team almost all had the flu. They were kids throwing up on the sidelines pretty nasty. So That was an underachieving. I actually think if you watch those games, they played pretty damn good I think maybe against The New York teams, they might have got caught ball watching a little bit at when they played shaman on that first game. It just looks like Chaminade all of a sudden it was nine to nothing. You're like, how did that happen? Then watching St. Anthony's when you see all the stars on Saint Anthony's and Brandon O'Neil and some you get a little star-struck and then the third game they tighten it up a little bit against Garden City, but that was just a big game and garden said he was phenomenal team. Unfortunately for Lola, I think they lost six D1 players. Their goalie was all two-year or three-year All-American. They lost him. He's gone. Which right there that's question mark number one for me for Loyola. Who is your replacement? Goalie. They have a couple they have a couple of younger guys that That much that'll be fighting for the job. I don't know who's going to get it Liam McCarthy. I know and young foyer. I think those are the two right now. I don't know. So that's a big one. Timmy Hackett. They lost any hacking Johnny hackett's brother from New Trier his older brother. Timmy hagit three-year All-American. He's at Bryant now, so he's gone. I keep blanking on names right now. Who else did they lose? They lost their face off guy to Rich. He went to Richmond. Cooper project went to Harvard. I know I'm missing a couple. I know I'm missing something. I like my mind went completely blank, and I know all these guys. Now she Taylor another All-American. He went to Loyola. Am I missing one more? Well anyway, so they lost all those players. They don't have a very very deep junior class. They have a very very very deep sophomore class. So there is the issue now, they might have just picked up. I heard a player named Trevor caban who is a football player running back athlete just put them on the field. He's going to go get the ball. He's going to get the ball. So that's a big pickup for them. I also heard that they might have a new face off guy. That would be huge that will be very big they can score goals as I was joking with the coach with Coach Rob Schneider the other day I said if you scored 20 goals again, you won't To worry about your defense. They do have defense. They have very good defense. They're just young they also have two returning players who are both seniors Brandon Tate And Caden Keller Caden colors going to High Point Brandon. Tate's going Dennison. My son has played with those two since he was nine years old. I've known those boys since they were nine. You knew those two players when they were nine. We're going to be great Brandon Tate Caden Keller shows every when you see him on the field. Everyone's like, oh my God, that guy's great Brandon Tate. Please maybe in the background a little bit. This is Brandon Tate's here to show. He is going to ship he is tough. He is a big kid now, he was little when he was small. He is a big kid who could stick handle and he's not afraid of getting his his nose dirty. He gets right in there takes a beat and gets up. It's going to be a big year for him for Loyola the step up big time. It's going to take Brandon Tate then they have Spencer Hensley whose analysis M deep hole all around just crazy athlete. I just say let him loose like a junkyard dog and let him go after the ball. but loyal is very very intriguing to me because you just don't know what you're going to get yet if those sophomores come out. It'll be they'll be all right, but New Trier is just just loaded this year. And again same Viator is the tough one. So right now my thought is Loyola has take it one step at a time. Try to go after the same Viator first top st. Viateur. Then try to get after New Trier Connor ditomasso is a sophomore Wilma Harris sophomore. They got some players but it's just are they ready? And that's that's a question. I would say that's the question from almost everyone from from below BSM. So I think Detroit Catholic Central for so Central same fighter Loyola and Dublin Jerome, who's my number 10 team? I watched Dublin Jerome play three different times last year. They play a very very good defense. They were very young. This is their year. This is the year. Now. This is a pic that a lot of people have an issue with o Dublin. Jerome shouldn't be there. I've gotten a lot of static work. I've seen Dublin Jerome play. They lost two games by one goal yesterday. They lost twice to or they lost two games by one goal last year. One of them was an overtime. They lost to Dublin Coffman twice and Dublin Coffman steamrolled everybody. So that's no shame and then they got pounded by st. Ignatius. So I see Dublin Jerome as the third best team in Ohio right now right now. Doesn't mean they're gonna stay there doesn't even mean that Dublin Coffman won't be back Dublin. Coffman was unbeatable last year except brother is beaten, but they were just something else the problem with them is they lost a lot of players and they lost a coach so they have a new coach don't know the system yet. I spoke to the coach. He's very high on his team. I love hearing that from a new coach. I just can't sit there and say right now, oh, they'll be back. I know some of the players that they have on Dublin Coffman. They are still good. These are a lot of kids who play box all these kids in Columbus. All these kids a lot of the kids in Ohio, but mostly in Columbus that they're all box players, they all play with Resolute and box they know what they're doing. They're great to watch so I don't I don't knock them. I don't you know, I'm not I'm not giving them turn on my thing again. I'm not knocking them at all. I just think Dublin Jerome is the number three team in Ohio. And I think they're the number 10 team in the midwest with that being said. that spot could have been Hartland Michigan who I think they're going to be tough I think if someone can beat up the two big boys up top I think it's Heartland I think they got a superstar in a sophomore and Bo Lockwood exciting to watch cathedral in Indiana very good face off they have a San Beda cheese I think it was the MVP of the state championship last year he's the best Faceoff guy in Indiana Which will will do a lot for you. Except you know, I'm not including any Culver kids, but as far as Indiana State Championship Sam badge is the guy at the dot he is going to be a Difference Maker. They lost a few deep holes. They lost a few of their offense from scoring but they have Kevin biruta choose a sophomore who was phenomenal they have Jack nightlinger at Mitty. All right attack who is another silky-smooth heady player. He's the kind of kid that I want on every team. He reminds me a little bit of anythin triac he's got great vision. He knows who get the ball. He knows when to score he's got They have a new goalie this year. There are questions about cathedral but they could have been on this list as well Prior Lake. Like I said earlier from Minnesota they could have been on here. There's a lot of could have would have been that's why the season so great. This is just paper. This is just me talking. This is you know, this is just This is what I do for fun. Hopefully it makes you listen. Hopefully it makes you want to sit there and say oh I disagree. I don't need anyone yelling at me. Let's let's keep you know, it's High School across the Midwest. I'm doing this for fun. If it upsets you so much. Would I pick stop following me? Because it's not worth it for you, and it's not worth it for me. I just love doing it and I love. Making sure that people are enjoying it. So I also have done top five for every state. And let me tell you about my top 5 and how I'm doing it. I'm not going to release it today. I'll probably tweet it out and then we can talk about it next week, but for every state I have five contributors, so it's not just me. What I do is I have five contributors. I get their opinions on each their picks and then I make the final decision based on what I've seen based on what their thoughts are. So it's not just me sitting there going. Oh, I like this guy. I'm going to make him this so I do the research of My Own by watching all these games. Like I said, I saw 63 games last year. I plan on seeing more of this. Here I'm going to have 5 by this weekend season technically hasn't even started for six for that matter. So I have six games under my belt by Sunday. Next week is when it really starts getting going. I plan on being in the try to see a game a day. And then we have those tournaments where you hit eight games nine games six games. That's what I love. But that's so we will remove I will probably release the team or the state rankings on Twitter and then let's see him with the responses and then we can Talk about it next week. I will keep the contributors anonymous because some are coaches some are media and to keep them Anonymous. They can give me their Anonymous thoughts. So that's what I'm doing there. and I think that you know, that's that's about all I got to say today went a little longer than I thought but that's going to be it. I'm sorry. Like I said, there's a lot going on here that I can't talk about. That's why I'm laughing a little bit because my phone literally blows up the whole time as I'm doing this and I just had to put it on do not disturb. But anyway, so that was season eight or episode 8 of the one-man ride. I hope you enjoyed it. Please tell everyone to follow please tell everyone to listen the bigger I get The bigger we get the bigger we get the more eyes we get and that's the goal. It's not about me. It's about us. It's not about me. It's about we so with that being said. Till next week. Thanks for joining me on the one man ride.