Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first finger is okay. So my first failure would be in my first management career first management role. Sorry. So it's more of a career failure. Totally thought that once you become a manager the aim of that is to overwork yourself. All right, I like work as hard as you can or the time I go home work super hard coming to work get there early be the last one to leave or that kind of thing. I felt like that's what helped you prove yourself. Yeah, but totally had a knock-on effect in my outputs and on your well-being on your well-being absolutely lacquered completely never switching off like you would be watching a movie with your family when you're not watching it. I'm on my laptop like doing it like not taking the time to look after myself and realizing that that was important in order to do really good job until I Spend out until I literally was like I can't do this anymore. Like this is killing me and it just takes away Health. It takes away just your capacity in general or what you're able to give to you people you love or equal to given your role. Like he's just can't do any of that my biggest learning from it as a hundred percent, but never to do that again that it that I remember someone said to me during my career Journey. Someone said if it doesn't get done today, There's nothing wrong with it being done tomorrow and it was one of the guys like keenest things. I needed to hear because I was a big person for finish it today. Don't leave anything for tomorrow, you know clear less kind of policy, but like actually realized I wasn't working for anyone give things the time at they need manage expectations. So you don't get it done properly and the world to not be going around. It's really not like it's not going to end with a lot doing brain surgery here. Like it's it can be handled as long as you handle it. I think so that was like a huge learning curve for me. And I think a lot of people can probably take something from that and maybe recognized something in them. Even if they're not management. You know, I think there's times when if you take your work phone home or your laptop, you can just end up naturally just like I'll just check it. Oh, yeah all the time. Yeah, especially if you like if you have any kind of social media in your role as well that yeah, I'm staying like I remember applying some people's messages. I like it's really about like nah. Nonsense like yeah, it was it woke me up. And I was like, well, I need to keep that that green button from Facebook and make sure that we were apply under like a certain amount of time. So I'd reply and what I'd stay and then go back to bed like that since saying like what are you doing? Like at some point? I just go. No. Yeah, especially doesn't matter what I'm half asleep. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think sometimes and focusing on Things there is that Essence to prove yourself even more. I don't want to let anybody down you don't want to like so if it takes you five minutes to do something they feel like needs to be done and you kind of want to do it. But actually it's realizing that I don't have to do that and I'm proving myself and what I actually deliver not in those little things that are wasting my time, I really unproductive. Yeah. Yeah, cool. So that's your first one. So, what would you say? Say is your second feel you had written down so I wrote down because I thought about this for a while. Yeah, so I think a biggest failure of mine was not asking for the things I needed when I needed them, right and especially when I thought I deserved them typical like typical example pay Rises. So you like not walking into the room and having the conversation that you know, Well needs to be had and you've worked hard enough you the time in fact, you're probably under are in my situation. I wasn't the paid prior to that. Ask. This wasn't here. Mha. This was somewhere else and I knew that I was already been underpaid I thought well, let me show them what I can do that. I liked my review. I let them know that you under yeah, but it was so difficult. I can't like minimize just how difficult it was to walk in. Skinned alive. Yes. I think there's this men have no issue doing it. And when I turn to my like guy friends and I'm like, yeah, do you like just that? I don't get like every six months. I'll go and ask for a pay rise. I know somebody that every time he gets a new task added to his role he goes and asks for it to be married in his pay rise. Wow, and and that is the time to do that and he's fine with that and he's like, well I have to you can't fuck. Fight for our skin like it's sorta like great attitude. Yeah. It's not intrinsic in me. I don't know if the no I think no not until it's like let me like do everything I can for you on till I ask for a penny like do you know what I mean? It's find it awkward is so awkward, but then I realized that actually the value of what we value in ourselves isn't based on what we paid actually what we values being able to pay for the things that make cuz quite Happy yeah, everything and if you're doing the roll and you know that you can match that payment somewhere else and you know that actually you deserve that then what what harm is it in asking like truly. I really it's that big thing of if you don't ask you don't get and if they don't know they're not going to go ahead we think you deserve more money like at the end of the day their profit business. Like why would they turn to me and say we want to pay you more? I mean some organizations do Foster that culture but on most times. Yeah. Whoo. For a moment. Yeah, you know, I mean, so I think I think most of the time managers do know. Yeah, they do know when you weren't actually deserve more money, but sometimes they just wait for you to come to them and I think that realization of well, it's either gonna stay the same and I've asked or it does get better. Yeah, and at least then, you know, if you do have a know you can decide, you know to take stock and think of it somewhere you want to stay or not kind of stuff have to ask the question first. Yeah. So that was one of my biggest things where I just I just was God. I like worked myself up so much to do it. Like oh my God what they say not to be just found that it was really easy conversation and sometimes conversations. They've had before. Yeah, it's not the first time I've had someone else picked it up in your head under here and then such a big deal because it affects you more than that. Of course it does, you know of interpret that it affects you all the time. Yeah. Yeah. I think I do think that. If you are driven by money that you're probably more likely to ask I think if you're driven by what you do, you're not you're actually more likely to be more deserving of it because you actually really care about yeah outputs are great. So like they're the people that should be asking but tend to be the don't because they're driven for me driven by what we do. Yeah, and I enjoy it. Yeah, and I just doing a good job in general as well. Yeah, it's how you feel good at work. Yeah. It's interesting. Said about the difference in your you know in your guy weighs a hundred percent. They like it's brilliant like so Brazen, but the whole like it's not a bad thing. They have they are not scared by asking that question and it may it does make me think is that is that because it's not tall is it just all those things like their life experiences that kind of accumulate them together like, you know, is it what is it social conditioning? I don't know like a they always been told like ask for what you want. Yeah, I'm go go for it kind of thing and to not worry bother ya told his woman to go the status quo go over the phone. Don't push too much. Don't ruffle any feathers. Yeah, because at the end of the day, there's so many more woman's woman so many words for women when they do things like that would become like she's quite aggressive. And yeah, she's quite the b word it starts. I think I'm people don't be caught that. So it all comes back to how people view was doesn't it, which is really shameful because actually it's nothing to do with that. You've done the journey. And anyone else in your old would have asked for it. So it's rare. I mean obviously there's times when you shouldn't but if you really believed that you should get one them. Yeah, I think we've got I know I've gotta get better at having those conversations and I do feel like the I understand do I have develops loads from that time where I had to first ask for one, but it is so So terrifying. Yeah, it is so totally yeah. Yeah, it shouldn't be but it is it is kind of like actuate it all until it until it just becomes normal own the more you do it the more normally as I guess. In fact, it's just fostering those conversations in general that are yeah and I suppose like if you have an honest and open conversation with your manager quite regularly about things like that. Yeah, then it won't come as a surprise and all that kinda thing like yeah just be easier to speak about if you've already spoken. Three we got a ninja may be exactly I totally agree, but I do think as well. There's something to be said for we go she ate in an interview. I think yeah, there's a percentage somewhere. I hate that don't have it. But there's plenty of somewhere about the fact that men are more likely to negotiate that interview salary and I'm okay that first time we are offered most of the time in most organizations, they're expecting you to negotiate so it's actually just a bit under like a bit like a sales pitch or whatever. Oh and then our there's a setup for a doubt. We have to find it. Maybe put it on the captions for this but they are way more likely to go. She ate that price and what kinda cake offered the role for his women are way more likely to say. Yeah, it's advertisers that I'll take it. Thank you exactly. I'm just happy just like what is what is That woman we think that oh my gosh, that's the final thoughts which is sad. I'll pay it. You can negotiate a market broad you beginners you your house like anything that's a big purchase in your life and a big investment which like a job is a big investment in your life and into your time. We don't feel like we can just say thank you. Yeah, that's kind of what I'm on now. So yeah. Yeah, I'm just grateful just so grateful. Thank you so much. Yeah. Yeah, I'll take it. Having radical conversations with friends. Yeah, like so it's more of a personal failure think for a long time. I was a very good giving friend. Really good at giving I think if you are like a heart person few highly empathetic you can show that by being a giving person and like showing your friends how much you care about them and stuff, but I was rubbing my friends of like their own growth by not having really radical conversation that actually need to come here. So have you got an example that may be? Okay, so one friend for example, it's just trivial thing. So she was dating this guy that was so awful for her. Awful, my nothing we've all been there we've opened and I could see outside looking in that he was totally use and that's a conversation. I should have had my friends right? I was well partly right in the sense of we all need to work our own things out sometimes sometimes the best at that it is today. Yeah for yourself. However to not even have like gone. I'm not sure our yeah. Are you sure this is what I'm seeing. What do you think and like having that conversation? That robbed her and actually in the end. It's exactly what he did. He did use our he'd completely left and like she was left with no preparation for it. She could have been better prepared for that. Even if she decided not to take my advice. Yeah, she could have just known you were right. I suppose it's hard. It's really hard. Isn't it? Yes is to stand up to that friend. Yeah and be open about something that she's obviously investing. I'd like it's miming and can say yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's hard completely. It was a so I It often but there is a podcast could radical Candor and it's an American podcasts fantastic and it's basically about having canned really radical conversations to get the desires you want. It's based on Career rolls and stuff like that and like how to have radical conversations with your manager. But there's a real key bit in it about feedback and how feedback actually helps all of us to give feedback helps the person giving it and to get feedback helps you become better when we have such a resistance against feedback as a question. Like what is your feedback trying to actually say to me. Are you telling me I'm not good enough. Yeah, and this whole like constructive criticism thing. Is that kind of threw it out the window just feels like this is mm. Yeah, but like actually feedback to be helpful for everyone involved especially if it's positioned, right? Obviously, you have to be nice about it. But to have like now looking back that key part that I've learned and applied to my rolls. I didn't apply it kind of to my relationships just because actually we that The best thing about friendship developing each other growing together and being honest and trust. Yeah. Yeah, and now I would say I'm competing not afraid to have those conversations with friends, but I do think it's so so important. It's really important to just be able to it's not about being that I think he's awful and yeah ever date that guy but that's not that's yeah back to the hell. No, she just feels now there's just about friendship. Actually. It's about be like I love you, and I really want the best for you. Yeah, I'm seeing this. Yeah, can you help me understand it? Yeah, I mean and then just be like, oh cool I get you and I hope I'm wrong we go problem. Yeah, this is what I'm seeing but I'm here for you. Yeah, it's about checking in I suppose as well and asking those questions whole life. Are you happy? You know, you see it like this. Sometimes they might see it but they're like, yeah, but I'm helping them and maybe there's a reason they see that you're not privy to because it's their private relationship. So Even in that sense. Yeah, like and it really like really looking back like even more so it she was so hurt and she was really hurt because she thought as well I didn't like him right as she thought I wasn't happy for her like that. That's why I never had the conversation. You just sensing that there was some off nurse and she's like and like and then after all came by and you know, we had the conversation she was at our be I wish you'd just told me. It's like and I do your feelings and it's all fine. But actually not having the conversation left more to be said the actually I was saying that wasn't it at all course. I'm happy. I want to be super happy for ya. One of the things for you and I think there's something really powerful in like women being there for other women over a hundred percent, you know, and and seeing that in someone or in someone's relationship or in another friendship or something hundred and and going on your own experiences of like all of a sudden If you would like another friend or happened to me or yeah, whatever and you can kind of you know, go back on that and be like, oh, well, I'm not saying this is exactly the same situation, but, you know see this. Yes. Yeah and sort of, you know, we can grow from learning from other people said, I think once we relinquish the idea that people only have bad intentions and that once we relinquish that we just think okay. Let me just listen to what they're saying. Actually there's so much. Learning to be done at your server and at the end of the day, there are true friend. Yeah, you know, it should come from a bad place. Anyway, you know should be coming from a really good place of like like you said before I love you nervous for you. So kind of just telling you now because I don't want you to be her exactly I like it's fostering that in everyone's life. I think like as as children there is this kind of like, you know, you have this kind of Middle Ground I suppose where everything's fine. We can talk about everything and everyone just agree. Again, it's really agreeable life knowing people disagree with you or your parents. And as I hate them like but like then as we mature, I think sometimes we forget that our conversations need to mature sometimes as well. So we like talk about things. We kind of want our friends to be like a great idea. Yeah, I like but actually it's not a great idea. That's really a great idea because we don't want to be like a tyrant. Fred want to be the person people can fund where the night we don't want to be on people's backs. But actually those are some of the most healthiest relationships anybody could ever have had their the things people value you look at especially mha when we look at people who talk well of their life growing up they talk about the people they surrounded themselves where they talk about great like true friends they had and that they're not true friends because they just sailed through life and it's because they kept going through to yeah and coming out the other end. So I think absolutely actually the best thing we can do. Is happening really difficult conversations honesty is the best policy is absolutely so yeah, I guess there are my three failure stroke learning curve. Yeah, and I'm sure people listening would be able to relate to a lot of that as well. So absolutely like we're all human wrong cigarette or mix exactly and I think it's really nice for what this the kind of world. We're in now is woman. Yeah, although there's no has to be done. There's just so much we have done. It's so impressive to see all the women at the table like the different people to see like The Advocates across the across. Mha let alone my other organizations and governments globally. It's great and I think think conversations like this is a bit of makers really better and yeah, it starts with others and bit my bit about picking people up is known about being there for each other. Yeah. Yeah even Realizing for example that when people are in new roles that that's a little difficult and having someone's going. Hey, how's things and how are you finding it? And don't be afraid to have those conversations nestling, you know, like those conversations are really important because the way we shouldn't shy away from sharing those skills and seeing it in other women to go out. I know it's in your a bit like afraid to put back some, you know to say that one should be said say it make sure you get in there and I think Foster and those conversations and encouraging each other to do the things that because maybe a little variable is really good thing to do. Absolutely. So I hope this starts that so and we're going to wrap up. Thank you so much with Neil. Thank you for being so honest and open. So this is the end of the first episode but check this space for the other ones. Thank you.