In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued welcome to phantasmagoria Kevin. I'm looking and you have something on your tooth. Oh, no the top. I did just have going this grilled cheese and tomato soup on your right to that sounds really good. I'm jealous. It's on. Yeah. I'm so good inside your tooth. No use the Patty. You're hungry. This is audio poison. We can't this isn't what we're doing. Is it? Yeah, I can't wait for Here We Go. Looking like a goon while he's podcasting. I'm posting all of this. Welcome to Gloria. Just take that out of context. Let's Sam said about me looking like a what did you say? I like it. I'll just clip it at the beginning so it'll be like what's and then it'll play again like in 30. So now the flute like they'll just be like, oh, yeah. He looks like a goon Heaven. Yeah, he's good. Looking goon looking. Sorry. He's a goonie. Nope, if okay Gunnar question of the day. Here it comes. Just the first one that popped in my mind as a dangerous. Well, I don't like this heart Cartoon Network from the early 2000s. What was the best show I didn't watch Cartoon Network for me. I didn't doesn't I didn't really grow up on talking about. Okay don't want me watching it and that yeah seem dumb same because my mom was the exact same way just mind-numbing lead. Um, I think that's what everyone said about SpongeBob and SpongeBob has Revolution. I'm on the world my mama like that, isn't it? He obviously she was right. I've seen some dang good at an entity mean they're they're pretty funny. I've seen some stuff as an adult that I've watched a wedding Eddie and it's pretty dang funny. It had an Eddie is a funny. I thought because of the animation when I was a kid, I thought it was like an adult cartoon like some some things were a little disturbing and Ed Edd n Eddy. I will admit that I came it's say that Ed Edd and Eddy. But no it was a good show. But also that's the thing though. You can put a show as disturbing as Ed Edd and Eddy on Cartoon Network when you've got Kurds the Cowardly Dog up next like and it's like, you know, that's they capped so high on the creep factor for a cartoon that they could put out whatever they wanted from then on out how much Johnny Bravo have you watched a lot of it's Sam. Were you of all people were just discussing just this job means nothing to me John? Bravo is a show that you absolutely need to watch for all you friends out there. That didn't watch any Cartoon Network right there with you know that you're not alone. I was gonna say like if we're all taking people that weren't allowed to watch SpongeBob growing up. I'm not with you. Yeah, no repent. Kevin is bringing the wrath of God to your front door via this podcast for not watching SpongeBob SpongeBob. I'm starting the podcast aware Beast encounter. I'll answer questions in the comments. Okay. Remember? Oh, this is from Ice Phoenix 48. Okay. Remember that this was in the middle of the day. I was talking remember that I was taking my daily Trail across my land about 45 Acres going through the forest service. Now keep in mind that my dogs accompany me and usually alert me when there is another wild animal nearby I go up the stone steps that usually lead into a little Cavern but there were chunks of torrent. There were chunks torn out of the sides now. I don't know any animal in my area that could tear Out of a concrete wall, but southern Missouri do indeed have some mountain lions. They usually keep their distance and the ones on my land play. Yes play with the dogs. I shrug it off think that's like a regular thing. I shrug it off and I take a left to this friendly mountain lion. This is this is bad advertising because I will go play with them out in line and get my face mold off send you a little poodle out there. I shrug it off and take a look honey. Go make some friends do A purebred poodle. Don't forget who you I could see standing up to Mountain line. Those are powerful dog. It would get rekt dude. They would lose but I could see it like no, no no wrecked. It would lose but their big dogs, they're strong dogs. I don't care how big they are. All right, they usually keep their not even 10 yards out. I see a skinny bear but it had muscle in the front legs question mark I start turning back because the dogs were nowhere to be seen. Whoa, whoa. Whoa, so he sees skinny bear skinny bear is like, whoa, the thing that strange laws way the thing that strange about this bear is that there are muscles on his legs on the front. Like if you saw a really abnormally skinny there with giant forearms you'd be like, that's kind of weird a Hulk of a bear, but just at the front. Yeah, he's I don't feel like that's that crazy. That's kind of like a werewolf. Actually now that I think about it werewolves always have like the the skinny like hind legs and Unlike the big monstrous claws. Yeah, you're right. You're right. I feel like I don't know. I've seen enough pictures of animals with Abnormally muscled bodies. When have you that I would think I did I see it and that's I'm like wow crevice of the dark web. Are you going to Define if you're nursing a kangaroo's upper body when yeah, they're actually never thought I've never seen a bear when it's flexing or when it's like that I don't pay that close attention to detail, but if a bear was standing there like Flex its upper body. I might be like wow, that's terrible. Yeah. That's a big boy. But I just don't think I've seen enough to be able to determine what a big raccoon is what this is we've done this joke. I know for I've said big raccoon do this Mike. I know it that's an episode title of our um act I start turning back because the dogs were nowhere to be seen I start running as I hear the most guttural scream. I keep running nearly tripping over the rebar nearly tripping over the rebar covid. You hear that. The creature is scraping the concrete chasing after me. I can't open. This is actually some nice storytelling effect. I'm not sad some eerie music and okay not stranger things. Not acapella. This is what this is where it gets a little loud as it be Kevin I get a little confused here. It says I kick open the water fountain and the water spews on them smooth concrete. I then go to the top of the hill to my emergency stash with three silver rounds. I then either scenario I said this is false that drop my clip out of my 22 pistol and load the clip the Beast then screams and I hear my Blue Heelers Yelp. I run to it and aim one well-placed shot is all it takes but they start circling each other as if the other was taunting my other dog. I took the shot now I now I got some good fertilizer had to tell him that that my dog had gotten into a fight with a mountain lion and that one The guard dogs of the house scared it off and all the dogs fed. Well you said is true only in Dynamite fertilizer. I miss something. I also had to take a good long shower and had to think how me and mom were going to explain it to my stepdad PS. He has nesting as to why I was Bloody as he was playing the PlayStation. What's the fucking covered in blood and manure it's too busy with finals. He shoot this thing. What happens to his it disintegrates? You got some good boys are there so I can do a man though. They were circling each other after he shot. It was circling who I don't know. I don't know. I just heard they Were circling each other. No, no, all I know is he was prepared with silver bullets for a mythical Beast shot it killed it. And from the context. It sounds like his dogs. I got some good fertilizer. Where was the kill? I did it say that it died. It just says I took the shot all by itself. So it's like okay, that's pretty epic. Yeah, it's Lee. So we got some good fertilizer his dogs ate. Well, that's all I said. Where does it say that it died? Why I remember it being shot. It's implying it by saying his dog. Eight. Well, that's what it's applying. Okay. All right, um other question why is this aware Beast because he didn't exactly know what it was probably, you know, is it here's the thing you're telling me like every time I see a where animal die werewolf turn back into back into human. Yeah, you're telling me that these dogs freaking these dogs Munch this thing so fast. Mmm that the body was unidentifiable. Oh, yeah. These are some Hungry Boys. No, I would say that he killed the bear. It was not it with it was probably a bad cuddly actually if it was aware Beeson turn back into a human. He's like great now. I have a dead body know what are they going to do? Believe me that it's aware Beast. No, so dogs go at it eat up get rid of the body. And so your dogs just rip this thing to shreds. What kind of dogs do you have? What kind of dog dogs will eat a dead body? No, yeah. Person laying there and you are if you don't tell my dog that to where they'd be like, oh food, maybe ever I don't know man. I don't know. There's no way unless you train your dog and you were like, this is food. You killed people on The Daily unless your doggies emaciated and this body this body had been rotting for. Oh, I don't know seven days just long enough to just ruin your dog's breath, but no, but but the more it rot. It's okay. I shouldn't say that but it rots to a certain point where it actually is appealing to the dog. It's like oh it now it smells now this body smells like my bar. They can probably sense like okay, there's no life here and I am hungry and an animal from probably going to eat this. You said some fertilizer to maybe he just grounded up. Yes dogs have done that and then I'm hoopfest some to his dog. And then what they pooped he turned into fertilizer what just freaking kill Me is this guy bloodied up in the shower? Like thinking to myself like how I had to tell my stepdad stepped. It doesn't care. Stepdad step that is playing Crash Bandicoot honest PlayStation not caring about your where bees don't know. I'm a mom and I are gonna break it to stepdad stepdads. Like I don't care. You don't have to break it. No, he doesn't care at all. I've got a story here from our good friend and I be all right, we've had stories from her before in the past. We also hey, I've got a double-dip story person to that's a weird way to say that but here we are. I don't Double Dipper and Double dipping I will not repeat. It doesn't continue a couple years ago. I went to an all-girls Church camp for a week during the summer. Whoo. All righty higher. Yep. I can't go higher. It sounded like a little something good toad ever Mario Kart. No, it's just towed from the N64. There you go. Yeah campsite was clearing was a clearing full of at least 15 large cabins. And the area surrounding was a dense forest all the girls who our seniors did in one cabin near the edge very edge of the campsite farthest away from everybody else. The cabin had had two separate halves separated by a large set of bathrooms and two doors. The other side was used for first aid classes during the day and was locked up in the night the second to last day of camp a couple of my friends and I were up late laying in our bunks talking when the door to our side of the cabin was suddenly opened and a figure I'm crawling in with some sort of mask on. We can. Mm-hmm. We can only hear them Breathing heavily. None of us could see closely because we had put our glasses away or taking contacts out every it sounds to me like you first and foremost find a friend that has eyeballs that can see because if you need a scout, you've got everyone relying on man-made tools to see that's a bat. That's a bad group. You found yourself with your pants down. Why he ever got red head shaking of the head not a good phrase. We could hear them Breathing heavily. None of us because of glasses and stuff and it was very dark. So we only saw it odd figure crawling in an unnatural way the person rolled around on the floor and growling for several minutes and kept down the aisle of bunk beds to and crept down the aisle of bunk beds towards us. The noises they made were unlike any human sound of ever heard. We live Frozen in our beds trying to pretend we were dead or asleep. So it would ignore us and all of a sudden they got up and ran to where our leaders were and screamed right and one of their faces two leaders get up and chase them out. We later learned. It was young. It was the younger girls from the cabin next door. They craft the creepy part about it was they had planned to prank us by just coming in through the locked area. They left the door unlocked during the day and then making a bunch of Noise with this big squirrel had masks on the girl with the mask went totally Off Script as if she was possessed and scared and scared. Even the friends who were in on the joke weird. Yeah Squirrel Girl lives again. I don't know what happened to the girl that night. She actually find the next day with no knowledge of what had transpired. What no, no wait. Whoa. Whoa you read that line very fast and that was very important. I forgot. She didn't even know she did it. I don't know what happened to that girl that night, but she acted totally fine the next day with no knowledge of what had transpired. So if you're gonna pull a prank I just want to I want to throw this out here if you're going to pull a prank e you're going to play the dumb card. Whoa. What? Yeah, I did that but I don't know what you're talking about. What are the chances? This girl was actually possessed she went in like she maybe she took things a little too far scared everybody even The even the other jokes or than the bosses. Maybe she went in and actually Did a stand-up job did a stand-up job and something else took took over. I think I think oh the spirit of the actor the thespian her could be tip control. She's like no the squirrel Mass. This is the role. I was born to play the thing that supports that idea is that she was making noises that were not human. Maybe the demon nearby was like, oh, yeah - oh you want possession. Do you know you might be thinking? Do you know you want to scare people hear you hmm. I think this story above like all else is the perfect example of your brain is the strongest drug. You could get your hands on it freaking this girl comes in with probably a cheap mascot squirrel cut like head and maybe like black spandex skin suit pants on the mass and your fear your brain has told you this is a demon she's making guttural. Sounds that aren't human Okay because of fear it's cool. No, it's like interesting that the human mind does this to protect itself. She's likes crate. She likes Crepes her like gene or like some buckle on the side of the wall and it's all sudden. It sounds like a inhumane demonic noise because that's just what your brain is telling you. Yeah. Absolutely. It was actually just fumbling over stuff. They're like, what was that? I've I have been in the bathroom when I know for a fact I'm alone at home. Sam has the text and And I'll hear something like something maybe in our house is real like it's exam has the text. Yeah, it's like we're I've texted him and I said, are you one of you guys home? Like right now? There's something in here. Well, I check I'm on the job. It's not accurate. No, but for real, we like our apartment is connected to another apartment and if their door slams, there's like occasionally for whatever reason it will sounds like it comes from inside our apartment and I'm like, okay, there's someone in our house I know for a fact I'm home alone. Like so I'll text I'll text and be like hey you guys home and they're like no. I'm like, well someone might be in our house right now and I'm on the toilet. So remember me as I am at my best not at my worst. So they're in for a pleasant surprise. Yeah, but we both have ever this Intruder. Anyway that does whatever I break into a house I go straight for the bathroom. That's it. If I'm ever pushed to break into a house. It's because I need a bathroom like that is the only time me Houston with my morals. That's the only time I'll break in. Her occupied. Oh holding his crotch and he's like a bus in Houston's there. He's like you are kidding me. I know this is a really the one house that I break into. You know, one of the one of the benefits of an audio podcast is the listener gets to imagine things that we say for themselves. I'm really glad you forced that upon everyone's brain. You brought it up. He forced it or you brought up you sitting on the John. No, that was Captain it was you we need to move on I can't talk about Me on the toilet any longer? No, I'm not moving on from this story until we have an answer. Okay, we have the answer. It was someone who freaking got too caught up in their acting their squirrel acting there's it could that could be the case but in a podcast where we talk about paranormal and it's certainly okay. Let me just explain it this way the same thing would not have happened had there been no mask. What do you mean like it just would have been a totally different experience for the person or for the for everyone? Yeah for everyone. So this is the mask who is The Mastermind of missing this might just be like the Mask Part 3. Yes. Okay. I do like those movies so and I would hardly believe there's a squirrel like a actual squirrel mask out there. That isn't possessed. That's a good point. Last time you put a squirrel mask on how Sam don't give you that smirk never exactly happened. And will you how's the man to know whether you put it on a squirrel mascot in his life, right? You're right. You're right. You're right. It didn't I think that had some Merit though legit because like I've worn like a mascot suit like once before and there's something that like almost comes over your little bit where you're like, no one knows who I am like you become a lot. There's something about being completely Anonymous under that suit that is like you have a lot more Kurt like Charisma like knowing xiety when you're talking to people or like interacting with people like if you're like, it's really interesting it like it totally has a thing to it so I could see someone being in this full body suit and being like going a little extra because you feel I've been there I get it. I didn't scare a group of 13 year old girls to my knowledge, but hey, I get I get the rush that you kind of get a being like 100% anonymous. Center of attention. It's a thing like I get it. Yeah, you just you become another person. Yeah, you're not quite possessed. Yes. You can't call it possessed. You just anyway, my it's my turn for story time. Oh Kevin's turned this was sent by Stan the man' know the different stand see I thought that Zen I restrained myself because I thought that probably won't be very Honey, look at you both laugh. It was good. This was me confessing. I should have done it different stand stand 0 9 0 400 the robot version. Yes, it's titled. What causes nosebleeds during a spiritual experience? So many movies show people having nosebleeds during a spiritual experience. I saw I saw this once in real life. Where is sidewalk preacher removed a marijuana demon from a man his nose started bleeding a lot. Does anyone know why this is my daughter was realesed of it a pretty powerful demon. My daughter was having really bad nosebleeds while she was messing with tarek cards. She's got the marijuana deal. So you have to check her room for weed right now. So she was throwing her clothes all over the floor. A floor I thought this was very strange. Is there a demon of messiness insights are greatly appreciated. This isn't like the Box ghost of Danny Phantom. That's not like specific demons, but there might be I've also cracking up because that's like the very first comment is a marijuana demon question mark so good first reply came here to ask this same question. I hope I'm just baffled. Half the nation with this marijuana demon so good. I guarantee her pastor was going off about it. It's like you got to make sure you're young and stay off that marijuana demon that we and she just took it too literally or she had her door. She had her daughter there with her and she's she's Neville is she possessed and he was like, oh probably boy. Yeah, Don wait wait, you're clean. You're saying that. You he did I he did it on the spot he cast The Demon away and the person's nose bled. Wait, but I am not a smoker of pot do you either of you know, if I know you don't either but do either of you know, if it is do you get nosebleeds when you smoke pot said a thing? I don't think so because if that is well, then we're done. There's no question or done. Your question here that has nothing to do with this is the daughter also get nosebleeds. Daughter is just possessed smoking weed. But that no, that's what I thought Sam was going with it in the first place is like they show up to church but her his daughter is high as a kite. Mmm. And then he's like the pastor's like is your daughter is she does she have the marijuana demon is she high and and he's like, oh, I think she's possessed. Oh, no problem. I can handle this step back and then cast it out and then but he would cast nothing out because but maybe not possess. Yeah, but no he unless not really is possessed. But what if what if he's not telling us that the action in which he cast demons out is just bopping them on the schnoz. Well, I think that would go a little more public very quickly just punches you right in the nose. I think that and Bag full on jab to the face. You gotta get like didn't just a bonk that would be on Reddit quick and we would have seen it by now. People are people are waiting for priests to mess up 24/7 to throw them on Reddit. We would have seen that there's no mess up here casting deep such even the know I've seen some crazy the demons out. I've seen some crazy healing stuff videos of yeah, there's like Haiti people or like throwing up totally so who's this ended up punching people? I've seen one guy throws his hands up and and watch a congregation fall to their backs and it was it was public. Okay, so that's what happens the pastor in front of the whole congregation is like your daughter isn't high. Is she and he's little he's like, oh, hey, if you're in that social situation, you must be possessed with a demon and then everyone's like cast it out there all like up now and he's like, yeah, like know the congregation doesn't want to hear like he doesn't The congregation to know that his daughters been smoking a bowl and half of them are sweating is there all high it's a lot more understandable and a lot more entertaining if she's been possessed with a demon. So that's now happens and he's like, yeah, but this is getting away from the question because the this daughter was never we went off on a huge we created a new scenario because one was on the street and one was in her room there. We never entered a church and a daughter actually never smoked weed. Let's be crystal clear about he's just throwing her clothes around feel. Like what's your nose bleeding? Yes. Oh, that's why he brought her up. Both both. Absolutely. This discredited the marijuana demon. Yeah. Well, I that has to be on the table still okay, but there's talk but Is this one demon that influences everyone who smokes marijuana? No one actually wants to smoke marijuana. It's just even I would say no, is it the is it the demon? Pardon me? Is it the demon that that gets you to smoke marijuana or is it or is it just making their shows up when you smoke that's a good question. Maybe there's two different demons. Maybe there's one. There's none after who marijuana demons. Silly goose, uh marijuana, demon. One of them. One of them can be the marijuana demon in the other ones probably like post Malone. Whoa, that's a screw. That's right pose that's imposed. He shows up. So your tell you this priest just asked post Malone to leave the premises. No, but your health is possible own is the other guy. Why he's the other one that is assessing people. He's the one that isn't the marijuana demon. That's all. He's the one who oh, he's maybe shows up after you smoke the weed. It's up to fired. A lot of demon is one that just shows up before very similar one just comes before are the weed very similar. Gotcha. Gotcha almost identical tattoos are just swapped on it. No, actually the marijuana demon doesn't have tattoos. Oh, is that the difference? Oh gotcha. Any insight though. I just Quick on the actual question at hand because it has nothing to do with marijuana. Actually. It's just the whole nosebleed and spiritual experience. No, no nosebleeds are not cause that happened actually to be fair a lot of the times when they showed well when they show psychic stuff in movies, so I guess take that to be fair lightly with a grain of salt. Hey, they gotta get it from somewhere. They always have know who Kevin also has a point, but when people do psychic things they nosebleed. Yes, so that that's the thing why Why doesn't make any sense because you're using a lot of your brain. Maybe she's just focused really hard on putting away or close suppose that is where the first stop at a possession takes place. The brain is probably I would say the soul the heart. What does the entrance what does great a doorway to your body? What does large act it Wyatt? Why does a large activity in your brain make nosebleed? It's overexertion. Your nose that's what psychic like the psychic thing is I give you use too much psychic power. Let me get brains freaking out and then you get a nose but let me answer that question people exert themselves very much on a daily basis and don't yeah. Well guess what Sam the ancient Egyptians when somebody yeah, this is gonna be wild when sun you and somebody I'd hold her. Where did they go to retrieve their brain through the moon Kevin? I was gonna bag on whatever you said and you know, what fact I don't I don't feel like it hasn't Any ground? Well, you're dumb. Well, then it seems we have a you just don't believe in history or eat Zion. You don't believe in Egyptians. You don't get them. This is this is from the British and your brain look dumb. Your brain will not be preserved. This is for you don't have to worry about it. This is from the British pineapple coming back with another one. I recently started working. I just recently started to work in a large car showroom cleaning in moving cars about for presentation and all that jazz a few weird things have happened. Since and I started working there since I started working there. So I'm on one today. I can't read a thing. Well, I wasn't gonna say anything. I like hearing footsteps echoing off Warehouse walls when I'm alone and hearing my name being called out when no one is there are chock most of these experiences up to my brain trying to make out meaning out of the background noises similar to how we make shapes out of clouds. That's probably that probably look nothing like we think they do but earlier today something actually creepy happened. We leave the car keys in the cars in we leave the car. Ikeys on the cars in a special lock box. So the key stay with the cars, but they can't be driven away. Unless you have a special key to open the box. We hang the Box on the window and roll up the window. So it can't be removed. This is standard. I've done it hundreds of times but this is where something weird happens. So I put a box on the window and I roll it up. I take the key out of the car and put it in the box and shut it then out of nowhere all the windows start moving up and down for no reason all four Windows. This goes on for a minute, which is a considerably long time watching the windows roll up and down. He wasn't in the car. So the window shouldn't be able to move I take the key out of the box so I can roll up the windows and try to see what caused this. I pressed all the buttons on the keys and look inside the car. But nothing repeats what happens I've been working with these cars for a while and is the first time I've seen this happen on any car. Can you guys explain this or is it the world's lamest ghost or something more explainable? It's absolutely something more explainable. It could be the world's lamest gift. Both are on the table as the car ghost fear your window. That's the car window goes. Yeah, Argos would just drive that baby out of the he'd run you over. He's just trying to get your little fingers in the window. You're not paying attention. No, this is like our friend Herbie Herbie Fully Loaded as you could use his full title thinks is that his name or the name of the movie? That's his full name. No, it's the name of the movie. Well, I'm sorry. Were you guys not there? I guess I was the only one there for his baptism when I heard his full name wrong. It's baptism first thing the kid. Where do you hear something? What does he even look like? Well, you're not married to her be so you don't know. Does that look like this is how do you baptize a car in oil if cars? Here's a question if the movie Cars is an exact replica of our world. How do cars get baptized oil same way you just drive it's a car wash but with oil that's not at all the question at hand. We're not helping very treated by him would like to revisit at a later date. So this car who happens to be sentient alive you come Waltzing by you, you know, sit in there and touch that steering wheel real nice and then and then get out you're about to walk away and that car is like Okay. Let's be friend Baby Come Back Baby. Come back. You can blame it all. This is like we've talked about a lot of stuff. Maybe the most Acid Trip thing I've ever heard in my entire life. He's just wanting friendship is what I mean. Okay, that's that's yeah. Sure. All right. I'm down. Let me just let me just give that story a prequel okay, or no a preface by caressing the steering wheel. Is that what I'm understanding? Well, that's what you said. Well that just it's part of it. But let me tell you something about this story. Okay, you cannot you can't make this up. This isn't like it's not first of all, it's not one of those things that you're like. Oh did I see this or was it just like? Yeah, you saw this this happened? Yeah, and it's also something that you don't just make up. It's also something I just saw I saw a ghost for sure now, it's like no they all four car windows were rolled. Rolling up and down IDK why it was not followed by anything bad necessarily ominous. We it could be foreshadowing. That's what we have if it's a warning we need to be we need to find well then I need I need a follow-up. I want I want our friends fail then Apple to walk around this showroom with a peace of mind. What is well, that's who sent in the story British pineapple know there's kind of a peace of mind. Yeah. I want them to like not be worried when they're walking around. I don't want to leave them with info. With peace of mind not with a peace of mind. Yeah. What is that? What I said with a piece of my give those cars a piece of my mind. I don't even realize that I said that that's weird. But what I'm saying is that until something bad does happen. This absolutely could be a great story about friendship. Oh, we know automobiles. It's going to maybe be a buddy cop movie, but Knight Rider to from the showroom floor. Or I don't know what nitrite is weird. It's a car who talks we already see an outcome. Okay that has happened because this life this car has shown that it is alive you have person this pineapple. Hmm gets in car gets out of car Putski there and is about to walk away for a potentially forever car freaks out Rose windows down up down up down. He grabs the key and what does he do promptly climbs back into the car to see if he can fix the problem cars got exactly what it wanted. Comes to come back. This is feeding battery here. So now he knows some he get back in the car. I don't think so. Actually, let me double-check that elevator music. Can you move in? It ain't anything? No, he didn't get back in the car. He just took the special key out of the box and tried all the buttons to see if he can throw your what happened. You didn't he he did come back to the car though. And now he knows something is gone the start and he will keep a closer eye on a real quick voice. I didn't expect you to really do that. Good job on that elevator music like genuinely good good. I would like to hear that in an elevator one day. Yeah. Yeah. I think you just have a new friend man. I think this is I think this is going to be a lifelong friendship and it was it was had he turned on the radio would the windows be bumping to the the currant Jam? I don't know if there's a correlation there. All I know is if you do sell this car, you better make dang Wells. Assure you they know what happened or don't tell them don't tell them don't tell them what does off the light. It's not your responsibility a lot of fun on this podcast. We've been saying this is a friend car. What if it's evil what if it's an evil possessed car even in your lot will be there forever. People come to ghost Cars Incorporated looking for cars without ghost know. Of course, he knows of the windows are going to do that I'm saying I know I think it's a dance dance party or a dance car, you know your classic dance car. That's car. It's like the taxi cab but just for dances. Yeah. Mmm and oh, yeah, everyone had he turned on the radio is really relatable to the window. You know, that's what I'm still that hit show Kevin's talking about dance car. That's the hit show on what CBS is that where it is Kevin? I don't know where it is. Okay. All I know is that it is The music music is moderately volume and when the windows bounce to the beat, yes, when you turn on the radio, this is a retired car for the hit show taxi dance, the windows go up and down like the like the I don't even know what you call those things. But like when the base bumps and the things rise, I know exact Windows lights. Yeah. I'd want that car. I got a story here from our friend Cory our good friend Lori. Hmm. Not a stories. Hey, thanks for delivering guys. We appreciate She ate that about a year and a half ago. I moved into my house had a friend who was going to this one's a little bit long so back buckle up heroin. Let me buckle up. Don't let him I have freckles going in with me for the summer. I moved into my house. And then the friend is going to move in. The house is old and kind of quirky, but I'm not usually easily spooked. So I didn't think much about spending a couple of nights there by myself to peaceful nights later. My my friend moves in we get her settled in and the problems start. Okay. Well then stare friend. Here's the variable. She tells me she's afraid to be in the house alone. She feels like someone is always watching her and that there's something wrong with her room. Yeah, she said that the last how she stayed out too. And then now they're all dead then get out. I tell her it's nothing that she's just paranoid and she agrees that I'm probably right I come home one day and my friend asks if I came to her room and tried to open the door. Oh my gosh. I did. Nope. Nope you leave I had a hotel I I hadn't been home all day the next couple of days my friend claims to hear Footsteps in the hallway when no one else is in the house a couple of nights later. She starts having dreams. It's always the same dream in Her Dream she wakes up and when she opens her eyes, there's a woman wearing a black dress and a black veil standing in her room. Nope. Nope. Yeah, that's bad. The first time she has the dream the woman is on the other side of the room, but you can guess who this is going on next dream. She was a little closer. I tell her she's just letting your imagination get the better of her the next time she has the dream the veiled woman is in the middle of the room. I agree that I hate it. I agreed that it's weird. She's had the same dream twice the third time. She has the dream at the woman is right by her bed and my friends swears. She wasn't really asleep. She says that she was taking a nap in the middle of the day and opened her eyes to check her phone in the veiled woman was right there. I didn't believe her but I'll admit I was a little unnerved not long after that. I started feeling uneasy when I'm alone in the house. That was not okay when when Quarries in the house. House, you made that joke last time Cory sent thing something. I know but not long after that. I start feeling uneasy whatever wanted to have opportunity of Cory not being in the house when she like asked him if he was and then he said that and I just couldn't pass it up twice so dumb. This was just so much more proprio to be totally honest. I'm not sure if this is a he or a she hmm Corey. Well, sorry, that's cor IE well before I gotta go Is I feel like yeah, that's true more. Typically guys name is spelled with the why? Yeah, I think that's fair. Either way. It doesn't matter who may be wrong there. Um, not long after that. I started feeling uneasy when I'm alone in the house. I swear one night. I heard banging on my bedroom wall and something rattled my doorknob like it was trying to get in things get worse. Awesome. Neither of us can sleep and we can't stand being in the house alone locked doors open on their own and we hear noises coming from the attic we moved my friends into my room and we asked and we asked a friend who's a pastor to come pray over the house good move at a Supportive Services. Mm. Oh, well, let's be very Clear about that. Why would you not? Okay, why would you not pay the what the extra 20 bucks to get the exorcism? Why did you for exercise? I don't know man. I'm just saying if they got the priest over there, why not do both almost more of a counseling session than anything but it seems to help things get a little better the house still feels oppressive but there's there's no more banging on walls or rattling doorknobs or terrible dreams. We're in my friends room and I noticed something hanging on the corner of the bed headboard. Nope the bed. Nope. It's a rosary with black and red bean beads. And so Over crucifix. I don't know. What about it attracted my attention. I just thought it seemed off. I asked my friend about it her last roommate gave it to her out before she moved states. There it is. I think you Stateside and moved into my house. I asked her where her friend got it a little shop in Mexico. Okay. Yeah, that's it. How many variables are in this story? Does he this is the most important sentence in the entire thing? Oh, her old roommate was a practice. Wiccan wow, why is there so much lead up this story should say hey guys. Hey phantasmagoria my friend took a gift from a Wiccan and she won't get rid of it. She's staying in my house and others goes advice. That's what this question should have gave the lead up is nice. It's good is he? All right, like know the whole build of the story the climax and let's I am glad to see where heater Corey's perspective. Oh, yes a lot of snow. Absolutely I'm saying I'm just saying, yeah. Why was Corey I'd be like well, you probably should lead with that. You probably shouldn't enter my home not ragging on you're gonna have to say I'm saying it sounds like you know what the problem it seems like your friend would know what the problem is. You're like K scary stuff. There's ghosts. Oh, yeah, by the way, I have this man like classic creepy thing that I got a witch friend like, oh my gosh, that's like a huge. That's just a paper trail. Asked and answered man. I told my friend that we should get rid of the Rosary. Yes, that's possible and that it's possible something dark is attached to it. My friend seems a little skeptical, but she agrees that it's not true. I don't think so. Sorry for breaking your ghost into your house. Please don't throw it away dude your friends possessed. I don't you have your friend discuss her skepticism with black dressed woman that appears to her instead of whether they have a nice long conversation about her skepticism or she's lying. Lying and she's just trying to pass the the cursed baton over to you too. I'm kind of the same vein. I have your friend might already have a ghost in her and is trying to put more ghosts in your house. Like what is that Rosary doing here? And she's like, oh that thing. Oh, it's nothing. I got it from some another friend of mine that see no but she's a widow. She got it from Mexico and I don't know. She said she fact that she's willing to admit that her friend who gave her the item was a which adds to the That she is innocent because she would if she was a likely story if she was nefarious though and trying to get ghost in the house. She'd hide the thing so that it could continue to put ghosts in the house. Well, she just forgot to hide it no wrong. Why because he's talking about the veiled woman. She's distressed or she has to use it on a regular basis and she'll get rid of it next day the next day when I get home from work. The rosary is on the counter in the kitchen, aha see weight, but did she get rid of it? I am sure she and I'm sure she Did I ask my friend about it? Casually she looks surprised she tells me that she meant to throw it out that she had it in her hand and then just completely forgot about it. Oh see this is a real load of it. She shrugs it off and says she'll throw it in the trash can outside when she goes to the gym in the evening Cory. This is the part of the story where you pick up and say no no, no, don't don't worry. I'll do it. Let me know if you dry it or 10 miles from your house and destroy it later that night. My friend is Thoroughly freaked out when she He gets back from the gym She carries the rosary out of the house with the express purpose of throwing the thing away. The trash can is even between the front door and her car but gets in her car having completely forgotten about the rosary until she's already out on the road and realizes the thing is in still in her hand. She's a little unnerved and resolves to throw it away in the dumpster in the parking lot of the gym. She gets the gym and forgets all about the rosary which is still in her hand until she passed the dumpster and entered the gym now. Now she's freaked out now. She's freaked now and rushes over to the nearest trash can and throws it away. Finally. She told me it was like she could not hold the idea of throwing the rosary away in her head for more than a couple of minutes. Like it didn't want to be thrown away. After worry. I think this is your bad so far. I'm sure after that want to be thrown after that the house felt normal peaceful. There were no more weird noises dreams or feelings. I have lived in this house ever since and never had another bad feeling in the house. Friend eventually moved out when she got married, but she still visits often and hasn't felt anything negative in the house since the rosary either well case solved it was the craziest thing I've ever experienced. You're wary of rosaries and formally haunted friend Cory. That's a good story. I like that. It's nice to have one that ends with a happy ending Corey story Cory. This was a quick solve and you you dragged it out for up to three days. It was a quick solve. I feel that this is more. Or a warning story or success story. Yeah, this isn't she doesn't this. She doesn't need our advice. She's solved the problem he or she But now we can look at the story. We can learn from story. Next time your house is possessed after a friend moves in say do you have maybe you have a friend that's a which they gave you a rosary on hair Rosary colors black ready? Maybe have a voodoo doll that your Voodoo Witch Doctor friend gave you the looks exactly like me because I've just been thrown against the walls since I got here because I feel like I'm under a stack of books all the time maybe. Go through your stuff. She's like, oh, I actually do have something under my my books. Now see the the moral of the story is keep an eye on your freaking friend because I think she's the one that's shady and this yeah. Well whose why is she picking up gifts from which why would I do that? She's like, oh, yeah my friends which I hear is this necklace she gave me here's this necklace she gave away. It every night and I have weird dreams and I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna throw it away, but I'm actually not going to do that. Yeah, but then but then to be fair if if the influence of the necklace is real it falls to Quarry in that moment big. All right, fine, you've tried twice to throw this away and it hasn't happened. It's my turn because I know I can do it and then you do it. It's easier said than done though. I guess that's true. That's true. That's exactly what she Wanted she's like here give it to me. I'll do it and she's like, okay, here you go. Here's the curse and now Yorker I don't know that is well done. That is you want to keep your self Corey being the champion? Okay. Okay. It's like I'm onto your shit is I you yeah go throw it away you go. Throw it away. I'm not going to I'm keeping my paws off of that thing. I don't want anything to do with that thing, but I wanted out of here. You know, what? I think that I can relate to that rehab little content as a little contact use you can have with this. Yep dispossessed Rosary is ideal hop top top and that's dude. If I was possessed with some kind of rosary that I couldn't get away unless it was actually like voluntarily handed over. That's exactly how I would do it now. I'd be like, I just can't seem to get rid of this darn thing. Maybe it's just one of those things that it will always keep appearing to you want to give it enough to You want to give it a shot buddy? You want to see if you can get rid of it? Because I just can't do it and I'm like, okay, it's kind of you know, I was thinking about this earlier and then I forgot almost as if it was removed from my brain. It's interesting that it was a rosary. I was doing that because of the know I was I'm a little skeptical now. No. No, I'm just saying it's interesting that it was a Rosary in the first place because usually bad ghost don't touch those at all. Like that's the that's usually when there's a bad ghost the Antidote is throw a rosary at it. Like well, that's it happens. Yes, and no. But okay. Well, there you go. I guess it sounds like you have a good has something also potential for exactly. Okay fair. I like that. It's a good answer. So yeah, that's the that's the tail. Are we out of do we have any more time for another it's probably good. Yeah another story or if it was really quick. That's not so I guess we're done save it for next time. Do we have anything that we need to yeah meguri cast at gmail.com fantasma cast the whole fam needs to start sending emails the whole fam. Hopefully more emails. There's a lot of you listening every week. So I know you're going to feel nice and ready to send in were stories. We're in the process of getting a logo something. Oh, yeah, that's expect some like little fun changes something I very much enjoyed from what Cory sent us is that they mentioned that they were guilted into sending in a story by me. Uh, do we want to make our audience feel guilty? Yes. What a result was a resounding. Yes from both Sam and Kevin exact same time Houston's on the fence. I don't want you guys to feel bad. But you said you need to if they feel you feeling terrible gets you to send in the story that I hope you I hope you feel horrible. If it's not even your story if you come across something interesting because like we try to do is deep of Dives as we can and find the most interesting. Himself to bring to the table, but if you find an interesting story or article while just surfing the web I know all of you are every single one of you when your grandpappy is telling you the crazy stories. He's got if you find an article anything like send send in what you find that you think would be fun to here on the podcast. I maybe we should even like lean away like send your stories if you have stories, but anything that you think would be interesting to be read on this show, let's go ahead and send it. I want to hear what you guys have to say. I want to make it more involved also whatever platform you guys are listening on we would really appreciate it. If you'd go on there and give us, you know, positive feedback. Give us a review. I like that goes such a long way biggest of all share it you can share the show with some friends even give me negative feedback if that's what it takes. Yeah. Well, but then but then even though some negative feedback and we'll work on it. If you're gonna put Kevin and down even It Out by talking me up Kevin Kevin is kind of long winded or blah blah blah, but Sam, he's great. He loves you. going to want to listen to say thank you guys five stars this has been phantasmagoria and life's only give me a spookies you make it