Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most Only helps you to focus your eyes on the Lord and transform your prayer life this Lent to sign up. Please visit pray more Retreat dot-org. Thank you listeners for supporting these incredible Catholic businesses. Here is today's story. Screed of Catholic wife and mother of three Studios. She holds a master of arts in sociology from the University as well and is an rcia coordinator and teacher at a parish in Kansas City Kansas. She is passionate about her faith and has contributed to a number of Publications including catholicmatch and radiant magazine. She is currently sharing her passion with her new podcast the Catholic Commons where she will be breaking down the the paid for Catholics seeking to dive deeper in understanding the richness and beauty of Catholicism learn more about the podcast at the Catholic Commons.com or find her and Instagram at the Catholic comments the space we ask that you sit with us pray with us and learn with us as we listen to Lauren's story of faith on our shared Journey To The Cross And sometimes God works in Big ways other times. He's much more subtle take for instance the time. He asked me to go to bed earlier sound strange that God could transform. Someone's life through a bedtime right yet this small request. He asked of me one lent changed my life for the better about six months after our second child was born our family was beginning to find a sense of normalcy again. There are always challenges that arise when you have a newborn but our daughter was extremely colicky and we spent those newborn months on edge rarely. In the house, it was exhausting and trying to say the least and we were ready for change as she got older and better life became less chaotic and stressful and though we started settling into a good routine a heaviness was weighing on my heart the littlest things would frequently upset me. If I couldn't keep our home in order. I felt like a failure if my kids didn't get proper attention from me. I felt like a bad mom if someone slighted me in any way I questioned my worth I felt guilty taking time for myself. And constantly felt like I was coming up short. So I tried to ignore the restlessness inside me it all came pouring out after one dirty martini on what was supposed to be a romantic date night with my husband. I started randomly crying at the dinner table muttering on and on something about how I could never get the toilets clean enough and my husband though surprised tried consoling Me by offering me practical advice though. He listened lovingly. I had a hard time expressing myself and I left our date feeling defeated and ashamed Of my inability to quote unquote keep it together still that night turned out to be an important step for me confiding in my husband and admitting my inner struggles out loud was the first step towards change saying it aloud gave me the permission to fall on my knees in prayer because it turns out you can't surrender to the Lord when you're trying to have control over everything this happened right before lent. So I decided to use this as an opportunity to invite spiritual change into my life. I began brainstorming the most sad sacrificial things that I could think of in hopes of cultivating the piece that my heart desired. I was seeking dramatic transformation and well, I was damn near ready to wear a hair shirt every day for 40 days if it would just make things better. As I planned however, I felt God whispering in my heart to stop trying to earn his love and force the process. He didn't want my plans. All he wanted was for me to rest instead of sacrifices. I felt a strong nudge from God to Simply go to bed earlier for Lent. No hairshirt. No fasting from my favorite treats just rest. It felt strange submitting to this and silly telling others yet. I knew my active obedience was all God was asking of me. The least that I could do was say yes. I said a bedtime of 9:45 p.m. Two hours earlier than I was accustomed to going to bed. I'd always considered myself a night owl and while the idea of going to bed earlier was nice and Theory it was much more difficult for me to initially put into practice had to work hard against my will to be roaming around a quiet house while everyone else was asleep. Those late-night hours became a way for me to shut up. Everything off. There are a respite from my daily duties. The time was quiet and my own and I liked it that way. However, when I actually started to physically rest I soon learned that this was exactly what my weary soul needed for the first time in a long time. I began to wake ready for the day instead of gradually greeting my family in the morning feeling burdened by their immediate needs. I woke up happy and ready to serve. I also realized that my late night habit of endlessly scrolling on my phone or watching trashy TV is having a negative effect on me and depleting my resources. I thought this quiet me time after everyone went to bed was essential. But in reality these things were merely temporary fixes for my inner restlessness since I couldn't always fall asleep right away. I started reading more in bed. I read both the temperament God Gave You by Art and Lauren Bennett and Holly pure. Let's the mothers rule of life. These books helped me better understand that you can't love yourself or others properly when you don't have a drop in your cup to give I realized I had to take better care of myself because my priorities were completely misaligned through these books God began teaching me that I was placing my value in my productivity and in what others thought of me. I was also treating my vocation as a wife and a mother as if it were a job that I could clock out of and this made life exhausting. There's a line in Psalm 127 that help me understand more clearly. Why am I old habits were so destructive someone 27 verse 1 through 2 says unless the Lord builds the house. They labor in vain who build unless the Lord guards the city in vain does the guard keep watch it is vain for you to rise early and put off your rest at night to eat bread earned by hard toil all this God gives to his beloved in sleep. In staying up late. I was trying to escape the burdens of my day. I was being Vain and thinking that I could fill my cup with empty things. What I needed to do was learn to rest in God without him. My inner house was crumbling the truth. I was learning was that there was simply no way that I could be the attentive kind present and loving wife mother and friend that I desired to be without drinking from Christ's cup the true source of life. As I began to prioritize prayer and daily intentional time with God. I started to internalize that my beauty and worth and my strength comes in Christ alone who loves me and gave his life for me daily prayer gave me the spiritual fuel that I needed to be a better wife and mother and to show up in all the ways that I'm called to in my vocation. It also gave me a confidence in who I am as God created me to be it wasn't until I began reorienting myself to Christ that my life began to change. Though I know that not every problem or sadness that we experience can be solved by going to bed earlier that lent the Lord taught me to take better care of myself by resting and him. I learned that when I nurture my relationship with him, I am better equipped to live out his plan for my life and to dedicate myself to those around me loving them as I love myself. has brought me to the shores of your great heart waters run clear and you say Okay. Prayer by Carol how Splendor by your heaviness and fear of Gethsemane comfort to the oppressed and those who are afraid by your loneliness facing the passion while the apostles left comfort those who face evil alone while the world is by your persistent prayer in anguish of anticipation strengthen those who shrink from the unknown. Your humility board taking the comfort of Angels. Give us Grace to help to be helped by one another and in one another to comfort you Jesus Christ. Amen.