Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about Are you sitting down? I'm sitting I've got a steaming hot bowl of soup on my lap and I'm about to take a bite. I am prepared to send Jim jimin's Jefferson and Phil Phil been to New York for chili dog. Oh God, there's soup everywhere in my snow globe collection is ruined. That was this some kind of joke. Jim failed geometry twice. Jeff has the second worst attendance record in your school. And everybody knows Phil is sidelined for weeks from wisdom teeth extraction. You think that pathetic package could pluck a Priceless people from the palm of this principle. All right. All right simmer down. On Callahan, I was just testing you we can adjust the terms. It's darn right we can what if I told you I could offer some celery relief salary relieved word on the street is your school has gotten itself into some bad scholarships like who Joey Joe Johnson you offered him 30k years a sophomore now look at him. He had to repeat junior year three times. How much money are you going to sing it at this kid? Okay. Okay. It's true. We can't afford to keep paying him at this level of performance at this rate. We won't be able to host prom or after. So let me cut you a deal you send chili dog and JoJo to Barcelona and we give you Jim Jeff and Phil and I'll even throw in zakhar zakhar. The internationally touted eighth grade Prospect who's already earned three college credits who wrote half the books in the Barcelona School library who advises his teachers on which kids to send a tutoring and attention that zakhar the very same what do you say to that? Well though I'd say that's a mighty tempting offer. Perhaps the best. I've gotten in my six years running this Foreign Exchange program, but it leaves a vacancy in our a Glass can I have a few minutes to think on it? My phone is always on but then quickly the enrollment deadline is in a few hours Harold put principal and her on the phone on it. Principal principal a dermal on public high school Corey. How are you? Is that Cal? What's up Compadre? You want to talk exchange got some students looking to go abroad here. Milan is beautiful this time of year. I've done three deals today Cal cleaned out the farm system the hallways and Milan Middle-earth Bears a lawnmower after lunch. You know what I'm saying? I never do always down to make a deal though and he High School town catch your eye. I'll be blunt. I'm negotiating a blockbuster with valve, but I need to fill in a push lot. You got anybody you son of a gun. You're not moving chili dog. Yeah, she's taken on the JoJo scholarship. That's a tough offer to turn down Callahan. I told you last year I take on Jojo and send to prospects for chile. Why don't you do that? The timing wasn't right. She was in the middle of the 3.9 GPA year and leading the track team to the state championship. I wasn't about to send her abroad besides. There's a sweetener. We're also getting zakhar zakhar eighth-grader extraordinaire who designed the curriculum for his Elementary School at age six who single-handedly pulled the school bus through a snowstorm in the middle of July after it ran out of gas whoo tires. Mostly work to win his teachers off of cocaine and on to decaf coffee. That's exact Ur. I hadn't heard that last one. But yes the one and only golly. I'm bowing out of this race. I can't offer anything close to that good because I wasn't going to ask I want giulio Hanson my honors modern Egyptian history student. You ought to be smoking smoke. Would you possibly have to offer for Julie any interest in box lunch McQuaid Preposterous, botch. Lunchbox McQuaid. This is his walk here moving on to bigger cafeterias. They're already starting to call him by his lunch. What good is he served in my program need? I remind you of your less than legitimate jazz festival metal from 2012 that drum kit met all the regulations and you know it the kit sure but the drumsticks, okay. Okay, fine. Keep quiet about it and I'll send you a Hanson from equate pleasure doing business with you as always. Yeah. Sure. Bye Harold put valve back on. This is Val. We're ago, I'll draft up the paperwork tonight. This will make both our schools. Very happy for years to come a great still on for mini golf next Friday. No, I have to go to the DMV, but I'll see you at the next. Principles winter meeting good luck with the rest of the school year. Thanks Callahan. Good luck with the rest of your school year to and on the air in Boston. It's Friday night. It's Friday night on the air when even more Kelly flatly. James O'Connor and hang Friedman featuring Jordan Garrison and res truth with musical guests Winkler and acting cast. All right. Kalin ladies and gentlemen Ethan more Thank you. Thank you. Welcome to Friday night on the air. I am your host Ethan more. It's Friday night on the air. You're only podcast sketch comedy show that's recorded in a Berkeley and sambal room. We've got some great guests in the studio. We're joined by Eric Halen as our acting guest and the band Winkler as the musical guest. I'm first joint with Eric Halen are acting guest Eric. Let's talk. Hey, how's it going? Doing great now Eric, I'm a youth from work in technology services. But you also have a lot more interests other than helping people with their technology issues. Is that correct? That is so correct. You are a connoisseur. I might say of poetry specifically buddy Wakefield. That's true. I learned this because I was taking a spoken word slam poetry class and I happen to be like, hey co-workers. Anyone know anything about slam poetry. I'm looking at buddy Wakefield and you're like, I have a book and it's on my destiny of a tattoo of him. I do I do. Well it's about his lines one for size. It's not gonna happen. Pretty rad dude be cool. I feel like I don't know. Yeah, I mean I first my brother actually introduced me to him. He had like a framed print of a line from one of his poems horse head. Okay, and I was like, hey Phillip, why do you have a print of a bald man on your room with some text under and he was like, well, there's this poet named Buddy Wakefield and he writes poetry about really sad things and I was like, oh and happy things too. And then I want to do an on my parents. So I got a tattoo and then I got his words tattooed on my body. Cool. Cool. Now do you write Push yourself a little bit. My mom's actually a poet truth. Isn't she a writer? Yes in my my mom she writes science fiction young adult stuff and she also this is a really weird flex but she was 410 issue years and admin on one of the biggest poetry forms in North America on the cool, which is wild because he wouldn't think that that would exist but it does and it happened. So yeah, it looks cool. That's cool. Well last question for you. Have you ever done this sort of thing before as far as sketch comedy on a podcast? I haven't I've run a few podcasts. Casts and I did I was the GM of the radio station in my undergrad. Okay, so you've got a little bit of experience a little bit Yeah. So far. You're sounding pretty good. We're excited to have you wonderful wonderful to be here. Also talked to Winkler our musical guest someone come up from the band. Okay? Well, I'm talking to Justin Schaeffer's it's lead singer and guitarist of Winkler. We also have some other positions here everyone say hello Pablo's on Base Andrews on guitar Christian is on the drums. Awesome. Well you guys where y'all from actually you're from. Where California, California? Spain that's just it's awesome message also, Massachusetts. Wonderful. We're really excited to have you guys I first heard of heard you guys Ted house this past September and you guys played it was like you Mom Rock and champ. Yeah fantastic show loved it loved. I haven't actually gotten to hear you guys since except for your tiny dorm. Oh, but you're playing two songs for us tonight to correct? Yes. They are called what were their names what we're doing one called wonderful wonderful photography, which you're going to be honest. I'm playing accordion tonight, I guess and then we have one called. You don't know who you love wonderful and that one is out somewhere. I believe right on Spotify Okay, cool. So if you like what you hear tonight, you can listen to them on Spotify. And if you don't like what you can hear you can give them a second chance on Spotify, which is awesome. Fantastic. If also if they like what your their hearing, is there any place they can find you playing live nearby or in the future also any sort of upcoming releases that we should be looking forward to hmm, March 13, March 13th at The Tourist. The pasta Planet because it's cool and awesome. Sweet the service. Okay, and I don't know and a few other bands cool. We will name. I'm not sure. I can't remember right now, but it'll be a fun cool and they can find you guys on Instagram. Yeah, what Winkler dot MP4 wonderful student can contact you about information for those shows. Oh, yes. We're excited to have you we got a great show for you guys stick around Winkler and Eric Halen are here. Welcome back to NBR tonight. We have a special treat for you. We are joined by Seymour given certain. Thank you for being here. Thank you for having me. So tell us a little about yourself. Well in 1971, I graduated from Harvard with a degree in Bowling industry management a couple of years later. I realized that I didn't really have a passion for the bowling industry and I only did it for the meme. So I went back to college and studied history. I have been a story and ever since I know your knowledge covers a wide variety of topics but tonight. Really want to focus on one Topic in particular tonight's topic is the history of watching paint dry. Oh, yes my favorite take it away. Seymour take what away, I just meant you can go ahead. Oh, okay. If you're a human you've probably heard about the newest activity sweeping the nation watching paint dry today watching paint dry is a common activity, but it hasn't always been this way for a long time. Nobody watch the paint dry then in 1897 a young man. Named Homer Depot was the first person to give it a try. He published his findings in a personal Journal October 1st 1897. I finished painting my kitchen today. I've been watching the paint dry for the past few hours stiff occult to tell when the paint is dry. So I have to touch it every couple hours. It's always wet though. I want to wash the paint off my hands, but I think I have to wait until it dries. I'm not sure what the rules are. I guess every Pioneer has difficult decisions to make after establishing a structure for watching paint. Dry Homer went over to Kyle's house to share the experience. Kyle had been friends with Homer for a long time and wanted to support him. But after watching paint dry for two hours Kyle felt the need to express his concerns dude watching yellow paint dry is a waste of time fine. We'll change it to purple. Yes much better after discovering purple paint. Homer's friends became more interested in the activity his friends invited other friends and those people invited more people. It wasn't long before homers friends became a popular hot spot for watching paint dry local newspaper picked up on the commotion and publish an article about it 12 decades later millions of Americans watch paint dry every year. Thank you so much for sharing with us. See more. Hopefully you can stay for a little longer because we have some questions coming in from Twitter. Of course ask away. This first question is from at Jack Jackson. He says I haven't pooped in 12 days and I'm really worried that something is wrong. Do you have any suggestions? Thank you for your question Jack, but that's not really related to today's topic. So we'll have to skip it. What's the next question looks like we only have time for one more question. This one's from Nick Nicholson. He says with all the new technology that exists. It probably won't take long for this activity to become obsolete. How do you think this activity can be modified in order to keep people interested? Well, there's one thing that I recently heard about. It's called watching paint fry basically you put paint in a frying pan and see what happens. Well, unfortunately we are out of time. Thank you to everyone who tuned in until next time stay humble. Friday night on the air is brought to you by bicycle shoes bicycle shoes ever wanted to get somewhere. I know I have have you ever thought to yourself man. My feet just won't do are you one late bus away from going completely off the grid and starting a new life in the Amish community if you answered yes to any of these questions boy. Do I have news for you? Bicycle shoes the portable pedal volt podiatric solution you've been waiting for bicycle shoes are not responsible for any injuries sustained while Wheeling including but not limited to skin. elbows concussions intense bunions abnormal flatulence and sudden and unexpected rejection from all former romantic prospects bicycle shoes get Whelan Five star review by Babylon two months ago. I Babylon took my five children who love art sushi for the first time after their mother my wife Barbara Babylon passed away. Love art. Sushi was their mother's favorite place to take the kids and it does not my favorite too. When we arrived. The workers said welcome to love art. Sushi each of my five children. What hospitality is sounded like this. Welcome to love art. Sushi. Welcome to love art. Sushi. Welcome to love art. Sushi. Welcome to love art. Sushi. Welcome to love art. Sushi the next worker. Welcome to love our Sushi welcome to love art Sushi. Welcome to love art Sushi. Welcome to love art Sushi. Welcome to love art Sushi. We all ordered the Fenway special my five children said there's tasted delicious but mine didn't seem quite special enough. That was okay because then we asked the staff we could spread my dear late wife's ashes on the line. They were extra enthusiastic and even through and Ashes of their own loved ones that they had lying around we all cough for a good while would you consider returning this to location? Oh, I plan to return five times each time with more ashes. Do you recommend it to a friend? I would recommend it to anyone. Was lost a loved one. Hi bad, glad to hear you are enjoying your visits to love art. I do have to say that as the manager. I personally think that my employees allowing you to spread ashes in our establishment is frankly a health code violation. I respect and understand that our restaurant meant a lot to your wife, but I simply cannot condone the scattering of human remains in a place where I serve food other customers need to eat and it would be horrific. If one of them were to accidentally consume pieces of your dead wife's corpse. I will reprimand the employees that allowed you to scatter the ashes and ask them what they did with them. They were swept up at closing time. Thank you for your positive review. I would love to speak to you more regarding the manner will from love art Sushi. Hi. Well, my family is extremely disappointed to hear this. I've been nothing but nice to you so far but accusing me of aiding and a health code violation is slander, which I will not stand for. I think it would be an honor for any patrons to consume ashes of my late wife Barb Babylon. That way they can have a little bit of her Julian magic inside of them just like she continues to be inside of me. I'm so glad we only spread half half the ashes that day because we'll be back and the only bowl that will be had will be a dust bowl and the dust will be ashes. folks around the world Winkler and now again the changing of Old cold still wins. I should know I've changed the breeze before. Yes, I should have known it when strangers face became a trending that wonderful photography of yours. well, I guess I'll just Try to turn my show. This is resolved. I'm still the same old song. Well, I guess. Friday night on the air is brought to you by soup Vapes tired of soup ruining everything it touches your dress pants your government paperwork and even you're already fractured marriage with this hot new product. We've made superlative trauma and tribulation a thing of the past introducing soup Vapes the first gaseous food to be under investigation by the FDA take your soup on the bus to the mall on a date all without any spills or messes soup Vapes are available in 10 classic flavors, including broccoli cheddar chicken noodle. Southwest chicken gumbo and our Flagship suit soup du jour looking for soup babes, wherever soup or Vapes are so morning absorption of soup into the bloodstream through the lungs is a major health hazard and has been linked to cases of short-term memory loss and short-term memory loss traces of soup May reveal themselves in a drug test suit faves LLC is not responsible for termination of employment due to soup presence in your urine. Please do not use soup Vape within a 12 up within 24 hours of consuming soup in a solid or liquid form. We do not know what will happen but are very afraid to find out Folks at home kit kippler here. I'm live in the studio with local performance artist troop the we blurs the lead. We've lured Kevin declar is here to shed some light on. What being a we blur is all about Kevin. Hey there get I wouldn't say we both as much as wobble, but you bet your bippy. I don't fall down insightful introduce us to your team. So first off, we've thermos Griggs Lee lead eye contact partner wonderful to meet you thermos my friends. Call me. Meemaw see my enemies call me the great and terrible insulator. So which one do I call you will see the night is young kid. I suppose it is next. We have Amanda shin splint Trinity Robo. Click the pleasure's all mine Amanda and what do you do with the troop? I'm the lead salmon flinger. You only Flames unprovoked truly terrifying now. Who else do we have here? This is nice / dark. Dance Nana bogus. He specializes in displacement. Oh, so he places dust not exactly. Complicated I see next we have Guantanamo Moses mousetrap player for the group. Haha. I see don't take the cheese. That's all I can say. Okay, this is butter Supreme junker Junior present. Gnarrk gnarrk oil rig here left wood chipper of the group wonderful to meet you narc narc. And who's this? It's wired Hank bean paste Hank Friedman At Your Service. I'm the starfish distributor of the troop. Don't listen to him Kitt. That's my job. And what's your name? Dandy charred lips, but trickle. Oh, let's see were always fighting about who the real star Fishman is any way over on Uncle duty is aluminium wheel shirt sup, I'm back at your whale shirt and his partner in crime. Like the fiend splashmon. What up, kitty? Oh my well, I see there are only a few more of you left introduce you three. Why are you holding hands? We three are Victor Richter and lichter Tumble Shanks the three that cross rivers and Traverse all terrains we hail from the north and are feared in the South shouter names Thrice and will spit in your eye. Mouth and uh, I'm Ben Ben am I pronouncing that right? Worst cheese sculpture ever. So I wanted to order a cheese sculpture for my neighbor's cousin's friends daughters quinceañera after hearing about a new cheese sculpting place in town called gouda sculpture. I called the place in the phone rang for 7 seconds before they even picked up already off to a poor start when they answer the phone. Finally. I requested one 12-foot sculpture of a desktop printer made out of yak cheese because my neighbor's cousin's friends daughter has a real fondness for printers and yaks, Anyway, when I made my request the doofus on the phone, I think it was the manager told me that they were backordered on Yak. Cheese. Are you kidding me? Who does this guy think he is. This was the most important day of the year for me and he downright ruined it. I had to settle for Camel's milk cheese yuck. And my neighbor's cousin's friends daughter was so upset she burst into tears and bit off my ear lobe then it fell into the printer and it made a dozen copies. Now. I have 13 right ear lobes. Thanks gouda sculpture one star signing off cleft dear cleft you have quite the nerve leaving such an inflammatory review. We've been backward on Yak cheese for exactly one year now wonder why that could be oh, right because you ordered the exact same thing for your other neighbors cousins friends daughters quinceañera last year. I mean, what are the odds that you have any sort of relationship with two of your neighbors cousin's friends daughters that they share a birthday that they both celebrate Quinceaneras and they both have an affinity for Yaks and printers. I'm sorry Cliff, but it doesn't add up regardless when you requested last year's Yak cheese printer sculpture. May recall it wasn't an easy task. We had to scour North America for enough Yak. Cheese to fill this order and we ended up running a yak cheese deficit. That's right. Your printer sculpture you so much Yak cheese that we went into the negatives and you have Farmers across the continent have been working tirelessly over the last year just to get the supply back up to zero so you can imagine my frustration when I saw your caller ID show up on my phone and why I needed seven seconds to compose myself for answering and finding myself met with the same request as last year. You must understand why I was less than cordial if you come back to gouda sculpture one more time. I'm going to shove All 13 of your earlobes so far up your ass that you can be certain they'll never be photocopied again. Stay humble Trent Manwich. Meat meat meat meat meat me Friday night on the air is brought to you by Meat glue. What is me? Clue? You asked it's meat glue used if you feel so inclined or don't we don't even care or do it's your choice. But what is it? It's me clue is it meat is it glue? Who cares meat? Glue? What does it do that's for you to decide. only costs How much does it cost? It's meat glue use it meat meat meat meat me baby. Mick was not responsible for the consumption of its products and their side effects, which include intense pulmonary adhesion estoppel collapsing spontaneous dissection and shrinking me clues. Also not responsible. Hey Vlog, fam. Do you know what today is do you it's bring your pet to school day. That's right. We can dogs or cats though or anything with fur so that like kids who have allergies don't sneeze on us. So Tommy, I hate Tommy brought his pet turtle to school and get this the turtle's name is Chuck. Isn't that gross? Like come on, Tommy get real. So anyway, I asked if I could pet Chuck because I've never pet an amphibian before and Bethany. Goes you if you pet shock it means you have to marry Tommy and I do not want to marry Tommy. I hate tummy. So I said why and she said if you put a boy's turtle you have to marry him for tax purposes, and I don't know what that means. So I just said whatever and I put Chuck anyway turns out Chuck bites. So Tommy just did there yelling. Stop it stop it. You're getting blood all over took show. And that's when I got mad. I said Tommy you're the worst husband ever and I furiously stomped off in the most furious way a girl could Like ever stop like seriously. So the lesson here dear readers is don't bring your turtles to school or else it'll end in a messy divorce. I attach pictures on my turtle bite below. It's pretty gnarly. Ruined my baby's hair. I have a beautiful purebred Pomeranian named Amber. She won best bomb in the neighborhood for years in a row and one best toy in the La Crosse Wisconsin dog show in 2004. I recently went to perms for pooches to get a dog perm for Amber. But when she came back she smelled like a boy. They didn't even give her the lavender shampoo. I requested and her perp had no volume. They also gave her a green bandana. When I asked for pink. I was so disappointed. I almost cried there but I waited until I got into my Kia Soul. Her hair looked like Ramen if I'm it had been left in the ocean for 16. I'm so upset and she doesn't even look pretty enough to win best toy in the La Crosse Wisconsin dog show in 2004 which by the way she did she's embarrassed. She won't even look at me. She won't even her eyes. You can just really tell it affected her confidence. She hasn't moved in three weeks. She's so upset. Now. I'm taking her to pet therapy. Thanks a lot Brenda the groomer. She's the worst. If you care about your pet at all do not take them to perms for pooches one star for this disgusting animal hating business. Dear Janet, I love it when low class people like you leave stupid reviews. We have been perming pooches for 85 years and everyone knows our service is the best in town. You're a coward hiding behind the computer. I'm right here whenever you want to meet face-to-face, by the way. It's 2020. Your dog is dead. Stay humble folks around the world. once again Winkler stand up straight and aligned accept. In my cheese, that's behind. Don't know who you know. She was walking down the street. Or is she sitting in that seat like that besides? I don't know what you're thinking of what you think. You know me. Again, what more can be said when I'm still awake? I put on a what to make. Seems like every again. Welcome back folks to our favorite to your favorite to my favorite game show where contestants have to determine if an older man and young woman are father and daughter or a complicated couple. That's right. It's Daddy Issues daddy issues. I'm your host. Robbie's Umaga Zhang. Let's meet tonight's contestants first Telecom. Consistent Arkansas green. Whoo. Actually, it's pronounced Arkansas. Oh my Arkansas our next contestant for the night is former convict and now Pizza Hut delivery driver Rebecca, Rebecca and Domino. convict the night is still young. Yes. Well not sure to respond to that. So I'll ignore it. Finally. We have our returning champion on the show Bobby Bixler. All right, if you've never seen the show before the rules are simple, we have a pairs of an older man and young woman cook a meal for the contestants the contestants then have to determine from both watching them cook and tasting their food whether the pair is just father-daughter or actually There's let's bring out our first pair lucifina and Joaquin. All right, lucifina and Joaquin will have a certain amount of time to cook chicken tikka. Masala. After that the contestants will try the chicken tikka masala and then based off how it tastes and watching them cook. They'll have to determine whether or not they are family or lovers. You have the ingredients. You have the cooking keep supplies. You have the kitchenette begin. All right, we need to open. Open up this chicken. Let me try this here real quick. Oh, no, I can't get it open. Can you try? Yeah, I'll try daddy. Oh, okay. Okay. I opened it. Do you have a knife? Yeah. Here's the knife. I put some butter on it. Oh, it's so smooth. Um, Okay, so cut up. Alright, we need to put this in the frying pan. Do you know where the frying pan is? Yes, here's the frying pan. I put some butter in it. Oh, that's perfect. I love when you put butter and things you've been doing. Okay now flip the chicken. All right. Oh, you're so strong. We missed you. Well, we haven't done this in a long time. I know wow ding ding ding that's time. All right, the chicken tikka masala is done and we're going to serve it to the contestants. Here. They are. All right there trying it. Mmm. All right first Arkansas, correct? That's correct. We go to you. What do you think of the meal and what do you think about the pair? Well, the meal is Give it maybe a 7 out of 10. There's definitely a very strong presence of butter, which is probably due to the butter both in the pan and the knife very nice touch Joaquin. It's a little watery but that may be because they were using water chickens for it, which I can understand as they're in much better Supply than land chickens at the moment. And what do you think about the pair? Are they father and daughter or a complicated couple? This is a tough one based on their Dynamic. I want to say there are Complicated couple interesting. Well, we don't know just yet first we have to go to Rebecca Rebecca and Domino Rebecca Rebecca. What do you think? First of all the chicken? I was just bought her. Sorry guys. I just it was just a big heap of butter second of all that man. Is that girl's father? I'm standing by it. All right great response Rebecca Becca, lastly we go to our reigning champ Bobby Bixler Bobby. Give me the news as we all know, I am deathly allergic to all food and all water so What I do have here on my plate is a photo that we have taken with an iPhone and then print it out. But unfortunately we did not get a color printer as they have all exploded. So I'm getting some notes of black and some notes of white the chicken seems to be there. I'm not sure about the Masala. I'm gonna go with complicated couple. All right. Thank you Bobby a detailed response as expected. Well, are there complicated couple or are they family drumroll? They are family if you heard if you heard the line, we haven't done this in a while. That's because Lucifina was switched at birth. I was you were and you cooked with your father before you were Switched at Birth, but then there was a long period of time before you cook with him again, and you remember that but you didn't remember until recently that's how you got on Switched at Birth and now you cook together like old times but your family and that was that next up. We've got Kimberly and trout Kimberly and trout are going to be cooking the Scorpion soup and birthday cake. All right, baby girl will get started on that super now to get started on that birthday cake. Oh, I'll get started on that soup. All right. Oh, yeah, baby, you know, I like it when you touch broth. All I do is top secret. Oh this birthday cake is coming along nicely. Do you remember when we met the birthday cake? Oh, you bet your sweet bippy. I remember the birthday cake. Tastiest cake I ever done seen Minds me of my best friend your daughter. Thanks. Oh, I love my sweet daughter. Not as much as I love you, baby. We've got 800 60 candles on this birthday cake. Is it Trout's birthday indeed. It is afternoon. 60 happy 60th birthday. You know I heard when you hit 60 you start over at zero makes it more. Okay, I guess alright first off. We'll start from the end Bobby Bixler. You get to try it first. What do you think? And what do you think about are well as we all know as I am allergic to all forms of food in all forms of water. What I have in front of my plate is an interpretive dance based. Off of their performance, but unfortunately, it seems like they've just been standing still for 30 minutes. So I'm not quite sure what they've been interpreting or what they've been dancing. I'm gonna say father and daughter father and daughter for sure the the dancing really the Stillness. It really got there for me. All right, great. Answer Bobby Bixler next up Rebecca Becca and Domino. Give us the facts. You know if they are enjoying a complicated couple they gotta work on their relationship regardless this birthday cake tin. It just tastes a little like grass. I don't know what that's about. I'm gonna say complicated couple she thinks complicated couple and she thinks the cake was a piece of grass. All right last week go to Arkansas green. For his review and response. So the first thing I noticed was it seems like they put the scorpions in the birthday cake instead of in the soup. However, it was quite a welcome surprise. I was not expecting such a bite when I took a bite out of it, you know all signs point to them being a complicated couple given that trout is 60 and his lovely daughter wife might also be 60, but I feel like that would be too easy. So I'm going to go with father daughter. All right. Last time I did a Dremel to find out the results this time. We're going to have some suspense danger music. Well trout trout has a daughter but this is not his daughter. It's her friend Kimberly and Chad are a complicated couple Dad. How could you shoot? Right folks, let's keep the comments to a minimum in the audience regardless of your relation to the people involved last up. We've got oh, we've got an interesting pair. They are called Quail. Myrrh and the bench and it looks like they're making rock odd. Take it away calmer. Now we must wait by the best the world has ever seen first things first fresh. On the river now. I will place now to garnish it with a ring is Ding ding ding. All right comers rakaat is done and we're going to give it to our contestants. First off. We'll start from the middle Rebecca Becca and Domino. What do you think? I have never seen that much raw power in one room lovers. All right. All right the power the raw. They think it's lovers. Let's check with Bobby Bixler. Food was all right. I'm going to say mother and daughter and father. And if somebody could call me an Uber to the hospital. I am about to die. All right, Bobby Bixler ate the food don't have the fish folks. That's all I can say next up. We have Arkansas screen with the final response of the evening. Lovers. All right. All right. He's weighed in now need. I remind you folks. The score is tied at this point points two points two points. So whoever gets this right will determine who wins the match Comer. Would you care to reveal what you are and the bench too? We are a high mind. We are lovers but also family as a hive mind. There is a sensual romantic passionate connection between every quell mer and every bench but Five months ago. We are one big seated family as quell. Myrrh, and the bench well folks it turns out they were both. I don't know how that works, but it works because you can't see him. That's our show for tonight. Thank you for tuning in to daddy issues or daddy issues.