It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes.Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to Swedish marketer Matthias Flink. He reported it in John lemurs. Excellent power hitters Club the extra events. We're real but they were of Facebook's making as you may know for the longest time. The way Facebook's pixel worked is you'd tell Facebook what for instance a conversion event look like how do we Define a sale? So you tell Facebook? Okay, listen anytime anyone who saw our Facebook ad lands on this thank you for your purchase page. That's a sale because the only way they'd get to that page is by purchasing you see traffic on that page count it as a sale Facebook. but there are other events like when someone clicks this button consider them having added something to their cart and so on and then Facebook came up with something it calls the automatic event tool what basically happens here is Facebook looks through your activity on your site and when it sees patterns of activity, it will create an event for you whether you want one or not and thus including potentially a grossly inflated number in your That is basically what happened to Matthias. He had set up an event or a trigger on the thank you for purchasing page. No problem there but then Facebook came along and said, oh, hey this submit button over here. I'll bet when someone clicks that they're buying something and they identified the submit Button as the conversion event. So they were actually adding those conversions on top of my conversions. Let alone the fact that Mathias was already tracking purchases. Just not on the button click it was on the thank you Paige. So everything started getting counted twice. Yeah all the numbers for double what I saw in my Google analytics. I got quite angry actually yell out loud for a little bit and you might think well, maybe Matthias was overreacting. It can't be that big a deal. Oh, yes it is. Think about it. If suddenly Facebook's ads manager or your third party tool reports a sudden doubling of sales. Your strategy is likely to change to capitalize on that like throwing more. Money at it to see if you can scale up that obviously well-performing set. Luckily though. There is a way to check and delete any of these automatic events that you don't want. Yeah, if you go into the events manager and click the event you can actually see how many of them are automatic and how many are manual or sent by you and they also in there they'll tell you how they've identified the events. And you're able to click delete from within their so to reiterate it's worth going into events manager on Facebook and making sure that they haven't automatically added pixel events that you are not aware of. HootSuite is adding a new deep listening tool set to its platform. Thanks to a partnership with brand watch. It will be called HootSuite insights powered by brand watch. Come on guys. Knock it off with the co-branding shit its 2020. Anyway, this is essentially a deep Search tool that lets you run Boolean searches on the Twitter firehose API blogs news sites and so on. It's sort of a confusing name because the name HootSuite insights is a product has been around for years. Years now. So is this a totally new tool with the same name? Is it an upgrade on the existing tool? I wish I could tell you when I went to the web page that Google list says HootSuite insights. I got a 404 file not found and the only information I could find on the HootSuite site showed pretty vector drawings of people jogging and standing in front of a chart. No actual screenshots side topic web app marketers. Please knock this shit off to show us what your tool looks like. Pretty clipart showing how much better our day will be because of it. Anyway HootSuite insights powered by Bryan watch is only available to business and Enterprise customers and even then it is not included in your existing subscription. You've got to call your rep and get it added on for an additional cost not unlike similar services like spread socials premium reporting and there are also limits to the number of searches that can be saved at one time all based on how much money you give HootSuite. It's one of the first things you learn when you take an SEO course create a sitemap for your Brand's website. A sitemap is an XML file that in most cases lists every page on your website and how often that Pages content is expected to change you don't make this file manually yourself. There are tools like WordPress plugins, it will do that for you. But do you need a site map at all? Google says maybe not in its online course about ranking better they say if Our site is relatively small and its pages are all properly linked than their googlebot can find your content just fine without a sitemap. In fact, they say you really only need to go to the hassle of installing a sitemap plugging in one of three cases. Your Brand's website is really large or its web pages are isolated. In other words content you want in Google's index isn't linked or three. Your website is new or the content changes a lot. Also Google says, Just because you have a site map doesn't mean they're bought will crawl every page listed in it. They may still ignore some and the opposite is true too. Just because you didn't include a page in the site map doesn't mean Google won't crawl It Anyway quoting search engine Journal. Although Google doesn't outright recommend that all Sites have a site map. There's no harm in having one. So if you're not sure whether or not your site need one, you can always err on the side of caution and use one anyway. A nice upgrade to YouTube's analytics. Now, you can compare multiple metrics side by side. It's a little buried. So here's how to find it. Click the see more link beside any of the metrics on the overview screen and then click compare to in the top right? This is actually a big deal until now we've only been able to see the performance of one metric at a time. You can also compare month versus month performance or year versus year. You can compare a channels overall top videos from one month. Another or a geographic comparison showing where your audience is coming from from month to month. Nice little additions there quiz time out of 100 digital marketers. How many of you think post videos on Facebook Stories for their brand at least once a week? Sitting down 67. Yeah, 67 percent of marketers post videos on Facebook Stories for their brand at least once a week that's surprised me to a number came from an emoto's most recent social platform insights study. It's not clear to me in the study whether this number includes uses of Facebook Stories in automatic placements of Facebook ad campaigns and I would suspect that that's where the dramatic increase comes from because while I know we run our clients stories inside the Book adds format you so far rarely use Facebook Stories organically certainly not as often as we use Instagram stories other interesting findings from the study 73 percent of marketers, uploaded two or more marketing videos to YouTube in the last month and 59 percent of marketers have run video ads on YouTube in the last year. Well, here we go. Again Instagram is testing a new feature that they basically stole right off the Wait to another platform this time. No surprise. The platforming question is Tick-Tock, which I'm sure has been the subject of a number of Instagrams Executives meetings and the future They're copying reactions and Duets. If you use tick tock you'll know what both are basically the camera videos you watching another video and then chose both to the viewer what you are watching and you watching it sometimes side by side that's a duet sometimes picture-in-picture. That's a reaction people use it to sometimes jointly. Ends together or maybe video their reaction to someone else's video. Well Instagram is testing that in IG TV of all places they call it video reactions is isn't public yet. It only surface through some reverse engineering of Instagram zaps code, but that code shows that this new video reactions option. Lets viewers reply with their own video response quoting social media today. It's difficult to imagine exactly how it would work in an IG TV context on Tick-Tock the short Nature of tick-tock Clips makes them perfect fodder for simple video responses. But IG TV is focused on longer content. I could make it more difficult to add in the same though. Maybe there's a way for Instagram to Showcase certain sections of IG TV videos where people have responded Maybe by simply adding the personal visual nature of video reactions. It will provide more engagement potential for I GTV so not a lot to go on on the stage, but it will be interesting to see if this gets rolled out. And what it will mean for the app, but if you got value from this Daily News show, please rate and review this podcast. You'll find a link in this episode's description that makes that a simple one-click follow me on Social Links to my channels are in this episode's description. I was very excited to watch the premiere of Big Brother Canada yesterday, but our DVR crapped out, they'll be watching it on their website right now. No spoilers PLS also for those of you who care about my farm together progress. I had some melons coming due in about an hour or so. Daddy's gonna be really rich my thanks to Matthias Flink for joining me for an interview from his home in Sweden for this episode. I'm Todd math and see you tomorrow.