Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break.how to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today. First of all, I want to thank you all for listening to the shoot the shit that I did with siren. Hi Justin siren Satterwhite and I guess now siren Cruz those were some good times this she'll just chilling out and shooting the shit with them now got to relive some stories and hear how they're doing. So I appreciate it if you all liked it. And if you have any questions for them, like I said, man, just hit me up. On the gun line at gmail.com you have any questions any advice that you would like or fucking just send me a fucking desperate man. Fuck it. Just send me something God damn it anyways, but that being said I did get an email from the Sheamus McRae Amos. He ended up hitting me up. I'm not going to put his name out there. He did here. I don't know if you heard the podcast or somebody had mentioned it to him, but he reached out to me and I reached out back to him. And I'm just going to bury the hatchet with that shit, but I came to just we talked about it via email. I told him I probably read the email out here, but I'm not sure if I want to do that or not. I'll leave it up to you all and but I'm just going to bury the hatchet with that shit and hopefully he learned his lesson and doesn't do that shit again. You understand. You hear me don't be doing that shit again Sheamus or is going to come down harder. Anyways, I'll Be on the lookout for this weekend as well. We're going to go ahead and be talking with his name is Mark eats Davis. He was an FDC Soldier. I think he became an NCO after I got out. He was a FDC and CEO and I'll be having him on the gun line should be shit with me. He also is on the DVD radio network. If you guys want to look them up his it's his show is the Marquis dirty 30 and again, On TV radio. He's the host of that show The Marquis dirty thirty. So check him out. He's pretty funny pretty Pretty knowledgeable on political shit as well too. So with that being said, you know, thanks for popping the squat about to get hot right now. Y'all we have a topic of discussion that came to me because well I saw something that kind of hurt me. So I'll give you the quick back story is I don't remember where I saw this cat. All right, he was dressed up in a fucking suit like he was going for a job interview or something of that sort and let me preface it by saying that It's cool to be proud of your fucking service. All right, ain't nothing wrong with that. You know show your love for your service. I wear my old man hat, you know a nothing. Those are not being nothing wrong with those but this dude I think he went a little too far man. You guys let me know if I'm wrong for this shit, but this dude all my was don't remember where I was at but he was wearing a suit and tie and on his lapel. I've noticed people, you know, they'll put on like their unit that they're affiliated with or they are salt Wings they're born with Ings shit like that, you know, even the National Defense metal or oef or you know, the little three rivers that you get is shit. The National Defense oef were campaign and fucking G watt or expeditionary. Those are cool man. But this character dude, I bullshit you not this motherfucker was wearing on his lapel of his suit his whole fucking ribbon stack his whole fucking Ribbit stack yo, and the highest award is motherfucker. It was an ark ambra are calm. That that's Thinkin now this might impress anyone that's a civilian. But anyone who knows anything, we're just going to laugh at you brother. I mean if you're going to wear a fucking stack on your lapel. Your whole fucking ribbon stack at that and your highest Award of the fucking our cam brought at least have a goddamn cluster on it. But have some Oak Leaf or dude, you know a v device something bro, but now I mean your I don't get it. I don't fucking get it. You know, it's why are you doing that? Who are you fucking trying to impress my you're going out of your way? I think for motherfuckers to come up to you and say thank you for your fucking service. You're officially become one of those that fit in that category of you're welcome for my service. you know and Like I said, man, I mean at least have a bronze star I mean shit, but even those aren't fucking worse shit nowadays a bronze star. I mean motherfuckers get that shift just for deploying and I doing a fucking thing while deployed you got motherfucking Joe out there ground pound and getting shot at and shooting and he gets a fucking am or are calm as his fucking and at or award meanwhile the Sergeant First Class that hasn't done a goddamn thing, but Shuffle papers, and that's one gets a fucking Bronze Star. Why you get the fucking promotion papers on track? Whoop the fucking do and you get a bronze star for that shit? Yeah, I guess I did just don't have no fucking meaning behind them now. Anyway, that's my motherfucking beef with that shit goddamn in my fucking cigarettes locking lid off. Hold on go. Anyway, so with that being said, yeah that kind of threw me off and it made me want to talk about this. You're welcome for my service people. Now y'all know who you are and you know, some of y'all are probably them. Like I said, there's nothing wrong with being proud of your service bro. But some people go way too fucking far, you know, you got that one dude with the I'm a disgruntled veteran. I do not play well with others dude, come on, man. Really? You're just an asshole. You know get the fuck out of here at the you just want that attention from motherfuckers and what kills me is. It's not like we don't have a bad enough fucking perception by the population of everybody being some kind of a damaged motherfucker. You want to go out there and put that shit on blast. You know, you're just an asshole dude. You're no better than the motherfucker that puts that goddamn sign up during the Fourth of July or during New Year's that says I'm scared because fireworks go off. Shut the fuck up, you know shut the fuck up. How the fuck did I've never in my life never in my fucking life have I known vets that always that all were startled by fucking fireworks or started their fucking conversations with fireworks trigger me man. They remind me of kasaan or Danang, you know. Oh man, if I get a sign is going to say your fireworks don't impress me. That's what I'll put up there go get the Mexican ones next time those motherfuckers allowed. Anyways, that's my first few minutes on that bullshit. You're working full my fucking service motherfuckers that leads me to the other motherfuckers on Facebook man. Those Facebook Rangers fucking keyboard Commandos man. Where do I even start with these cats? You know, they're quick to call the mother fuck up OG when the only place they ever deployed to a fucking Korea or Kuwait. I mean, come on dude, really? Well, you know they did that you really have a hard time when you were at NTC that opted for really fucking Nino. They really come down hard on y'all. The fucking miles gear going off trigger your fucking PTSD to the fuck up. Calling everybody a fucking Pogue when you okay. You're cool. You're a Pogue. Okay, motherfucker yet the real infantry cats. They'll be like, thank you Matt for fucking helping us out during that tick anyways. Yeah, shut the fuck up you combat Commando keyboard Ranger motherfuckers. Anyway, sorry as you can see I'm renting right now and honestly, I forgot my notebook. So if I'm off the rails a little bit is because I don't have my fucking notepad with me. And again, I'm doing this at lunch so I'm probably going a little faster than I wanted to who's next on that fucking list shit the motherfuckers that where their dog tags out man. You guys really want the attention that you're welcome for my service people man. You want the attention so bad. You have your dog tags out. You know what that said? You know, this is common among the new fucking fish. Of the new booties we get it man. You're proud that you just completed the toughest thing I ever had to do in your fucking life, you know having a wake up early in the morning at the ass crack of dawn and make your bed. God. Damn man. That shit was tough for you brother. But no matter how high speed you think you look bro. It's fucking retarded. And then of course, you got to finish the Ensemble that you're wearing got to have those PT shoes with a tight ass fucking jeans that if somebody spray-painted your natural color people will think you're fucking naked. Yeah, you know who you are guy? You're the motherfucker that goes out to the strip joint fucking. Oh Mary, Jane rotten crotch can spot your ass a mile away as a new fucking private gets you to fall in love with her and next thing, you know, you're fucking three months later getting married to her when she's five months pregnant and you swear it's yours. But you love her the fuck out of here. Your and by the way, untuck your fucking shirt, you douche you look retarded who else Falls in this goddamn category of you're welcome for my service motherfuckers with the operator hats Knowing damn. Well, they never left the motherfucking talk, but you know what? I'm not even going to touch on those because I'm a fucking cool. I'm not gonna lie. Those are pretty cool hats. So I'm not going to mess with them. I might even have to make some for the gun line podcast. I gonna lie, it might start singing some shirts to to help with these podcast cost. And shitting cheap y'all will baller on a budget. I'm going to talk about the podcast itself. I mean trying to get the shit needed microphone computer shit like that, you know, I don't know man anyways. Yeah, you cats, you know who you are, man. And then let's go ahead and move on to asking for military discounts. That's another one that gets on me for everything. All right, not just the fucking military discount on some shit that cause like 50 bucks or higher. I think that's okay right there a 50 bucks. I think that's the limit anything higher than that, you know go for it. But when you start asking for military discounts for everything, come on Boss. - it's only 20 bucks. Is it really going to break the bank? Does that extra? 99 Cents you get to keep making Pockets feel fatter. And are you just looking to pull out your ID in front of the person that's behind you so they can say thank you for your service. Is that what it is? Because of that guy is me. I'm going to tell you right now bro. I'm going to tell you put all that shit back where you got it from. Because if you're not even a fucking discount on a $10 or $20 item you need to save money Chief and start following Dave Ramsey's motherfucking program. I mean shit. Like I said, I can understand fifty bucks or more. That's when I usually ask for it. But if it's less I ain't gonna fucking do that shit man, unless they ask me if I'm active or retired and shit, but other than that, I don't say shit. Then anyways, I guess that's just me though. Motherfuckers can I get a discount on that shit bitch come on now and you know what the pain does this shit falls on you too, if any dependence on this evening y'all motherfuckers man, y'all do too much with that shit stop asking for a goddamn discount of the dollar store, man. And you know what y'all depend Yvette's check this out. Don't use your husband's DV plates y'all I seen y'all man. I done seen y'all. All right. Y'all parked in the handicap spot so you don't have to walk your two tons of fun motherfucking ass the extra 50 feet to the entrance. You have a park in the motherfucking handicapped space. You know, what if you're going to do that shit at least have at least at least have the decency to fucking walk out and drag your goddamn leg or fucking put a limp in it man. Make some goddamn effort. You know who you are, you know exactly who you are. You're the same one that has the my husband is a veteran magnet and make it seem like he was some kind of a fucking hero in Baghdad when the fact is all he did was check IDs and fucking Baghdad goddamn dfac. I ID Checker muhfucka talking about you can't come in here with pts. Well the fuck if you don't get on my way. I'm getting up to go plate. Anyway, motherfucker. Anyways, yeah. Those guys get on my fucking nerves to man. Like I said, it's just one of those days where I'm Benton and ratan. How about you all man? Are you all are at out there? You guys have any motherfuckers like to get on your nerves. Hope that coronavirus gets those motherfuckers. Now that coronavirus is killing me to out here. I guess something should happen in San Antonio where they release some light some lady off of Lachlan she went to the mall and now the whole fucking city is having a mass hysteria. They went out and got all the goddamn hand sanitizers all the fucking masks. They're all off. The Shelf like come on dude, really? It's not that serious. Y'all it's not that serious. We got 300 million people here in fucking America and what like maybe a few of those are contagious at this time. Yeah. Anyways, it's just Mother Earth trying to weed out the weak man. That's all it is. Who's next on this goddamn list of people that are on my nerves man? Oh, I know throw in the as a vet. I think we all know who you are. As a vet. My opinion is my fuck your opinion. I don't give a shit. No one cares about your veteran opinion, man. All of a sudden because you're a veteran. You're fucking an expert on geopolitics bitch. You weren't even a sharpshooter on the M4 with a Acog and you're going to give me your expert opinion. The only thing you're probably an expert on is getting raped at the car dealership. So I think it's a Fort Hood with an 18% miles fucking program. Your opinion ain't more important than anybody else is. All right. So stop with that shit y'all stop at the fucking little my expert opinion as a veteran is nobody gives a fuck and shit All right. Y'all look like assholes when you say that that shit man. Now again, be proud of your service y'all but don't try to make it sound like you're better than somebody else man. Then you got those motherfuckers that don't thank me on Memorial day that people are fucking showing you gratitude and you reply with the asshole response of it's not about me. It's about the people that are dead dude. Come on, man. They're just trying to be courteous to you and thanking you now. How about you just say thank you very much. I appreciate the support and then educate them so they don't fucking feel stupid. All right. Remember you're not only representing yourself when you do. Shit, man, you're representing everybody else. That's a veteran. When you do that, you're looking like a fucking dick. All right. Now that person they who thought that they were doing the right fucking thing by showing support is going to think we're all assholes like you y'all fuckers know who you are too. I see y'all fucking Facebook all the time doing that shit. Yeah. And we got the fucking assholes that hated the goddamn service while they were in all they did was talk shit about how they can't wait to get out the military and then when they get out the fucking Army, what are they doing? Good put in a motherfucking pictures up on Veterans Day Out of the proud of that are you know, I'm a proud veteran ice there blah blah blah blah, but no you served. All you did was fucking Talk shit about how much you hate to be in the military. Now, how about you go surf some fucking french fries asshole. That's what you need to go do. Can't stand those motherfuckers. They hated the military, but now won't shut up about it. You're a fucking garbage ass piece of shit. You're the same piece of shit that was on profile half your career. And now that you're out you're posting how physically fit you are goddamn those motherfuckers. They really get me and on these motherfuckers when they were on when we were in formation, you know profiles to the rear of the fucking formation profiles fall out, you know, and then when they get out now, they're getting compensated by the fucking military or by the government because they're disabled. And I see your mother fucking stories and shit of how you're going to the gym and being a fucking stud getting all that muscle and cardio and losing all the weight where the fuck was that person when we were in a motherfucking military. Where were you at then, huh? That's some bullshit as a matter of fact you guys I'm a w all the shit bags of the week. That's what y'all are your the shitbags of the week. That's right. I'm gonna start bringing that shit in on the midweek memo. We're going to shout out them fucking shitbags of the week. And that's going to be you to this week guys, you motherfuckers that were profiles to the rear profiles fall out and all of a sudden when you get out now, you're fucking a PT stud. Fuck that. Yeah, I think imma leave it at that with this one. Anyways, y'all so with that said that's my fucking midweek memo of the week man. I'ma leave it at that one today. Those motherfuckers are go out there. going overboard on your fucking thank-you for my service shit. Y'all kill me now check it. You know, I have my old man hat, you know, it says Iraq Afghanistan war vet and I got that and it has a three ribbons on their National Defense service medal Iraq campaign medal Afghanistan campaign medal got those on there. I'm not going to put my whole fucking stack on it chief. And nobody needs to see that shit on your bumper car e on the bumper of your car either around your whole fucking stuck. Come on brother. I understand you're having to I served in Iraq. I probably cool man have that shit be proud of your service, but don't fucking go overboard on that shit, huh? All right. Who are you trying to impress? My what's the next you going to go? Write a fucking book about the Glory Days that you never fucking had reliving other people's stories. Just like we talked with gunny Satterwhite. Come on now. And again y'all Memorial Day is coming up. Don't be that asshole. Don't be that asshole that goes out there when the fucking civilian population is coming to you and tell you thank you for your service, you know, tell them thank you. I appreciate it and then educate them like hey, you know this day is to be remember is for the dead, you know. No, you don't got to be on Facebook telling people don't thank me, you know just say thank you and educate man. So anyway, that'll be this with week midweek memo. That's going to be it for today. Y'all next week. We're going to talk about fucking boots and uniform to can squared away. I saw some shit that motherfucker's were complaining about I never understood why they made us fucking iron or press our uniforms. It makers Sean our boots why motherfucker because if you look good you feel good. That's why you dumb piece of shit. But anyway, we'll talk about that shit on the next one. As a matter of fact. I want to know some feedback. I want feedback from y'all, you know about that shit. What do y'all think? What are your opinions on the boots and uniform looking squared away and shit back in the day when we were beating use hit me up on the gun line at gmail.com. Also with that. I got a fucking guest coming on on for the shoot to ship Saturday. His name is Marquise. I talked about am already on DV Net radio. Make sure our DV radio dotnet check them out man the Marquis dirty 30 So with that being said y'all hope you all enjoyed this fucking podcast. Thanks for popping The Squat and shout outs real quick to under the net. That's my old cheese fucking podcast. Haven't heard his Monday drop. So hopefully it's coming out here soon, but it's not a bad. It's pretty cool man. It's got a more a of integrating the civilian life and the military life. He's got people of all fuck. walks of life coming to his podcast and you know bring them all together man. It's pretty cool. So with that being said y'all again the old man hat that doesn't fit the description of you're welcome for my service. That's a time-honored tradition. All right. Oh man hats are okay. So rock those motherfuckers out. Again, if I'm just out of like an asshole, let me know. Let me fucking know will it change my point of view? I fucking doubt it, but that's all I got to say for the day man. I appreciate y'all hanging out with me. I gave you all good 22 minutes here of just me ranting about some bullshit. And yeah. If y'all can like And subscribe this shit, I don't know how this shit works man. I don't know if people can hear me or see it or how you can subscribe. I don't fucking know. I don't even know how many people are listening to me. I probably got all fucking all 10 people who fucking like my shit and I appreciate y'all man. I appreciate the support and hoping that it gets you through your day while you're stuck in traffic taking a shit or on your drive. You know, I already said that dumbass. So yeah while you're stuck in traffic taking a shit or having your coffee now. I hope you all enjoy this shit. It's just basically to go ahead and get your mind off the fucking world for a minute. So. y'all let me know what y'all think and I'll be waiting to hear from y'all man again on the gun line at gmail.com. Hit me up when he kind of information or if y'all want to talk about something or if you want to be a guest on shooting the shit man. I'm always about, you know learning about other people's Adventures, huh? So hope to hear from you all love peace and hair grease with that being said and around I'm already fucking ass shit of goddamn. Yeah, I just fucking did that. Like I said, I don't have my fucking notepad with me. All right, don't hate. Anyways, love peace and hair grease y'all with that said. Ralph's complete and the mission gun line out y'all I don't fuck it all up. Stay safe when I stay away from the coronavirus laters. gun line out