This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High. Energy injuries, for example a motor vehicle accident Associated conditions include certain fractures like acetabular fractures femoral head fractures femoral neck fractures and or proximal femoral faces fractures, as far as acetabular fractures that are lower incidence of acetabular fracture is compared with adults due to the cartilaginous acetabulum and ligamentous. Laxity. Keep in mind. However, if there is an acetabular fracture posterior wall fractures are the most common remember that there is an increased rate of avascular necrosis of the femoral head. If the hip is not reduced within six hours again, there is an increased rate of avascular necrosis of the femoral head if it's not reduced within 6 hours as far as the prognosis of pediatric traumatic hip dislocations, these injuries are typically associated with good long-term outcomes, when treated promptly most patients have mild or no pain and most patients return to high demand activities. Patients with the Pediatric traumatic hip dislocation present with symptoms of pain and inability to bear weight on physical exam. You may notice that the hip is posteriorly dislocated which is the most common and this manifests as slight flexion adduction and internal rotation of the limb again, a posterior dislocation of the hip manifests as slight flexion adduction and internal rotation of the limb, you will also notice clinical limb length discrepancy, and if there's a large posterior wall acetabular Fracture the limb can appear shortened without malalignment. If you find an anterior hip dislocation this manifests as slight flexion abduction and external rotation again, an anterior hip dislocation manifests as slight flexion abduction and external rotation an inferior dislocation manifest as external rotation and extension again, an inferior dislocation manifests as external rotation and extension finally on physical exam. You must do a neurovascular assessment and make sure to check for sciatic or gluteal nerve palsy, which are rare as far as Imaging recommended views on radiographs include an AP lateral and post-reduction films. Most hip dislocations can be diagnosed on AP pelvis films. The lateral is used to differentiate between anterior versus posterior dislocations. Remember to scrutinize the femoral neck to rule out a fracture prior to attempting closed reduction post-reduction films are necessary. Inspect for joint incongruity or non concentric reduction again, post-reduction films are necessary to inspect for joint incongruities or non concentric reduction findings on radiographs include loss of congruence of the femoral head within the acetabulum a CT scan is the second choice behind MRI for any abnormal findings on post-production radiographs such as joint widening. However, radiation exposure should be considered as far as findings on CT make sure to inspect for joint incongruity or non concentric reduction osteochondral fragments can be seen in older children and are easily detected by CT. However interpose soft tissue can be difficult to appreciate on a CT scan and MRI is the study of choice for any abnormal findings on post-production radiographs such as joint widening and it has the added advantage of decreased radiation exposure than the CT scan as far as findings on an MRI just like a CT make sure to inspect for joint incongruity or not. Centric reduction osteochondral fragments can be seen in older children. However are more easily detected by CT interpose soft tissue. However is best evaluated with an MRI and then trapped labrum or capsule is also best evaluated with an MRI. So again, osteochondral fragments are better seen on a CT while interposed soft tissue and entrapped labrum or capsule are best seen on MRI treatment of pediatric traumatic hip dislocations can be non operative or Opera. Give non-operative management includes closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation within six hours non-operative management includes closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation within six hours. Remember that urgent attempt at closed reduction is the first-line treatment for a pediatric traumatic hip dislocation. Keep in mind that most are successfully reduced with closed means specifically 85% of these cases are successfully reduced closed as far as outcomes as we mentioned earlier there is An increased risk of avascular necrosis if closed reduction is not performed within six hours again, there's an increased risk of avascular necrosis. If the closed reduction is not performed within six hours operative options include open reduction, which is indicated for non concentric reduction intra-articular fragments unstable acetabular Rim fracture with an Associated femoral head or neck fracture or if the hip dislocation is irreducible by closed means again these indications for open reduction. Include non concentric reduction intra-articular fragments unstable acetabular Rim fracture or an Associated femoral head or neck fracture or if the hip dislocation is irreducible by closed means as far as the technique for an open reduction, the surgical approach is typically performed in the direction of the dislocation, which is most commonly posterior. Again, the surgical approach is typically performed in the direction of the dislocation, which is most commonly posterior. Now, let's go over the closed reduction. Technique in a bit more detail as far as the reduction adequate anesthesia or sedation during the reduction is mandatory in order to decrease the risk of displacing an unrecognized fracture of the proximal femoral epiphysis again, adequate anesthesia or sedation during reduction is mandatory in order to decrease the risk of displacing an unrecognized fracture of the proximal femoral epiphysis reduction under fluoroscopy has been recommended to decrease the risk of displacement due to the possibility of epiphyseal. Lysis again reduction under fluoroscopy has been recommended to decrease the risk of displacement due to the possibility of epiphyseal Isis reduction for a pediatric traumatic hip dislocation involves mainly traction and flexion with a gentle rotation maneuver post-production. Make sure to test hip stability before winning sedation. Then you will obtain post-production Imaging and some Advocates spica casting or bed rest with an abduction splint for four weeks in patients less than 10 years old. Or bracing an older children with 6 to 12 weeks of protected weight bearing on crutches some complications to be aware of after a pediatric traumatic hip dislocation include osteonecrosis cocks a Magna tree dislocation or nerve injury osteonecrosis is reported in three to fifteen percent of patients. There is a decreased incidence in patients under age five. This is less frequent than an adult's if there is an absence of an Associated femoral neck fracture and if present osteonecrosis, This is thought to be related to delayed reduction. Again, if osteonecrosis is present. This is thought to be related to delayed reduction. Coxa. Magna is a common radiographic finding in 20% of patients. However, it is not associated with functional limitation re dislocation is a rare sequelae and treatment is prolonged immobilization and if recurrence and recalcitrant to immobilization, make sure to address this with capsulorrhaphy finally as far as nerve injury sadek or gluteal nerve injury can occur. And usually resolves after reduction. Okay. So now that we've gone over the major points about this topic. Let's go over a few questions to apply the information and get a sense of how this topic has been tested on pass exams the first question reads. A three-year-old male is an unrestrained backseat passenger in a car involved in a head-on collision. An injury rated graph shows a posterior dislocation of the right hip in the skeletally immature individual a delay in achieving a concentric reduction has been shown to increase the risk of and the choices are one coxa Magna deformity to recurrent post-traumatic dislocation of the hip three chondral Isis for heterotopic ossification and 5 avascular necrosis. The correct answer to this question is 5 avascular necrosis. So delayed reduction of a posterior dislocation of the hip has been shown to increase the risk of avascular necrosis to quickly review pediatric hip dislocations are uncommon post your dislocations are most common the incidence of avascular necrosis ranges from zero to forty three percent in younger children defined as less than 6 years old minimal force is required to dislocate the hip because of general ligamentous laxity and a mostly cartilaginous acetabulum as a result associated. Popular fractures are uncommon in the Pediatric population as the child's age increases greater force is required as the structures become more rigid other complications include femoral head deformity premature Faisal Fusion sciatic nerve injury recurrent hip instability degenerative. Arthritis control Isis Cox a magnet deformity and missed ipsilateral femoral shaft fractures Cuddy at all, discuss traumatic posterior hip dislocations in children. They comment that avascular necrosis this rates or 6% 13% and 66% If reduction occurs within four hours between 5 to 24 hours and greater than 24 hours respectively Hamilton at all examined 18 cases of traumatic hip dislocation in childhood meantime to reduction with six hours with the range being between 3 to 22 hours meantime to follow up with 70 months with a range of 17 to a hundred and thirty two months. There was no cases of avascular necrosis or early to generate changes moving on to the next question a ten-year-old boy sustained a posterior hip dislocation immediate closed reduction was performed in the emergency room with Conscious Sedation post-production radiographs and post-production CT scan show a non concentric reduction and an intra-articular fragment. What is the next appropriate step in management? And the choices are one repeat closed reduction to skeletal traction for 1 month 3 hip arthritis me via a posterior approach for hip arthritis me via an anterior approach. and five weight bearing as tolerated with close follow-up and serial radiographs the correct answer to this question is three hip arthritis me via a posterior approach. So after a posterior hip dislocation post-production radiographs must be assessed for joint congruent e and articular widening persistent joint income grew Ade is likely to be caused by soft tissue interposition consisting of a torn labrum, including the lateral acetabular apophysis a post-reduction. CT can be performed to look for interposed bones / osteochondral elements located within the hip joint Surgical. Separation of osteochondral fragments is warranted since the patient had a posterior dislocation. The posterior structures have already been disrupted and further disruption of the anterior structures through an anterior approach is not the best choice the alley at all reviewed 35 patients that were seen with a hip dislocation over a 22-year period eight patients were found to have post-production joined asymmetry and underwent arthritis me with excision of the osteochondral fragment 34 of 35. Had good or excellent results with one patient suffering poor results and total head avascular necrosis after dislocation that was reduced 24 hours later quick and Eastwood state that pediatric pelvic injuries are rare and quote. There is no substantial evidence base for the surgical treatment of most injuries in contrast quote. There's increasing evidence to support and appropriately prompt and aggressive operative approach to the treatment of femoral neck fractures and other injuries to the hip joint to reduce the incidence of Your complications and their accompanying disabilities. The inherent complication of avascular necrosis has been found only to be statistically linked to a delay between dislocation and reduction. That's all for this review about pediatric traumatic hip dislocations. Hopefully that was helpful. This is the ortho bullets podcast a daily audio review session by Ortho bullets the free learning and collaboration Community for orthopedic surgery education. Keep in mind that this podcast is designed to go. Along with the topics on Ortho bullets.com. If you've gotten any value from the ortho bullets podcast so far. Please consider leaving us a five star rating and writing as a review on Apple podcasts. It will help us spread the word and increase our discoverability tremendously. Thanks so much and we'll see you all tomorrow.