Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to be fucking nice. I don't have to do shit there right there. Put the fucking headphones on. Tired of this shit. Let's go remember it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis Jacko motherfucking Tchaikovsky nipples, if you had your way this would be a fun. Paramount for know what's up everybody? Welcome back to just jokes. Number nine. I am your co-host the king of sluts Tommy. Oh god king of sluts. And I am your other co-host the king of the slopes Jacko Tchaikovsky King of the slot seat. Hey, do you think do you think Carly's gonna fucking appreciate that? I don't care he doesn't care. Early shove it up your cram hole he doesn't care. If you're a slut. He's coming after you just getting we have had we just got we went to Starbucks. We each got a little bit extra caffeine than we normally got Tommy has a total of four shots of espresso in him. My heart rate is a hundred fifty right Jesus Christ. He's sweating profusely on let's first off for everyone we My computer is shot. I can't it I editing video is no longer a possibility. So for the next maybe like month or so until I figure something out we're going to be Audio Only I'm going to make a post about that. But anyway, yeah. Anyway, we went to Starbucks. I got what's called a venti. It's the biggest thing they offer I was feeling venti. So we got one of those and tummy got just an ungodly amount of caffeine. We're gonna go right into that store because we literally we just Finished we just watched the episode. Any initial thoughts it was like man, I these episodes just keep getting weaker and weaker. I think yeah, it sucks. I hate them. So annoying. It is really annoying peter-puffer dumb fucked up. Yeah Peter pussy the we seriously we seriously don't think he's a real pilot. The only thing that he can pilot is his relationships into the ground, so He fought what like what I did I'll it was so unmemorable. We just watch it. I've already forgotten it. Okay, so who's left hands left? They went in and madisonian and and in Victoria, so there's just the episode is spoil or to me. It's been a fucking week Hannah an and Victoria both get some of that that Peter windmill dick. You know, it seemed like it for handshake. Oh, yeah for sure. Fuck. Yeah be shirtless the next morning with what they definitely yeah, definitely fucked and then Madison was like before that happened Madison was like if you fuck those other girls than that's it and then he did it and now he's like all crying and being a baby because she's like she wants to walk away. Yeah, I don't know and he's just like like what like what I hated that it took them an hour and a half to tell that fucking for that episode to happen. Well, I mean we need to see that the dates because we're trying to figure out who he's gonna pick. Okay? Yeah, so we need to see how he interacts with everybody. I'm just tired of watching all the bullshit dude. I'm over it. I know. Yeah, it's I mean, I'm like so on Madison side to she's literally like hey, I'm not comfortable with. Oh, what do you mean nothing? Why did you just make a face and then lean forward and go? Oh because I'm clenching my butt hole right now. Why look at those four shots of espresso or hitting me? Seriously right now Frankie. Stop. What do you mean already? It's been hours. It's been an hour just finished pull the fucking pull your face doesn't make you an idiot. Do you know you've dealt with this our ninth one? This is like our probably 15th episode. I don't care. Well, pull your fucking face. We'll make up tonight suck hole and don't lick your lips like a salamander at me. Anyway, Madison is like hey, I don't want you to propose to me next week. If you fucked two girls six days before. Oh, yeah, which is the proper. Yeah. That's what she shows a yeah. Well, she said yeah, but then they like they talk about Hannah and Victoria talk to each other about how that's fucked up because it's like almost like an ultimatum for her to like his fucking fucked up for her to say that to him. Yeah, it's not it's yeah, it's not but also they should I don't know why they even care. I don't know why they're worried about it. He fucked both of them. Yeah, like so clearly that he doesn't give a shit about it. Yeah, that's them and then they show like they show like the preview for the next week is like him crying like she's like, maybe you should I go like it looks like it's like should I go after Madison and it's like she doesn't show up. Yeah. She doesn't show up. Yeah, and it's like dude you're an idiot. That's literally just Brain, she told you what was going to happen. Yeah, and why and now that you can't have her your brain is tricking you into thinking that that's the one for you what you should have done is not fucked anyone of them and then made a choice on who you want to smash the most whose titties. You want to suck on Whose clit you sort of wanted to maybe rub with the tip of your penis for sticking it in who's but you want to squeeze in the throes of passion whose mouth You want wrapped around your balls? Sometimes when you talk about sex dude, I get the sense that you don't know how to do it. Like you don't know what you what to do. I've been named, you know, when people talk about something and you can kind of tell yeah, absolutely. They are making it up and like yeah, don't they have no idea what? Yeah, that's that's just I whoo-hoo back here who he wants to put his Penis on the inside of their thigh and just sort of rub it around whose legs he wants to shave after a long hike who's you know, it's not there's a famous quote in one of the more recent rom-com. Actually, it's not very recent all but starring. You look Kunis and Justin Timberlake the great the late great, Woody Harrelson says, it's not about who you You want to spend Friday night with it's about who you want to spend all day Saturday with and I think that's what he I and and and you know what? I think that's a bitch slap a truth. So he shouldn't have fought that so he either should have somehow. Had his way with Madison or he should have just not fucked all them not gonna serious know but whatever he did what he did and now the show's fucked and I hate how they're like and then his parents are like bring her home bring her back to us as what love stories. Yeah, you know, she said bring her back to us. Whose ass, who's us. Are you you get her is it is she for yeah just goes on a bender. And yes, yeah. Yes, I fucked it. Yeah fuck. Fuck you, Peter. I'm just gonna suck all these Australian dicks. Yeah, have you enjoying Australia so far? I'm so good at accents. Dude. You should do more do more of them. Okay, never mind. Forget I said that don't be sorry. Yeah, that's a bad African accent. Um anyway, yeah fuck The Bachelor and I'm done with it. Fuck the bachelor. I just want to know what How It Ends that's all. Yeah. Me too. I want to watch anymore. Just want to know how it ends. Yeah, I know. Peter what you thinking about my peter? Yeah. I can't wait to see it. Stop it. Okay, it's gonna be a while only like twenty six is cry now and now that we don't have to fuck yo. What the fuck? I oh, yeah, I guess it's kind of our fault. Yeah. Well, thanks a we're going to Studio soon. And once we know yeah, we are big big news. We it's confirmed. We are getting us to know how big the spaces I do not I hope I'm so excited. I am to I hope it's a decent amount. I'm just gonna like go there after work and chill out and not go home. I'll be there go in there too, because I have done shit. We should get it set up a bed. There we go. Well, we're going to get like a couch for the guests a shitty one, but we'll have one cool. Yeah, it's like a futon. Yeah, it'll be yeah some bullshit futon. But yeah, we do have a studio. It's going to be awesome. We can get crepes and then walk over to the studio. It's right knock. Yeah, dude. It's right. It's right next door. Yo, maybe um, all right next on the list, Tommy you wanted to talk about the Boy Scouts the Boy Scouts of America and the going out of business out of business who me too many child molestation the lawsuits the Boy Scouts just got tired of having their peepees touched. Scoutmaster scoutmaster Ricky, what's this merit badge? Why is my penis out shut up and you keep quiet you want to be an eagle scout. That's how you'll admit me kakaw. That's how you got your Eagle Scout, right? Nope. Will Colonel he was our patrol leader. I had him Forge me all the Way up and tell me that's right all the way up to life. Oh, man ever, maybe star. Yeah. We were me entire both in the Boy Scouts. Where did you ever get fondled know you did though? Not dude. Yeah. That's all scoutmaster Dan Dan. Yeah, Dan. Why does everyone say that that happens but I can't remember it. Well, I don't probably because you've blocked it from him like yeah. It's a repressed memory. No dude. That's that's a myth. No, it's not. It's I have a psychology degree. That's Of the math. No, it's not dude. You were pressed that memory everything dude that nice than like he wasn't around after that after we went to summer camp and he took you into the latrine and then they were like, where's Jack? Oh, he should be he should have checked back in where's his buddy? And you know, we do the buddy system. Yeah the voices and I don't know who you it wasn't me? I wasn't you but this is what happened. I went up every morning because I have I had arthritis and I was still taking medicine at the moment. Oh, yeah, and they have to hold on to your pills, which it was annoying and he was at and there's a big box of them because and and like like I'm gonna overdo like I'm gonna take too much of my fucking Laura flat glorified Tylenol. Like what do you like? I can I've been doing it for years ago. Let me have my pills. Let me have my pain. She's I'll I pass right? But anyway, he's like, oh your pills aren't with all the other ones there in my tent and I was like, okay and he was like here just come to my tent and I remember be I just I remember being like why is your tent so far away from everybody else's and then after that I you know, I I'm pretty sure and then after that me it was me. Me and it was me and you we were at the blot that diving. Yeah, so I think there's a there's a block of time. You don't remember that's right impressed that memory. I don't what yeah, but the but we were at the pond playing in the water. All right. But anyway, yeah, they're going fucking bankrupt. That's crazy. Yep. The Boy Scouts were so fun for me though. You know, I had a lot of fun just one they started letting girls into Oh, yeah, dude, that's probably that's always really ramped. It ramped up just before the girls came in because they knew that I don't know. I don't know where I was going with that. I was thinking maybe like they're like, oh, we got a jerk-off all these little kids or like whatever it is. I don't know whatever they whatever you sick fucks do whatever you like. I don't even know that were like, how how does molesting a kid work when you what do you mean? How does it work? Like just like like who fucks who like why don't understand like how does the kid get hard? I guess it went out happened to me. What's my cousin? Well with my cousin I got hard. That's a story for another time though. I don't know if I'm ready to tell them like so openly even though I tell it on stage. Um, Fuck. Yeah foldable table. I will eventually if we hit if we hit 50 subscribers once we learn, you know, once we get 200 listeners estimated listeners, hmm, I'll tell that story. We still have to have her 69 party. Yeah, we do it. Well, let's wait for it to warm up. Dude. Still pretty cold out nice out today. Yeah, it is nice outside. Um, we're talking about the weather is getting shitty facial hair chart. Oh, yeah. So coronavirus is on the rise there. 21:26 26 unconfirmed in our state of Missouri. Oh wait in Missouri. Yeah, there's not they're not confirmed. They're just being monitored for Oh, I thought there was twenty six in the nation. Oh, no, there's 20. There's 20 people in Missouri being monitored. Oh damn and they're CDC released this like this like facial hair chart because people are gonna have to start wearing masks foolish, dude. I've been farting And since I sat down last year, I will man stop. I'm I know it's just on my it's just in my head anyway, and it just does this chair that I'm in is like a fucking bubble. Like it just goes up here and then goes right into my face. I hate it but I like but anyway the CDC released a fucking facial facial hair chart, like what kind of facial hair can prevent prevent you from getting grown up wearing wearing like the mask or whatever? Yeah tells you which Those are okay and which that was are not. Okay. Yeah, and I encourage you all to go. Look at those the chart. It's quite a hoot. There's a lot of funny names but I don't get that. What does fit like it can get on your face like your hair like what is your hair have to do with it? I don't know. I have hair on my flight to shave my eyebrows fucking like what the fuck what's the difference between hair on the way on my cheek and then my eyebrows? And fucking get it. I'll fucking get it. But anyway, there's this one must there's a mustache that they've they've named the toothbrush and what it is is it's a Hitler mustache. It's a Hitler mustache mustache. And I know he did a lot of terrible things and I'm not a Hitler apologist. I don't know. I believe that the Holocaust happened. It was awful what he did to your people was terrible timing on my people your people a year old Jewish your polish. I'm not Jewish your polish. Anyone has Jewish blood it to you, but you are Jewish Hill is like Hill it no, it's not when time yeah, but we remember you showed me the document setup. Coney Island no and it's was he'll Steen but they decided to take that off. Oh, yeah, Jill Stein. Yeah that was used to be your name last name anyway. I feel like he at least deserves that mustache to be called the Hitler because nobody can wear that mustache why that mustache is even on there is a little bit anti-semite and itself. They're like, hey, this one's okay. No, it's not. That's what it should have been left off. Now that I'm thinking about it now that it's in my head. It's like why I have that one on there. You fucking anti-semites. I can't even grow hair there but underneath my nose, that's because it doesn't you're Jewish and all all Jewish people. After born after 1945 are biologically predisposed to not grow any hair where Hitler had his trip. It's it's a it's a it's a born bred fact that say hey and you know what? That is what that's science. Oh, okay because you would know the I am Sir Psycho, mr. Science science major. Um, anyway, just check out the chart. I like I don't know whatever file get fog it house. How's your life going? Dude? It's good. It's good. Dude. Yeah, yeah, I gave up I gave up being what are you gonna give anything up? I don't know. I haven't thought about it. Well, actually I had thought about it. But like well the whole reason why people do that are like the church, like originally you're supposed to fast in like the I know that you're supposed to like just not eat anything at all. That's what a fast is just water. But the church figured people are going to be able to do that. So they like no meat. Yes. I thought that would be easier for Christians to and people still getting fucking do that. Well, like it's not realistic like oh who gives a shit it's good for you should be eating it you want if you want a fast just fast for a couple days and not eat for a couple deliver and me you Brady and Casey all tried to go in grade school. We all were you part of that where we all just tried to fast as long as he could. Don't know. I don't remember. I went three days without eating anything. Yeah. Yeah. I think I think Casey Casey probably went the longest because that dude goes hard the third day is the hardest day of the long guy six days. I couldn't I mean I literally couldn't think after its. Yeah up until the third day like after the third day you don't even think about it anymore and like you feel great and like you can I don't know it's weird. It says all changes in their body makes yeah, so whatever fuck it. I think I'm maybe I'll just stick to the maybe I'll make my own ass. You don't Easter. You know, you should give up. What being a bitch. What are you talking to you? You are such a bitch Howard name to bitch things that I that well the way you're sitting right now. That's the bank the Jovi spread. Yeah. I'm Jovi spread dude. Hey, I people say that they hate it when you say it like that do they actually? Yeah, who says that I've heard from two different people. They're like, yeah definitely don't sit like that Jaco who guys Are girls both one guy one girl and I won't go on another names. I don't I don't care what you want. You're a bad guy. You're just a bad person. Maybe you should give up maybe instead of getting up something. You should try and be a better friend. Yeah, maybe give up. Give a fuck. Calories. Hey, you said you weren't going to do any more fed, right? You're right. You're right. You're right. Maybe I'll give up fat shaming from I'm not fucking fat dude two people last night dad's made comments about like know three three, three people make comments around my fucking late last night. Yeah, one of the girls friends came up to me. I was after I gave her a hug. Yeah, that's why I think she said it because I gave her a hug and well, she said she didn't recognize you. I felt my muscles well because my beard probably yeah that too. Yeah, well yeah, I mean as long as y'all know face facial hair, yeah, it looks good dude you look you you have a good piece yeah, you have a good face for talking facial hair, you know what you would fucking rock you'd Rock a great Wolverine. Oh, yeah, I could do that. Yeah, you can do it it would be it's like I got the body type to know you have to change structure for that. Other than that just nothing I should recreate that scene where he pops out of the water once he gets so is mad at me. What's it called? Adamantium? Yeah. Yeah, you could but it would have to be a little bit larger for box. Yeah and doing it. Oh shit. You're right. Fuck I can rise to well. No because he's an actor dude actors are short. Here, you're a bigger guy like Brad Pitt's only five like five five. Holy shit. Is he really? Yeah, I'm pretty sure he's like super short which I was so fun and no Tom Cruise is really sure Tom Hardy supposed to be hella short to yeah. There's this video on YouTube where it's it's like 30 minutes long, but it's just of Tom Cruise sprinting in every one of his movies and it's the funniest thing ever. But to me, it's it's so funny to watch that little dude run. It's a little dude. It's so funny thing about all the all these Actors are so small because you could just see him in public in there. Probably huge pussy. I've seen all the units flap away because they're always planes. Yeah badasses on TV. Yeah, it's always Brad Pitt's 511. I totally Brad Pitt if you're listening, I apologize Landon pit if your list I probably should've said I want to believe that that's his cousin. Yeah. It's like his cousin that went to Mizzou. If you're listening to this. I don't know you guys tight. No, I have never met him before in my life. I've just seen him. Just no no. Yes, gotcha. But I'm sorry about your I'm sorry about saying that about your cousin. I apologize and you know what? I'm not gonna be. I'm not gonna bleep out. His name is don't give a fuck. Yeah. Whoo. No one gives yeah, come on motherfucker. Slap me with a lawsuit might one of my good friends is going to be a lawyer. They'll fuck you up. Legally. We will do legal Jiu-Jitsu to rest of you two of my good friend. You did give up something for a long time you gave up jacking off, right? Yeah right around the same time. Yeah. It was I think it was a maybe a few days before it. Was it on Ash Wednesday? No. Well, I announced it on Ash Wednesday, right? Yeah. Yeah, so I guess I going Horrible, it has been awful. So I have we've sort of made up not want not like a pretty good step. I have I have made it to the bed. I'm now able to oh, you're not sleeping on the couch anymore. No more couch. She's next to me. But the thing is is that I want to come like I want sex. I want to grab on her boobies. I want to grab on her on her on her, but I want to run my fingers all over her body may be on the inside of her mouth maybe up her cavities. Um, I want to take my penis and put it in some holes. Yeah. This is what I'm talking about. It sounds like you don't know what the fuck, you know, dude. I know a lot about sex like I want to like I want to put my tongue in between the flippy floppies dear. But anyway, So this is what this is literally what happens. I'm so horny for sex all the time now. we were God this is so fucking whatever I don't get embarrassed so I don't give a shit so we're pretty sure dude I know we're spooning on the couch right I know she can feel how rock-hard I am any poking her oh I'm poking her oh I'm poking her we're playing Jack is playing poker with my fucking Jack of Spades Magic Stick yeah um Like the way we are she's got just the perfect rump and it's my Pinot use that for my I hate that word so much. She's got her bum bum is just so gorgeous and amazing and just perfect but the way we are is like both her butt cheeks sort of like wrap right around my rock-hard dick and I'm like, oh oh, oh, I need this to be a I need this to go in her, but I need this to go in. Where I mouth something, I'm like so fucking hard and in the nighttime in the nighttime, I I was just hoping but also she is on its she's it's shark week. So she is his blood in the water the queen. Yes. She is. Yes. I'm trying to I was trying to think of something but I like that there's blood in the water. So that's you know, and I don't want to do anal and I don't She wants to have sex with Rick with me. I don't know who would that's so mean, dude, you're supposed to as a friend. You're supposed to talk me out. Well, apparently someone does do true. We'll get into that. Um, we will get that we will get into but anyway, So anyway, we're and then eventually like I'm like fuck whatever, you know, I mean, it never goes down. Um, well I was probably hard all night to be honest longer than four hours call you doctor I didn't have a doctor anymore. But anyway, I got we go to sleep. We wake up. Are you naturally horny in the morning? Absolutely. Okay, cool. Me too. I wake up. My penis is hungry from the night before because he was starved and now he's now he's ravenous. Okay, he's fucking like you feel more aggressive. Yes. Yeah, especially after that I was like, yeah, please but anyway, and then she like every time she like moves a little a bit like her but I'm like fuck this and I was literally I was so horny. And it I almost just by thinking about it. I almost climax, that'd be pretty amazing. Yeah. I know like just thinking about it and then and then she leaves and I have to go to work. My balls have my whole area has never hurt that bad before that was the worst blue balls I've ever had in my life. It hurt all day. That's weird that it hurts you doing I didn't dude. Well, I guess I wasn't really getting close for a while. It was I mean, it was terrible and then and then I see her at work, you know, and I just see her body and my peepee remembers than just like the north remembers. So does my pee pee? That aggressive feeling do I really like that when I was not? Yeah, I don't get hate. Don't get you don't get used to that. Don't get used to what don't get used to having your way. Oh, I can't look to the camera. Yeah, you know who you are anyway, but yeah god dude, and that's why morning heads the best. But anyway, what I'm getting I'm getting at a larger point is since I can't do this in my penis. Do you? We're friends, right? If you saw me with like a hurt knee or like a like a broken arm, you'd want to help me write because I'm in pain as your as your friend. I guess like like if you're having trouble with something, yeah, and you're and I'm like, I like like I'm physically in pain. I'm in a lot of pain and you're like and I'm like fuck please like this hurts so bad. You'd want to help me. You want to reach out to be like, okay, let's get you to the hospital or let's what can I do to make this pain go away. I don't know but that okay for it for all of you for all of you listening. This is me setting up a bit and Tommy shutting it down immediately because he's a fucking goddamn idiot. I know where you're going with this and I don't like that's why yeah, you know where I'm going so set it up so that it's funnier, but you are allergic to being funny and putting yourself in a in a place to make people laugh now think of how much fun here to Ben what if you like? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I do like that. Yeah, I would absolutely do that. And then I asked you to jerk me off. Yeah. And I saw that coming a mile away. So miss me with that shit. That's what that's literally what a bit is, you know where it's going so, you know how to react but you don't want to do and then you say you want to do sketches you what you want to do for you. Yeah, so go fuck yourself. There you are that's literally behind the scenes of Tommy just being uneducated communica lie. Fuck you, dude. That wouldn't be I mean, it was a bit fuck you and you know what the people listening are probably saying fuck Tommy to because they just missed out on a great opportunity to have a laugh. You're fat. I'm sorry. No, you're not. Anyway, whatever dude we're 30 minutes, then we're just cruising through. What I don't know so I just I don't know it's hard because what do you mean what plugs shifters dumbass nicotine things in your fucking mouth? Not that kind of helps dolls it yeah helps you not be phony or like as at work. I guess they don't know against dude. I'm not a comedian. Neither. Am I? Yeah. Well, yeah, you need to start going to shows I did you missed it. Oh, yeah, I did I went on stage and time. The place is weird dude. The whole setup was weird. Yeah, that's all we have is a tiny little fucking bar on a tiny stage a stump. And you said your I told you that the show started eight and I got there at 8:15 know you guys got there at 8:30 and can you explain to me why you were late? We left and like 740 didn't realize how far was and then we couldn't find. Where were you? my house I don't know where your house is anymore. So I don't know how far away it is. And then And then we can find parking and then she saw a cat and yeah, we won't had a walk-in. So I guess my thing is Carly for you listening when you're supposed to be somewhere. Don't be chasing a cat. Absolutely 150 fucking percent. Don't be chasing a cat. Yeah that took up like a minute and I was no time at all. She got mad at me because I told you. you I don't care she got a charley horse the other night and during the throes of passion. That's like during sex. Where do you have it and she's like, you know, hey, what's this during sensor before? I really get it. Why because it was funny. Oh, it's funny to hit girls. Wow, ladies and gentlemen guest star today Chris Brown. Can you sing us your favorite song Chris Brown? I don't know. Why don't you? Yep, that's it me in a hotel room. I'm beating your ass into eternity. You do more songs. We you I know do that that it's I've been thinking about that but that was honestly a day where I was just like feeling I felt something I got a new tattoo everybody and it itches like a motherfucker. but anyway Yeah, I was going to ask you like questions like how you thought I did but you weren't there. So whatever. I'll tell you how the other other people did. Yeah, how do you think you did good? I like the fat dude talking about his fat moment. Yeah, he was good. He was on for a while. Sarah probably should have let him up a little sooner. But whatever who cares it started like the noble there's no rules there. So Yeah, my dad texted me today before we started this. He said get up need help launches all you get yeah, dude, he's been asking me for help because we're moving into this new house and he just expects me to drop whatever I'm doing so that I can help him and for the longest time I would but not anymore dude, and I'm making pissed and you know, what dude I fucking and I just don't give a fuck. You know what? God damned. Finally we would literally be hanging out and grade school and Tommy would just leave because he has to go help his dad. Yeah, like all the time and finally you're fucking taking a stand and being like Dad. I'm tired of it. I just don't even respond. Any I love how its get up need help lunch is all you get. Yes. Yep. I don't know which is it's funny because I'm buying my own fucking food now try like they're like live at home save some money. Me but I'm still paying rent for a place in Kansas City still buying all my food. Why are you biting your food? Because they aren't they live in that my grandma. So like it's just me and my house. Oh, well, you're the only one at that house right now and my sister. Why are they at your grandma's because their room isn't ready yet. That's what they need help with. How is there? What do you mean the room isn't ready yet? Like like what needs to be done to where you can move a bed and shit in there. Well, the kitchen isn't ready. We only have a fridge and a microwave oven. Is this house being built? Yeah, you know, it's already built like just stuff needs to move in and like they need to finish their bathroom and stuff like that. Like they could move in if they wanted to and I don't understand what you mean. The bathroom is be finished. There's no toilet or something. There's a toilet downstairs a shower upstairs. So the house is not finished. No, so it was being built. Yeah. Well like the floors down the walls are up that house. You guys had a house built. Yeah. No, it was already built, but the inside was getting redone. Okay, not that I follow that now okay because it's like the house is if there's no toilets or bathrooms are shit or and then the house is not built. No, it's livable. I'm living there. They could to okay, there's being soft about it like you I'm not soft as fuck. Yes, dude. It's my hard dick. Yeah, why are you hard right now? Because I now that we were just talking about her but I want my God, you can't put this thing literally doesn't hurt it. Yeah, it hurts so bad. And if I don't at least get jerked off tonight, and what do you need to put your leg up? I don't want to see that in. All right, dude already looking at it all. I'll give it the old Texas tuck where you ladies out there a Texas tuck is where you waistband it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don't know why they call it the Texas tuck. I've never heard that. Well, I'm more cultural cult culturally. Yeah, should we read her poems should be glittery at 37. Yeah. Sure. Let's do it. Let's do it. Yeah, and then we'll go then we can go into 50 Shades Tommy and you know what? Yeah. Well, we'll see that odd. Do you would you like to go first or do you want me to go first? I'll go first. Okay. Yeah, let's set it up. So we decided each week. We're going to pick themes for our poems just so that we're sort of on the same page a little bit. Because I feel like ours are just wildly different. So today's theme was beach beach and then like I know it's super broad, but you can do whatever you want boys a bitches. Yep Beach Boys and bitches that what the name of your Cisco? No, I wish yeah, that's good. Mine's titled in and out. All right in and out the waves pull on my heart. It's been a rough bout from the start as the sun sets on this test. Esta strength, I clench my butthole and resort to my faith under the dock bottle in hand straw strum on my cock like you're in a band The Seagull swarm and the Rats scattered the smell of sewage only makes me madder. From one bomb to another don't hold a grudge. It's nothing personal. So please don't judge in and out. I know the sand hurts. It's the only route we already got the herps. It's almost over don't give in now. It only works. If you resist the pow pow pow. Oh, yes finish that was fucking great. Don't worry. It's not gay. It's just some good old-fashioned bum on bum rape. Oh my That's where my mind was when we watch old fashioned. Oh my God, what the hell's wrong with you need help. You're you're never getting a four shot of espresso. It's three shots and then you're done. His fourth takes you to race. Oh my gosh, I mean dude your poems are so much like more adult than mine. Like mine are just like little kids Minds like a little kid immature shit. Here's mine. Thinking of you thinking of me both on the beach feeling. So free sun on our faces sand in our toes were at a nude beach 86 all our clothes. 86 is a restaurant term for being it means like we're out of that we're out of it. So it's like get rid of all your clothes. So someone sent in our faces sand in our toes. We're at a new beach 86 all our clothes. Our hair is blowing. Our dicks are flopping passionate lovemaking there just is no stopping so much fun Under the Sun. But if you say no look at my beach bag, I brought a gun. So please just say yes to With all the stress. I have an idea. I'd like to express it. Okay, if I express it. Yeah, you're wearing a blindfold buried in the sand something touches your face, but it isn't my hand. It isn't my nose think more down south. Yeah. It's my cock and it's coming for that valve. You went to Safeway. Here's his judging me to do you want the same way? You're right, dude. You're right. You're right. You just use yours is like so much more poetic. That's all I had to I was I had a lot more but Like how that I was going to go click yours is a finish. Mine doesn't have a finished. Yeah, you can there's like look I can finish believe that um, yeah. But anyway, that's sort of what we had. Yeah, I've yours looks so much longer in your phone. That's why I would like didn't have a finished plant but whatever. Okay, so let's go into 50 Shades of coming now. We you've gotten some critiques that you aren't into it as you should be. Okay. Yeah. No, I want to show you how you're not how you're going to how I won't eat like passion. Okay in reading now, please pay attention to my voice my Anunciacion my the emotion that you feel coming out of my voice, okay? Have you done that before now? And I can't help the small tinge of pride in my denial good. He says complacently and I think relieved yet another first Miss Steele. He looks appraisingly at me. Well, you get an A on oral and oral skills. Come on, let's go to bed. I owe you an orgasm. Orgasm another one quickly. He clamors out of the out of the bath giving me my first full glimpse of the Adonis divinely formed that is Christian Grey. My inner goddess has stopped dancing and is staring to open mouth and drooling slightly his erection tamed but still but still substantial. Wow, he wraps a small towel around his waist covering the essentials and holds out a larger fluffy white towel for me climbing out of the bath. I take his purse. Of proffered preferred and he wraps me in the towel pulls me into his arms, his kisses me hard pushing his tongue into my mouth. I long to reach around and embrace him touch him, but he has his arms. He has my arms trapped in the towel. I assume I'm soon lost in his kiss. He cradles my head his tongue exploring my mouth and I get a sense. He's expressing his gratitude. Maybe for my first blow job. Well, he pulls away. Way his hands on either side of my face staring intently into my eyes. He looks lost say yes. He whispers fervently. I frown not understanding to what yes to our arrangement to being mine, please Anna he whispers pleading emphasizing the last word in my name. He kisses me again, sweetly passionately before he stands back and stares at me blinking slightly. He takes my hand and leads me back into his bedroom leaving me reeling so I allow so I follow him meekly stunned. He really wants. In his bedroom, he stares down at me as as we stand by his bed. Trust me. He asked suddenly. Oh trust me. He asked suddenly I nod wide-eyed with a sudden realization that I do trust him. What's he going to do to me now and electric thrill hums through me good girl. He breathes his thumb brushing my bottom lip. It's the end of the page. Okay. Do you think you can handle something like that to my best? Okay, so you can start there with oh, please. Oh, please I'm on as he bites my little toe the action resonating deep in my belly All Good Things Miss Steele. He breathes this time. He doesn't stop at my knee. He continues up the inside of my thigh pushing my thighs apart as he does and I know what he's going to do and part of me wants to push him off because I'm mortified and embarrassed. He's going to kiss me there. I know it and part of me is glorying in the anticipation. He turns my other knee and kiss his way up my thigh. Kissing licking sucking and then he's between my legs running his nose up and down my sex very softly very gently I Rise Oh my he stops waiting for me to call him. I do and I raised my head to gaze at him my mouth open as my pounding heart struggles to call him. Do you know how intoxicating you smell Miss Steele he murmurs and keeping his eyes on mine. He pushes his nose into my Pub pubic hair and inhales. Oh God. I flushed Scarlet Scarlet everywhere feeling faint and I instantly closed my eyes. I can't watch him do that. He blows gently up the length of my sex. Oh, fuck. I like this. You can't lie tugs on my people care. What the fuck? Perhaps we'll keep this keep what oh, please hmm. I like it when you beg me, Anastasia, I grown Tit for Tat is not my usual style Miss Steele. He whispers as he gently blows up and down me but you've pleased me today and you should be rewarded. I hear the wicked grin and his voice and while my body is singing from his word. His tongue starts to slowly Circle my clitoris as his hands hold down my thighs. I'm own as my body boughs and convulses at the touch of his tongue. He swirls his tongue around and around again. And again keeping up the torture. I'm losing all sense of self every atom of my being concentrating hard on that smell potent Power House at the Apex of my thighs my legs go rigid and he slips his finger inside me, and I here's growling grown. Oh, baby, I love that. You're so wet for me. All right. All right, that's enough. I don't know. What does he seriously say? Oh, I think we'll keep this talking about her pubes. I guessed he'd have you ever put pushed your nose into a woman's pubic hair and inhale deeply no that's a good way to drown. I mean, oh my God, I can't believe you fucking said that. I do better that that I think people are going to be unbelievably pleased. I think people might be a little bit wet. After hearing you do that and maybe a little bit hard. That was really fucking good 47. Yeah, I guess we could we didn't really touch on that we could touch on that. We could give people a little bit extra. Yeah today, so I've been working my way to love Town. We're sort of on the Jaco train is on its way to love town, you know, and along the way I an old flame followed me on Instagram yesterday. Mmm. And out of the blue and it was very weird. Does that every once in a while? I didn't she every once in a while. She'll sort of cast and he comes back. She casts a rod out. It's a little it was it was surprising. I was like damn that's super weird. It always surprises. Me too. Yeah. I just I meana said it's really weird and I was like No. I'm not gonna lie, dude if it would have been. I mean, I'm not even considering it but it was definitely like I don't even know how to describe. There was sort of a little bit of a I'm not gonna lie. There's a little bit of it, huh, huh, huh, huh, but then I was like nah, fuck that literally right after that. It was like a split huh? And then I was fucked that um, but anyway, I was I didn't know whether or not I should that's something you disclose. For you it would be yeah, so I did I told the girls like hey this bitch fucking followed me on Instagram that I showed her and I showed her that I wasn't following her. Yes, that's right moves. Okay, cool. I agree. I yeah, and then I DM her I'm just kidding. I would never do that. Um, there's a war going on in my stomach right now. What do you mean so War? Those are special shots. You're fine, dude. Anyway, what else to say is shy shy blocker? I don't I mean no dude. It shouldn't even occupy space in your mind. It doesn't but I'm just I don't want this to be like a thing where I get in trouble for. Well you already did the right thing. Okay, you're not. Yeah, you shouldn't get in trouble or I mean, you might just because I don't know. Yeah, I agree. Well, I told I mean I yeah. I was $40 and then Chief she was like should I follow her and I was like, yeah do it. That'll be really funny. So she's I'm probably gonna get on filed here in a sec. Anyway, isn't that really funny? Like right after she follows me? What's her face Falls? Are you serious? What are you doing? What your phone's up and you're pointing at me. I'm not doing anything. Okay, but your phone is up that you don't normally taxes. Keep going. I know but the thing is that you don't normally text like that where you're holding your phone up like right at my face. Yeah. And then now it's down and now you're typing stuff. Don't worry about okay. What just makes me feel like you're typing stuff about me. I am. Okay. I bought this book at Target dude. Fuck that. That's all that's all that that's all the time. That bitch gets. Yeah. That's all I wanted to know everybody guys in life. This is a this is a this is a my bat my background quote. Is this the background on my phone is a quote, okay. The universe will send you exactly what you asked for and then send a distraction to see if you're going to fuck up what you asked for. I mean that just I mean it literally just happened. Mmm. That's the universe saying here fuck this up. It ain't gonna happen baby. Yes, seeing if you're good enough to yeah deserve what listen to that J Cole song Kevin's heart if I take this cookie now one day I'll do the time. But I know I'm human loving you the crap, you know, I don't know that's all but uh, yeah. Well, it's a great song. It's on his tongue kod about Kevin Hart. Um, anyway, I got this book of Target. It's called three three thousand questions about me. I'm going to ask you one random question okay well look at this fucking look at this bullshit question have you ever read anything by Agatha Christie if so what was your favorite book was your favorite with the crispy crusty and crispy like you're thinking about chicken they're thinking about chicken I already had some chicken today yeah your chicken on your brain um anyway we read we read a few murder on the Orient murder on the Orient Express was Agatha Christie I'm pretty sure and if you if you've look at my book It's there's a penis on every page. That's cool. All yours. Dude. That was that's highlight for me. Yeah, I was listening. Yeah, because they so increase school like we'd read out loud, you know and they would they would call on people and Jago got called on to read and he's reading and then like he's reading on to the next page. So everyone turns the page and then he just starts dying laughing. Yeah, and he can't read anymore and the teachers like what's so funny and that's just Giant dick on his suit. There's what there was one that Casey Drew and it was like this dude with his arms behind his head and just massive cock and some girl just sucking it and it was like over all the words and I was like, oh my God, I can't but also I would do this thing where I would miss print we you're such a little shits. So I shouldn't Miss cars class. We may be like we can read the next paragraph and then you read the next paragraph and then you just keep going. Inspector hey, that's enough and then you just keep you just kept reading. Are you dreaming you'd read as fast as you fucking good or just like as slow as possible and then just mispronounced all the words. Like I remember every time I saw the words snake, I would say snacky. But anyway, those fucking look at that question literally just got that out of us. Yeah, you see why I bought this fucking but I will let me give me a national one. Okay. What is the most useless useless talent you have? Hmm? I can do this. He's standing up for podcast listeners. He's standing up. He's oh, yeah, I forgot. You didn't even have it anymore. He has this like weird. I mean like it just looks like ass fat stomach now. I mean, I don't know what to say. But dude you have he has like this like he has like this thing like right below like right below like right above his belly button and right below his pectorals. He can create like this air bubble and it just protrudes out. Yeah, and it's really weird. It's wild. Yeah, I don't know what it I like do you do that? No, I don't I can't do that at all. No. Mine is origami is weird because that's the kind of I can make a shitload of paper animals what I run like that's how I like this is I don't know why but like That goes in and out. No this just it stays out like it's kind of like I don't know like, you know how you're when you're going to get hit you like flakes. Mmm. When I run this kind of flexing them. It's like a bubble sort of when I get hit Ashley. I'll slip back to us. I slip it and I slip off to the side and I can go out and I rip to the bar. Yeah, you can fight. What a yeah, who cares everyone knows? Yeah. Well defeated Perry one pick one out for me. Yes. But anyway, I'll buy yours. You're doing that. Mine is origami. I can make herbs. I can make cranes I can make a Flappy Bird I can make okay. I'm sorry. I got one. Yes. Do you think any kind of afterlife exists? I do. Yeah. I think I like like heaven and how or what I don't necessarily know if there's like a good place in a bad place that you go. I think right. I don't know it just it's sort of like fuck I don't know but like suck something sparked the beginning II that's I believe that well I don't yeah so you think the beginning and the end or the same thing no but I mean like have you heard about those stories where there are kids who can remember the past lives yeah I have heard of I think those are the crazy stories yeah that is really well so good when I remember is this little boy who's like five or six or something he used to be a World War II pilot and he knew his name he knew all the His friends who were in the Air Force with him and like he knew their nicknames. He knew his sister's name. They went and visited his sister it like his past life sister in a nursing home and he like call her by her nickname when they were little and like just knew all this stuff that he or she should not know and holy shit. It's like how is that like a bigger like a apparently happens pretty often Jesus but like eventually they forget it. Just weird. Yeah. Whoa, holy shit dude. That's wild. I wish I could remember something bad to me so bad look it up on YouTube. There's some amazing Stories out there, but it's weird because like, how is that not proof for reinstallation something? Yeah. Absolutely. Like I would think I don't know like the church won't probably would never acknowledge it. But yeah, I don't think I don't think I believe in the good or bad thing either like I can imagine that there would be a hell like yeah it's just too convenient yeah like that's not even how it works here I don't think I would want someone to spend eternity in hell like if if if that were the case if we were to die and God was like oh your friend Jacko can't come because he was a bad person but you can come out and be like yeah he's not going fuck you I agree you know what I agree I thought I'd be like but you wouldn't want to come to hell with me just go to like Purgatory I don't know her Kotori yeah I don't I don't know but I might think I can make not gonna play the game yeah I'm not gonna lie I think I could make a hell fun for maybe like the first hundred years and then after that I just be drained like really eternity who how can something be so bad that it yeah good boys are of yeah besides like know the I guess even and what about like if somebody raped maybe a hundred kids I mean yeah you should be put to death but well but the rest of Eternity yeah I don't know there's a priest that did that so they're also deaf yeah that's fucked yeah whatever yeah that's another organization that has a lot of molestation problems yeah what I don't understand that's what they gave up for the priests give up for a long fucking a kids give up I'm giving up little little little Timmy for like little Timmy's butthole Mmm Yeah I don't understand like people who are like who give to the church and stuff like how is that not I because they spend so much money defending like in court defending their priests in how is giving them money not supporting that ive I'm a firm believer that if you don't if you go to church you put money in the basket you donate to a Catholic or church or anything you are actively funding child molestation that is a that is a 100% belief that I have its there's no denying it because of the church doesn't have money they're done right all your wiring the money why are they defending the priests in the first place why they believe that they didn't yeah if there were like all right he's asking me and you're gonna make a lot a lot of listeners unhappy with that done I think that reasoning is very sound and I agree I think it's sound but there are people like my dad and shit who just don't give a fuck yeah he will never give a fuck yeah literally don't give a fuck I don't ya all these stories New York almost went fucking bankrupt defending yeah paying out paying paying people write three hundred million dollars that's so much money it's crazy that people still fucking support that fucking bullshit please give us money so we don't go bankrupt because of all these molestation charges yeah I guess Boy Scouts couldn't get enough donations no that's because the Boy Scouts don't promise happiness and salvation yeah that's probably it he just promised dude I don't think it's Gonna Last I think eventually like I said well it will fall as an organization to what the Boy Scouts is Debbie yeah it's just the the only thing Boy Scouts like providers like it looks good on your college applications do they teach life lessons I mean I learned more from Yeah Boy Scouts I learned all about I don't know what I learned I I def this is the one thing that I made me a little bit of a pyro but I can make up fire we burned that's literally all we did a camp yeah we just burn shit but anyway yeah let's end on a funny note let's do we got we got word of the week word of Dario you Catholics out there that's just what we believe word of the week I'll go first why you're getting yours out my I lost my phone I lost it. Did you really sometimes it falls down? Okay, I was sitting on it. Sometimes I lose things on. Yeah. Yeah, what what sometimes you lose outfit what to say that again? Sometimes you lose what things underneath me like when I'm sitting like you'll just set it somewhere and it'll disappear. Yeah in you. Yeah, you have a problem see how much fun. that was when you Just Go With It um the action oh I'm sorry my word of the week or phrase is shooting ropes shooting ropes yeah oh God I know what this is do you I guess yeah coming no that's that's not sexual that's what I that's what I was that's what I thought too it's the action of shitting out large noodles of shit that been spammed to 4 feet long fuck man I ate some weird Shore feet 4 feet yeah fuck man I ate some weird shit dude and now I'm shooting the ropes it's gross so just I hate when you burp in the bloat my face it's serious there's there's yeah it was disgusting because you did something amazing coffee yeah you're dying inside that's probably the war yeah that probably is good hot wings for breakfast which I love chicken wings off chicken wings it's like 11:30 yeah right um anyway people out there just hope you're not shooting ropes mine is it's either fourth ometer or Faso meter I like fathometer fathometer with all its really phenomenal depth finder that uses sound waves to determine the depth of water Wow. Wow. Well, that's so cool. Is it yeah, my dick has a father amateur why you got a little water in there? No, I'm just you wanna know I know I need that. I measure the depth of all the all the wet pussy around you that's what it is. Yep. I fucking knew it when I picked it. Yeah, I get it. Now you were oh you were setting me up. I found it baby. I felt took me a second, but I found it all right I love sex I know you dude I fucking know you do God you you have the life dude there are everyone in St Louis wants to fuck you doesn't feel like it why what do you mean why isn't it felt like the life I don't because they're just too many like I'm getting all these DM's and there's just so much it's my fucking last year and was what we go to it what was it I thought it was going to be something funnier it was just it was you it was you hahaha complaining about all the DMS I'm getting yeah it says look check the check these DM's out and it's little there's one two three four five six six girls I'm ready this is your fault I want to hear what the fuss is about you created this is it really a pants Panther I mean this is ridiculous dude girls out there I'm funny I'm Charming I'm athletic please help me I want to come my balls hurt all the time all right well after this I'll help you out thank god dude I mean it's going to be it's going to be like the Hoover Dam breaking just all over your stupid face what I like to call on face it if you like it come on faces and never done it me neither I just doesn't maybe no one like a one-night stand but like if she's my girlfriend I don't want to come on her face like just think about like last night you're just come on your face girl asked you for it what if she's like oh yeah come on my face yeah I probably would you know what that made that that made a little bit of blood on my penis and I Collide if a girl was a come on my face Daddy or some shit that's a little bit hot yeah I don't think it would I'll be like what no but like I've never it's never been a spot that I want to because like I don't want to like picture you with come all over your face like it's kind of gross you know yeah because like I like touch that face I put my face on your face like I want to put it's like sucking my own dick like I don't want to do that you and suck your own dick if you could know I don't think yeah I don't think I would either you know you know what I would do I'd probably like like give it just a little like like a kitty like how can I know you know it's a kid no I wouldn't even sake dude don't do that to say you like it if you like it you only like lollipops you don't suck on them no yeah you do okay well what I'm doing okay what is it it's on this finger up he just touched his tongue to it was that sucking that's all I'm talking about oh okay well that's not all you're gonna do yes it is because I want I would want to okay you have a lollipop yeah right okay slowly just lick the lollipop you like it twice that's three looks for leaks now I put it in his mouth and he's chewing now I mean it's yeah okay what do you do with a sucker do you know it's why it's called a soccer ball there's it's I'm not you suck on he will listen listen it's what soggy own dick do you just admit it's not I want to suck it it's because I'm only don't judge me on this okay don't judge me this is it this is the safe Circle okay I like I like girls yeah I want to know what it would feel like for my tongue to touch my penis you would stick while simultaneously knowing what I would like what it was like for my penis to feel my okay so I would want to know what my penis feels like I'm not right now you're gay no while simultaneously want to know what it feels like to have a dick in your mouth oh that's what you just said my dick not in my mouth just resting on my tongue while simultaneously let me finish while simultaneously wanting to know what what it feels like for my dick to feel my tongue you know what not even a little sensitive part on the de Baca just that just right around the mouth the next step is you want to know what it feels like to have come in your mouth see that's no I just literally just said it and I realized that there was a little bit of a contradictory thoughts but listen you're gay dude I'm not know there's something you know Make make you gay. I don't think so because we'll just Masters jerking yourself off make you gay. Mmm. Yeah, motherfucker. Mmm, motherfucker. Sweep. I don't know. We all just so you guys were all gay. I guess we're all like for August. I guess we're all like one or two. One two three percent game. Well you you're probably at like, you know, 51 or 52. No, I'm at about I'd probably say I'm a like 35% gay just because of my past and what I just said earlier your gaze fuck dude. I'm not gay as fuck im a little bit gay and you know what? That's okay, right? that's okay right huh it's okay to be gay yeah sure I didn't know where to go with that just jokes yeah they're just jokes and people know her fucking around of course it's okay to be gay we don't give a fuck we don't give up who give a fuck about that I'm not really sure that's such a dumb thing to get mad about like I said gayi it still hasn't happened gay couples walk up in front of me kiss in front of me I've never seen it I'm interested to see what it looks like Just people you're curious, aren't you just to see what it looks like? Yeah. I'm really digging myself into sort of like gay whole' anyway, I feel like we're like we gotta get a hole for you. Yeah, show me it Rosie podcast listeners you standing up undoing his pants Oh, you just ugly just super but that way okay all right all right all right all right all right all right all right put that you said dude shit you said shave your cheeks what shave your cheeks why because it literally why is your back hairless and then just your but this is the hairiest thing I've ever seen it's like it's like she never seemed like deforestation videos where the trees just stop yeah well right when we get to your lower back the trees just stop all right we're at 111 we should yeah let's let's wrap it up I got to go to work and shit yeah just jokes listeners just jokes am dirty boys naughty girls thank you so much for listening thank you for all the support to the person that I had a conversation with last night thank you for all the kind words we don't plan on stopping this train anytime soon rate review us on you're that what was that I don't know rate review us on on iTunes thanks Spotify listeners I'd Spotify needs to figure that fuck that fucking shit out we need like I need like five stars or something they need a star system yeah yeah dirty boy is naughty girls stay sexy stay sexy everybody enjoy your week