Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site is called as cell side and Advertiser side is called as by side while publisher is looking to sell their ads peas. The Advertiser on the other hand is looking to buy that or similar diet speeds to tell user about their products and services in real time. All this is happening that is buying and selling of ads in less than 200 microseconds. Think of programmatic advertising is at similar to that of a stock market while in stock markets the commodity which are being treated are called as shares and programmatic environment. It's called as ads. Programmatic is changing the landscape how display video digital advertising is being bought and sold its evolving with complex algorithms and uses complex methods to buy and sell ads to a targeted audience in real time. It also uses Ai and ml to evolve and make and help marketers achieve their marketing goals and Publishers effectively monetize their inventory as per a study by emarketer more than 86% of the display ads are going to be served via programmatic and USA by 2020. That is the end of this year. To help you explain a little better. Here is a small infographic to help you understand the flow of programmatic advertising. Hope this session has help you clarify the basics of programmatic advertising. We will share some more advanced and details about programmatic advertising in the following videos or podcasts. Stay tuned and keep following Elevate digital.