Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He said I want to tell you about something that I found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my curiosity got my attention. But so he said well, let me talk to you about it. He said it's free. There's creation tools on it. They allow you to record. Edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and it will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify on a podcast many other things many more many more platforms. You can make money from podcast no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place. And I started thinking about it and I ain't never heard Skeeter say none of these words before so obviously it took to him pretty well. It must be pretty important to him. So I just want to come on here and tell you that you should download anchor today and you know, just just do with it what you want to do man. Just just have a good time with it. My cousin skaters making a podcast now and he just is just having time with life with it. And you know, I keep stealing his Parts but he's making money from anchor and it kind of offsets it all so he can keep Even and he can feed his kids and family and all that stuff right there. So it's a download anchor Today and and maybe maybe you can be you know the next Skeeter. I don't know. Following total Atomic Annihilation the rebuilding of this great nation of ours may fall to you. That's why we here at fault boys WV will take you on an orator of the beautiful state of West Virginia. There's no other place to be better prepared for the impending fall out. Now we go live to our team of experts hello and welcome to the real episode 1 of odd voice WV coming at you live from the capitol, West Virginia. I'm your Appalachian scribe, Dave Chaffin. And joining me Austin O'Connor. How you doing? Awesome? I'm doing great. How are you? I'm doing pretty well. How's your week? It's been a long one. It's been a long hot one been a hot spot a stressful one. What's stressful just a lot of projects going on all at once? Yeah design and some stuff getting some stuff together, but we're yeah, we're trying to where we'll see how it turns out in the end. I've kind of I work on one thing until my brain hurts and then I switch over to another and it's just a vicious cycle until they're finished. But yeah, well, I've got a surprise for you. Okay, so I've had some dental work done this week. And on Monday, I had three cavities filled and today at three o'clock. I had two other cavities filled. I can't feel my bottom lip whatsoever. However, it seems like that I can still go on with this and it sounds so if there's any lisping That's probably what the soul slurred speech here flirt will flirt feet little slur. All right, so last week's episode. Mmm had some audio issues. Just I mean nothing to noticeable. So we were recording just out of one Mike and we didn't realize that the other mic was not recording and so I had to go in and splice out every little we were just trying Something new we're trying to take this has new way of doing it. So I've been learning how to be a audio engineer for podcasting. That's a new talent that I've learned and I hope that today nothing will go wrong and I knock on wood with that. You definitely should not have said that well, I knocked on the wood and there's one on the ground. So there you go. But just to kind of give everybody a little update as to what we're doing. We are to West Virginia experts with unique backgrounds in the eight each week. We come to you with a big topic based on locations stories and history with in West Virginia that is featured or likely to be featured in Fallout 76. We also have fall at 76 news whether it's fresh off the week or maybe something that we already know that has a big covered on this show. We're probably going to do that this week since there's nothing really that new will share I will share history and facts that are referenced as well as personal stories. If you like the show tell your friends follow us on Twitter at Vault boys WV and email us your questions. We'll be happy to answer them on the show and have a nice little dialogue with you all at Vault boys WV @ gmail.com. If you want to know how to spell that that's VA ult Bo Ys w v @ gmail.com from holler to Highway will have you covered six places Sunday like that? Yeah, it's nice. Holler to highway now. We'll take you to the News this week in Fallout 76 news. The trailer version of Take Me Home Country Roads is available on iTunes. All proceeds will be donated to the Habitat for Humanity. The song was recorded by copilot Productions and utilizes the creative talent and voices of New York City Barbershop style group called spank. Have you had a chance to listen to the song Austin? I downloaded it the first day it was available I had Act I guess the last few weeks because I wanted to know who it was because they didn't really give you a whole lot of information. But I enjoy it actually listen to it at work the other day to get myself in the right some exciting some riveting stuff and I listened to it and it just got me right in the right in the mood. I was looking on Reddit and somebody had made a playlist of all the music from fought 76 and it was just a 50 song playlist. That was all like me. I was like, how do they have this playlist? Are you click it? It's like man. They have some Insider sources. You got some Insider sources and it's funny. It was a very easy like Fifty or a hundred versions of Take Me Home Country. Well like it but I found out the the Spanx from Pete Hines this Twitter he had it on there that it had a few videos. So if you want to check out, I guess what they sound like and I think they were doing down by the boardwalk and one of them the you can go to this Twitter. I think it's as DC Deacon DEA acon how I know that off the top of my head. It's because I'm weird like that. I just want to know like how did they feel like the music choice for Fallout is always insanely particular and they find like whether it be songs that there's like a meaning behind the song that can connect to the game too. Like post-apocalyptic, you know, like just Fallout 3 it felt like every song like could relate to the fact that the world was basically, you know ending right so it's like how did they what made them choose? He said it was like a New York Barbershop style. Yeah. I think that was they chose their production company because the production company that does a lot of the background music and getting together songs. They do work. I believe four different corporations. And Bethesda, the I think they've done stuff before for them with doom and Wolfenstein. And so they test them with coming up with this cover and they picked this New York group. There's a lot of stuff of them unlike Subway's highways and they were pretty good for a street performances. I've never been in New York, but I am going in December but New Orleans and I can talk about is freaking awesome. And that's like I dabble in trumpet or I played it for probably 10 years and not strike humblebrag humble brag, but these 10 year olds could outplay me every single time these guys a lot of the street performers in big cities are absolutely insane at their craft and it's amazing to me that they are choose to be street performers, but they're not that good a good bit when you're properly permitted and doing all that stuff could spit I like the I like the sound though with them because There was like the Appalachian feel with kind of a what they are, you know, like a barbershop quartet right style of always like that in video games like when they had in barbershop quartets, so it like it Bioshock Bioshock. I was going to say or they have the Beach Boys cover. Yeah. That was like it's one of my favorite openings because it's like, you know, you're growing up in that ship and then yeah, uh-huh, you're walking around float comes by it's just a barbershop quartet. Wait a second. Alright, so this really other than than that not much news this week for Fallout know a lot going on. I thought we'd go back and talk about something that was revealed in the Danny O'Dwyer noclip production of the making of faults 76 which I would say is required to Ewing if you want to get up-to-date with thought 76 in this podcast, we're going to be covering a lot of the things that he has talked about and that particular production as well as going deeper into locations that Weren't showed in the E3 presentation but showed in his documentary. Okay, so we're going to talk about the special system. So the special system is the D&D equivalent of your different skills that you have. So like magic and strength and all that stuff essentially Bethesda. Well, it wasn't it was I think it'll play reactive came up with the idea of having these These particular areas that you could specialize in so but this is special which is the acronym for which is strength perception endurance Charisma intelligence agility and luck. That was impressive. I had to think about it for a second and I'll see that's why it's why you write the notes with the show, even though I didn't look at the notes. That was wow. So with special system you as you level up you put different points into it. And so Another follow games. It's like you have liked in strength. You can carry a lot of things you're better at melee weapons with Charisma. If you have a high Charisma, you can convince people to do more things for you turn enemies into your friends with luck. That's one of the more interesting ones where it's like you'll find more caps. You'll find more supplies and your chances are high. Are of hitting an enemy in the game. So they're carrying that over from all the previous faults, of course into fault 76 during the moments, I guess when when it's initially brought up the beginning of Fallout games and it lets you choose, you know, what you want to focus on at the beginning that is always a moment of panic for me and it and I get very anxious. Because I have to change it at least five times before I can proceed. I feel like I never know what direction I want to go. I hate that moment. Right just because I'd rather than pick for me because I am the most indecisive person. I started thinking ahead of what if I need to do this. So then I change it to this and I change my strength up and I do this and and it turns into like a five-minute ordeal just to select like five points and it's always I'm to like obsessive about it. Not a good moment for me in the video game but making committing. That's a haiku much commitment too much consuming too much. That's yeah. I'm not I'm not all for that. So yeah, the the thing that I always make High as My Charisma and so I generally put a lot of points in that because you can get by a lot of stuff especially early in the game just by having high Charisma and then in and and for there's a particular perk that allows you to create supply lines between settlements and that's how I guess everything is transported for me for these different locations and different stuff. So I have to have that if I'm going through a playthrough of it just because it makes the game a whole lot easier. I never did the whole as bad as it sounds I never really did the settlement stuff. I got started it. Mmm, and then I stopped and I never went back to Hmm. Oh, no, I think I need to I'll be more interested in it. I think with well, you're going to have to be in my settlement and I'm the Czar of the settlements and I hope you know that that you I will give you a fiefdom. But ultimately you will report to the Tsar will report to this. I think here's here's what we're gonna do. We're just going to separate up the East and natural stone. And because I'll be down where I live and you'll be down where you live and know everything in between will be our fiefdom. And so if anybody else builds their well, it's A pretty short area to yeah, it's work with the I mean it's you know block and a half basically a half. Yeah. Nobody's allowed. Yeah, I think so. You mentioned the perk that helped with the settlement and the shipping as long as there's still a mysterious stranger. I think I'll be happy. If you have a theory about mysterious stranger of how the mysterious stranger it not necessarily a good person. Mmm. It has been in the Fallout Universe for this amount of time. I don't think that he'll be in this game. I think that the mysterious stranger will be replaced by Mothman. See that would be interesting. I like that idea because Mothman not necessarily a monster or a beast or like, you know has high intelligence. I mean did we ever have any reports of him actually, you know killing anyone. No, he doesn't hurt. He doesn't hurt anybody. I mean, she's kind of a chill dude. He's just trying to be understood in this world. People get extremely, you know go a little crazy, you know over the Mothman and do things maybe that they wouldn't necessarily do. He just wants a friend but in the end as we learn in Mothman Prophecies, he's just trying to save some lives, you know, so Mothman, I think the guy I think that and they said that they want to do something interesting with him. I think that he is going to play more than just a monster. But yeah more of a presence within the game. Well, I saw the interview where they I guess there's I mean this was last month. They were still in the kind of the developing processes of figure out what to actually do with him. So I've heard that maybe there was going to be you know, you you emerge From the Vault and within a short period of time he you can see him he can see you you can't do anything with him. Maybe a kind of like lurking and the in the background there which that would be pretty scary. I feel like if you don't know when he's actually I That's if they go the route of yeah, you're going to end up have getting attacked at some point. But right I like your idea of him kind of taking that mysterious stranger. He's benevolent. I mean for for local history and local things. It's like everybody loves Mothman. Well everybody that you know loves the idea of Mothman the people that there are still people that have actually seen him that have claimed to see them you can find claimed I saw him in fourth grade. Did I didn't actually see him them like goodness will have to talk. We're gonna have a full Mothman episode and were I'm talking to some people maybe possibly from the Mothman Festival. I like the hum of getting them together maybe having a still never been to that. I'm going this year though need to go. I'm definitely going this year. I think it actually might be a part of my job description to go this year. So I might have to get a good get that tourism Comfort yet. I guess your tourism on the scene. Yeah. I'm on the case. Worry, we're working on it. So with the special system. They're including this new perk card. So every time you level up you gain these particular cards and you can choose whichever one. I think in the in the clip that they had on the documentary is like a choice of three. And so those three are essentially perks that you would find from previous Fallout swear. It's like increased Vats accuracy on limbs or I would imagine that they would have the cannibalism perk or the Science perk of the thing, you know these different things that you would do within the gate that every time you level up you gain a new card. You can also level up those cards do you have but you can only have a certain amount of cards active on your person at a time and I don't know how they're gonna go about doing that or changing that but I would imagine that you would have different loadouts. I would say I may know thinking about Call of A battlefield or something like that, you're gonna have different loadouts for whatever you're doing at the time. I would assume those would be an attached to your camp that you would have in the game customize different slots to choose right from and cuss. Yeah. And so I think that's a really interesting idea and will make people because eventually once you get such a high level, so right now my character my main one the first one I did in Fallout 4 is level 99 and it's like everything he runs into is just toast yeah. Yeah, because he's hits these guys so specialized and he does it's like you use a sniper you get a headshot you walk away. Yeah. And so this it's like allowing you to kind of explore the different options. I think or what it'll lead to is looking at the parks. That's a whole may be appreciating some new ones figuring out. What setup is Right For What activity you're doing? So you probably yeah gonna got to be doing something more combat focused when you're out hunting. Mr. Is or if you want to build you probably want to have something based on Survival or based on building. If you are with a group, maybe I think there would be some like medic perks. I think they talked about where it's like you can be the quote-unquote healer of the group. Well, it'll be interesting. I think it'll keep it sort of fresh because like you said if you're a level 99, there's not much difficulty when you're out doing much, but now maybe you pick this Loadout you run into something that you're not really prepared for. Right. It's gonna give you a little more of a challenge, you know, and then you maybe think more ahead. Well, I might run into this next time. So maybe I will stick with this or you know, I it'll there's gonna be people mad about it, you know, there will be but I think it's a cool idea. I think it's fresh. I think it's gonna give you a little more you're going to have to be more prepared. I think you're gonna you're gonna have to research what you know, you're have to play with the different options. You're going to have to get out there and see trial and error know what is this do what right? It does this add to my overall character for what I'm doing right now. Does this go with my weapon that I have very well. I think that you're going to have to kind of make some decisions. The one that I'm most curious about how they're going to implement is charisma. Yeah, because this is not a well. There's nobody there's nobody there's nobody to talk to yeah, so that I'm just gonna have to be a really good liar. It's gonna be yeah, you just gonna have to lie to everybody you see it takes some public speaking. Houses on the side and then come in and say speaking of that. I am wondering you might know the answer to this. I don't know if they've actually talked about it. But let's say that you're just playing by yourself. Mmm and you come across somebody will you be able to speak with a mic to them as if you really stumbled upon someone in real real life? You think I don't know if they've mentioned anything about that I would imagine so you would think I'm curious as to what the radius of that is going to be if it is going to be like Grand Theft Auto online where everybody on that map. So I think there's like twenty four people on the I'm not quite sure it has been a very long time since I played Grand Theft Auto online back when I had my Playstation 3 this and I think everybody on that map could talk at the same time to each other. I'm not sure if they're going to do it that way if they're going to He ate a radius. They're probably going to have Like and I know an Elder Scrolls Online, there's a radius of like what you can hear and then there's options of only people in your team only people that you're friends with your eye you can you can set it differently. So they probably now that I think about it will follow something similar to Elder Scrolls Online where and I can't speak for sure, but I would imagine that they would, you know have a lot of those features and capabilities, but You know, it may be that everyone in the map could hear you but I would figure that that wouldn't be the case because since the map is so big and a lot of it is about exploring even though it's exploring together. I'd imagine that you would have be able to hear somebody in the knob Helm over maybe if you're in the same town you could hear somebody. I mean, I think that would be cool. Just once you get within a believable radius that you would actually be able to talk to someone. Yeah, I think I think it'll be interesting to see how they Implement voice chat just from they Implement player communication. And so we saw that you have emotes and claims that a lot. Yeah. That was cool. Hey, yeah Fortnight esque wonder where they got that from. U-boats are big I think yeah their Destiny. They started real big and of course another games like yeah Team Fortress and so on so forth and OverWatch and all that stuff, but I'm particularly curious about what Charisma will do and what you're interacting with within the game world. That's like coded and everything. Yeah, that's like what use is there going to be for it at this point? There has to be some sort of I'd imagine that you Would it would be buying and selling things that's always something that's been affected in previous Fallout. And so I'd imagine that that would be something that's included with what they have. I couldn't imagine it any different just because they've got a you know, figure out a way to get that together, but right otherwise, I'm not quite sure. All right, so that's about that's about it for the Noose and we'll cover new stuff when it comes out each week. We're doing it weekly so you'll be able to keep at least, you know, a seven-day up to date with what we have and until there's something new we're going to go back and we're going to talk about old stories that we haven't discussed in the podcast. I doubt we'll touch anything twice at least without giving some time in between. So we can have more Hands-On time with the game once it comes out but in the future just be aware that we're going to go back and cover old stuff as it comes through. All right off the next section. You know what I like what do you like? I like big long Bridges. I've heard that about you, you know that I'm quite the British connoisseur. Yes. So today we're going to be talking about a particular bridge that is in West Virginia. What could it be as well as featured in Fallout? 76? What could it be? That's people may jump off of sometimes man. I'm stumped. I don't know. Let me let me save you we're going to be talking about the New River Gorge Bridge my gosh. All right, that's a beautiful piece of architecture. I know right? Let me here's what we're gonna do. I'm gonna give you some I'm gonna give you a history right through here. I'ma lay it all out there. So everybody comes, you know, has that initial, you know, up-to-date - and then we're going to talk about it some how's that sound? I am all for that plan. Right? So what we're going to start with is before even the bridge itself. We're going to start with a little town called Fayetteville Fayetteville was founded by Abraham vandal. Revolutionary War veteran and a local farmer. The town was originally named Vandalia after the colonial name for the region that included Ohio and Kentucky. The town was then named in honor of the Revolutionary War hero Marquis De Lafayette who was touring the u.s. In the mid-1800s. Mid-1820s. I have 1824 down here, but I'm not quite sure the bridge to connect Fayetteville, which is up on top of a mountain started the Action started in 1974 and was completed in 1977. The bridge was designed by Michael Baker company and construction was done by the US Steel American Bridge division. The bridge was built partially by new kind of construction technology known as a cable way, which is essentially metal wires connecting across the bridge to Mu steal from side to side. So like four pegs at each side of the bridge than they have these cables that run along and then they latch the steel up up to the cable and they push it off and that way. You can build it in different Spokes and different errands and as we know it's kind of in an arc shape. It doesn't have any polls that run straight up and down from the ground. The bridge is 3,000 feet across and is the third highest bridge in the United States standing at eight hundred and seventy six feet tall. It spans over the it spans over the New River which is one of the oldest rivers in the world and also flows north due to the fact that in ancient times. There was a notion that ran right through the middle of the United States before the tectonic plates flu and so that's why you see a lot of the weird animal species. And those agent things is because there was a notion from what was their area from the Mississippi to the Rocky Mountains the original trip to the valley through the valley across the river took 45 minutes before they built the bridge that's from the top of Fayetteville. You gotta go. They said there were sites that there were like eight miles to the next place and they were like, oh eight miles that won't take long but it's down the Steep Mountain. You gotta go all the way to the bottom. There's a bridge down. And that was 45 minutes, but after they built the bridge it only takes 45 seconds to make that trip will even taking Fayette Station Road. That's still there under the bridge. I mean, it's still like a 25 minute drive and that's just directly under the bridge and then back up. So it it's a long drive it was built as part of the States government initiative to travel across the state Easier by creating large roads known as corridors that would bisect major interstates running throughout and so West Virginia, you know, a lot of that land is mountainous and so that's hard to travel through and so the amount of interstates we had going through was actually a lot but they wanted to make a safe way of getting to these more rural areas that weren't directly up the interstate. So they built these Corridor. So in Charleston the area with the Walmart and the Target and all of the like, you know, super duper corporate shops and everything is Corridor G pronounced around here quarter quarter quarter g4g. energy The interesting thing. Is that every third Saturday in October. We celebrate Bridge day. And on this day year, the famous New River Gorge Bridge is open to pedestrians and a wide variety of activities great views Foods crafts vendors base-jumping repelling music and more. Austin what's your experience like with the New River Gorge Bridge, I went to my first Bridge day actually last year. I lived in Bluefield which is only what 45 minutes away all but, you know most of my life it's kind of a sin that last year was my first one to go to but I've been there several times, you know other than Bridge day throughout my life, but Bridge day is an experience pretty much every time a base. Number leaps off the edge everyone kind of holds their breath because there have been deaths there with you no parachutes not opening or just you know them not opening them in time at all. So there were a few last year that I definitely was not sure if they were going to make it they get pretty low and I'm like, oh God, this is really happening then parachute come out. So people are brave. I don't know. I don't don't think I could do it personally, but it's it's a cool experience standing, you know over 800 feet over, you know, one of the oldest rivers in the world and watching people just fling themselves off the bridge it's and it's more than just people people fleeing themselves base jumping and so you have that base-jumping a sandbag. But last year they had and I'm sure in years past they had a catapult hair. Yeah, you would get into the Catapult and then Lever it shoot you. Oh, yeah into the air. I think they've had that for several years now and it's that was my favorite was watching that because these people they were ready and they would just go flipping through the air and people travel from all over the us to come. Oh, yeah, they jump off this bridge. So I know they do at least since Facebook has incorporated alive feature. They do live streams of it now and a lot of times they will interview the people as they're waiting and I think I saw that there were people from Wisconsin California, you know, Washington like all over like you said all over the place there were people from England and they come to do this. So it's cool to get different people into the state and it's just like it's such an iconic thing now like I mean, it's it's I think even on back when all of the quarters had like a state on them. I think West Virginia was the New River Gorge Bridge. I think that was what represented us. So it's definitely kind of like The most I would say the most iconic well even before Bridge day, which I think started in the 80s. Hmm. I think maybe eighty four was when they had their 81. I can remember there were a few years there before when it was being built like all the town's citizens. That's what they did was. They would go out and watch it be built and it was like their afternoon activity and they would have Engineers come in from all over the United States to just watch this. Huge Bridge be built. It was a sort of a module for to just see the Marvel of engineering that was happening. I mean something as simple as a bridge but it still seems almost too good to be true that that thing is like so sound when you look at it because of it. It's built into the mountain like that. It supports are the mountains very little if any And I really would like to know how often it's inspected. I feel like it has to be pretty regular. Oh it has I mean because that thing it's a very like it's a cool experience to stand on it and watch Bridge day, but it's very unnerving at the same time because you realize like you're you're in the middle of this huge Bridge packed in like sardines with all these people right one at if anything if anything would happen, it's that's pretty much it like you're not getting off the bridge. Age and it but a lot of bridges I feel like when you get on them, you can feel it shaking and you can kind of feel like, you know, especially let's say there's like trucks driving on it or something and you can kind of feel that little bit of movement on the New River Gorge. You've got thousands of people all this heavy equipment everything on it at one point. Doesn't you don't feel any sort of its you don't feel any movement now, so I've it's like it sterols and I mean you're When you read Bridge day and you're watching people jump off you leaning over the edge to see ya people is uh as they're going through. And in fact, they only close one lane of the bridge and if you it's very hard to get from one side of the bridge to the other because the middle is so packed. Yeah. I knew when you're going so they they close the one side for pedestrians and the other side is still technically closed but more for like paramedics and they tried yes'm but still so when we were moving When we were walking along last year, I know they let us hop the median at one point to get around a crowd and so that helped to get down there. But then on the way back, they wouldn't let us do it. So I think we stood in one spot. Just trying to leave for at least 10 minutes before we can move anywhere and that was when my brain kind of started to start it got its run away. Yeah. I was like man, this is I just want to get off this bridge. So it definitely if you're terrified. It's I wouldn't recommend it mmm, but you don't necessarily have to go on the bridge to enjoy Bridge day. There's vendors and all sorts of other things set up before you get onto the bridge. So there's a lot of stuff there. It's just cool to me that Fallout is going to let you Beyond the bridge. I mean, it's just it's cool to me that your you can experience that there as well. Really the whole game is cool to me because West Virginia but here's the thing. Okay. Now this is coming from the guy with the geography degree. I've got I've got some beef here. So Fayetteville is a wonderful town and it's one of the few towns in West Virginia that I think has tourism a little bit figured out. Oh, they are definitely there Leaps and Bounds ahead of a lot of West Virginia right now. I think that they are the pioneers. for the whole area as far as what bringing West Virginia into the 21st century and figuring out different sources of income for locals and for the state overall of bring people in through these interstates the gap between Beckley and Fayetteville, which is only like they're only like 15 miles away from each other but the gap between the two of them with how they're doing things is incredible that Fayetteville is like I'll leave some balance beyond what beckley's doing right now Fayetteville is like its own little world inside of West Virginia. It's it doesn't really make sense how they're doing it. But well, it's I mean there's there's a space adventure Resorts. And so I want to go do that and they have a one that's like an all-day ziplining exceptional. They have Ace and then there's actually Adventures on the gorge to adventures in the and then Rivers Expeditions. They have like three big companies that do that now which is amazing and they little bus people I believe it'll bust people Houston Airport and give them if I'm correct. I found there and I can't confirm by I've heard that they heard of The Deadly idea. I know I've seen the buses when I've been down that way and have gone through and oh, yeah and scene they have like packages. It's probably one of the probably the white water rafting capital of these Coast. Yeah. Yeah, I would say one of them I would think it's like probably the top like only River and the New River. There's so much white running. Vale Seasons actually coming up soon. But Fayetteville itself a little-known fact about Fayetteville is right before you get to the bridge if you're ever on the bridge, I would say that this particular location is some of the best sandwiches you will ever have in your life. Yeah, and it is a restaurant called Secret Sandwich Society and it is nothing secret and particularly about it other than its Triple S which I you know, like the name and everything but every single sandwich in the restaurant is named. For president and every single sandwich I've had their has changed my life. Oh, they're so good in a multitude of ways. Yes. It's also where a local chain Pies and Pints got their start as a big pizza now. I think they're in Ohio, maybe Kentucky. I think they're in Cincinnati now too. It's crazy to me. There are two main locations are in Fayetteville and then here in Charleston, which I always thought when I was younger that the Charleston one was the original thought. That was the old well their logo is the elephant and they didn't have a logo until they opened up the Charleston location saw all this elephant decoration in in the restaurant and then we're like, well, we don't have a logo and we don't have anything to go off of so why don't we just keep tell fit and make it the Pies and Pints thing. So it's a really what's a good way. It's a really good place in cradle. New businesses in West Virginia and Fayetteville is kind of what everyone else should be looking at in the state and saying oh, let's kind of emulate what they're doing in the best part about it is it's still very West Virginia in there and you all the same, you know, kind of people from all different walks of life and you've got you know, you're real country folk got your, you know, your hippies that are living out there and doing their little thing. You've got your blue collar workers. You have this mesh of people and everybody loves. Is that town? I know a bunch of people that even work in Charleston here that are from the Oak Hill Fayetteville area because it's really not a long drive and it's not a long drive. It's maybe like 45 minutes from here. Yeah, and I mean, that's the good another good thing about Fayetteville. They're conveniently located vertically you have Beckley which has a lot of bigger things there within 15-20 minutes. You got Charleston, which is probably about 40 minutes. I would say about 40 45 minutes. So and it's very accessible. I mean, there's a highway that runs right to it, right? You got Summersville Lake what I 20 minutes snoring minutes nor five minutes. So it's Fayetteville kind of is a hub for like fun. It's like anything and it's Unique in that aspect of like, you know anywhere in West Virginia. And so we don't my beef is we don't have a full map of everything. So yeah, it will maybe in there but I do know that the New River Gorge Bridge is beside Charleston in the new fall at 76 that yeah. So if you notice the shots from below the bridge there were houses and like a little town which isn't actually there you can't build. Yeah anything below the bridge essentially all that's actually there are train tracks and Riverbanks everything then the One-Shot kill everybody. Yeah jumps guess to go into afterwards. Yeah. So it's it's just sort of that. That was one thing which I mean, Not a big deal. No biggest beef like you that I have is that it is within, you know, you can see the bridge from Charleston and that's not exactly accurate. Yeah, everything's condensed. But I come sees game. It's like Boston wasn't an accurate representation of I mean, it had the locations that had in a rural way of things of how everything was located in. It. Looks like it's a very similar thing. So, you know, Charleston is kind of that middle. Like mid left of everything and then you've got your cranberry Glades to the East and then the only thing that's kind of weird to me. I feel like out of all of them DC was eerily accurate. That was the one map that it was like yeah. This is actually pretty spot-on. Yeah, I think there's some and you have to shrink all the towns and yeah all the stuff and so it's like how do you put I mean you could just basic game around Arlington because yeah so freaking Huge but but it seemed like just placement. It seemed pretty proportionate Dee's I mean for what they had to do, but realistically I guess West Virginia has a lot more Mountains and obstacles and there's a lot more stuff and you know, it's hard to appreciate Fayetteville without actually going there because from an outsider. It's just another small town in America. Yeah, but once you get in it and once you realize and there's no specific landmarks or anything particularly interesting, it's got a nice little downtown. Yeah. I've been there. Shop down there. It's been cool too, but you could spend a week in Fayetteville. And oh God easily and not still not have done everything for how small it is. I mean you could set up two or three days just with Ace Adventure Resort or Adventures on the gorge in OSS doing the zip lines in the rafting and they have like the lake with all the equipment and stuff and kind of like just like a it's like an adult playground there. But I've got a Tom Haverford business idea for them because let me tell you what I love on my on my on my honeymoon. I got married, right? We went to a Sandals Resort and let me tell you what's freaking relaxing as having everything paid for when you go it's expel all inclusive all-inclusive haven't ever all the drinks all the different stuff. If somebody could open up an all-inclusive resort in West Virginia where it's like you go whitewater rafting whenever you want. You can go ziplining wherever you want. Hey, we have a TVs you can get your license to ride you can go ride our Trails whenever you want. We've got all your bills covered your transportation covered. Everything you need is right here. That is a smart business side. I'll fund it. I think I could I've got I've got one person for my adventure Resort and then it was just through a GoFundMe. Well, we'll get it going put it on Kickstarter Kickstarter all-inclusive West Virginia resort 50 million for the first floor and then I'll try to get a hundred million for every extra. I'll try to get Jim Justice on the phone. Oh, we'll get him. Yeah, you get it all sorted. Up. I think it's it, you know answer. I think he's a little busy with the other major Resort in West Virginia. And I don't think he would particularly find it unless it had the name Greenbriar Adventure Resort. We know the green bright people forget man. People forget be remember people forget or maybe just build it on the property and just be like, here's the Greenbrier and back here. We got the all inclusive Greenbrier adventurers or and then we build another Vault there and that would be listen. I was thinking about this the other day. A little off topic with the vault at The Greenbrier. You know what you got. I was like, okay, so then that got leaked that that was a thing back in the day Bubba blah, right first off, you know, someone had to be really pissed off and probably got fired when that lead somehow mmm. I kind of started thinking. Okay. Well, I wonder where the where the new one is like there's got to be several on the East Coast. I would think that we don't that we don't know about there has to be I bet there's another one at The Greenbrier. It's like reverse psychology. Oh, yeah, we got this one that you guys found like. Yeah, we're giving tours of it underneath that one. There's another one. I mean who's to say so here's the thing that bunker has it been decommissioned. Yeah, they could still use it. It's a fall out. So it doesn't protect from any any bombs or anything now with the current bomb technology and you know, and I'm not a military scientist or really know anything. Then when you fire a mini-nuke, it makes a little explosion on the map and I feel real good about it. But if they you know, they chose the location for different geological reasons and so they could still use it. But I would imagine that maybe they could still use that or maybe there's something else that we I think there's something else that we don't know about in West Virginia be oh, yes. There's a lot of weird things that happen as far as like, for example, there was a whole town for sale recently. That was this Navy. Ville base that they built a town for with all the amenities all the different hookups for internet everything you got in West Virginia in West Virginia and they were selling it for it was like 50 mil or something and I bet have that number entirely wrong. Maybe it was ten mil. I'm not sure but they were selling this whole town. I'm thinking why would they build whole time just yeah just to sell it but it's kind of got your radio silent Zone where you can have any of the radio signals. I bet you that I bet you there's something else that and of course there is probably within the West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Virginia all Delaware, you know all the it's there's definitely something I would say some here on up and smell with our nose man are some here. I want to believe but as far as people the theories behind that. I have a few that I will share with you from my recent tour and talks with the tour guides at The Greenbrier hotel on the bunker tour in a later episode where we talk about the green bar bunker. I don't want to save excuse me. I don't want to shoot all of our good episodes here at And so I've caught a good business tactic, of course, there's going to be a Mothman episode. Of course, there's going to be green bar pucker up said of course, there's going to be a Charleston West Virginia episode because we are interested in West Virginia. But right now we're keeping it. We're keeping it small where you know, even those. Oh, yeah, we're leaving those breadcrumbs. So the bridge in the game. I have a theory. Okay, I'ma put a bet on the board. Okay, so the bridge is famous for what what's that? When you think of the the bridge what do you think of base-jumping based on incorrect? I bet you that at some point you are going to get a parachute. Yes within the game that way and you are going to jump off that bridge and you were going to get a trophy or achievement when you do so I think that yeah, I think I like that idea. I'm not totally opposed to that because there's all this verticality and the game where you got the mountains you've got different stuff and it's like, okay. So when you see these high points in the game, what's your first thing you do in Grand Theft Auto when he gives the top of the mountains like it's gonna jump almost gonna just gonna send it. So she didn't I think that that would be cool. I I think it would be cool if I mean it was like part of some sort of a mission or a quest. I think that would be cool make it a little more meaningful to but I don't know or if you could just do it as many times as you want. There's got to be something about base jumping. Yeah an action with the bridge you'll probably I'd imagine that you know, you'd see like, you know a little skeleton with the parachute on it be at the bottom that would be turned over. That'd be a cool little Easter egg Italy if they don't include base jumping just having someone at with it. Parachute and I mean, what would you do if you weren't invited to a vault when the bombs are going off. It's like, okay. Well, I've always had a fear of jumping off Bridges. You know, what I'll do it and if I die I more the same place. Yeah. We're in the same place. I was going to be in right so that would be cool. I will probably more than likely jump off the bridge like in the game just to do it. I bet you that there's going to be something tied to that I'm saying it's a achievement or trophy or something like that where you jump off and you know Probably from that from that height. That's probably the quickest straight down shot that you get in West Virginia just from being able to scale different things because verticality yeah that much was thing and fall out. Yeah, I'd never really thought about that. I guess. Yeah and so in past games they've had like jet packs or you to take you up to the top of the Washington Monument or right New Vegas there wasn't that much verticality. Other than when you go up to the penthouse. Yeah, but for this game they've talked about that. Are open yeah, they've talked about that about how that's a new thing. And so you're able to identify where you are based off landmarks and how the map is more of a approximate pectoral visualization visualization of the area. I don't remember if it was Todd Howard. I've watched an interview with some of the creators and designers, but they were talking about how I think it was Todd Howard. He was talking about how like what you said was seeing the Works on the mountains and stuff can help you kind of navigate where you are, but that he they wanted you to sort of get lost in the mountains. So like I think that for sure especially around the gorge because like you're weighed out when you get down to the bottom of the gorge is your way down there. I mean you were if you're in that River for too long you get caught up in something and you're going to be out in the cone tray and in the holler as I call it. Yeah, there's There's a lot in those mountains that there's I want to find out more about what you've got stored up in those mountains Austin, what do an episode we'll do an episode. That sounds great. Welcome back to that awesome not to bridge topics here, but I am not sorry Bridge topics get into our next segment. So Austin this week has we're wrapping up the podcast and everything. What do you been playing what you been doing? I've been doing haven't really played a lot the last week honestly played some neat hog a little bit of that but a bit been any hot guys you get me hug you finally I did yeah it's been one or two I got 100 got one body yeah did that I've been playing some Fallout 3 still kind of react to that so right now I'm actually actually restarted it twice so you this time I'm on my way to Galaxy news radio so I'm working through that I kind of stayed around megaten for a little bit contemplated you know blowing up the town decided Artesian since decided to be a good person and not do it it's hard to go against your will and you're gonna get ya do that until your third or fourth character yeah so this time I was like I'm just gonna let these people live their life and now I'm also merciful I'm so merciful so now I'm on my way to Galaxy news radio so I had I remembered before I left I was like oh yeah there's like you know the rock behind maggots and where you can go back and get like it's like a sniper rifle hidden in it like a hollowed-out rock and I really didn't have a weapon other than a pistol so I was like I'll go grab this real quick have some and there's only like five bullets and I think like the condition of the weapon is like it's almost done so that didn't help so now I'm just kind of making my way downtown Walkabout, I'm just kind of just kind of working my way that way so I'll probably play a little bit more of that tonight. I've just been so busy the last week. I haven't really had time to do anything but it's wearing off his worker there an adult sucks. Yeah adult sucks. I'm with you. I understand. That's as the the numbness of my lower mouth wears off. I completely understand that Pro tip is get your dental insurance figured out. Yeah early that way you don't have it. Cavities because you're getting your yearly or now for me every six months cleaning. So for me, I've been playing some Fallout 4. I finally got through a lot of the Minutemen stuff, which is what I've been focusing on and I've never really used the artillery system. But let me tell you what's really fantastic in that game as the artillery system. I've always wondered about that. Well never is nothing have the settlers and you have everything good you can use that at any of the adjacent locations Your settlement and so once you have that set up you're essentially free to explore anywhere around your settlement with some very heavy Firepower. And so I've been kind of messing around with that getting most of I think most of my settlements are up in the northern part of the map and just kind of get in that starting area off and figuring out how each Them are set up and fed and getting enough settler so that I can have my food while enough and planning a lot of that been planning a lot of mud fruit. If you must know what does that mean? It's a tree that tree fruit and I think it's called Montford the comes off and get a different Farms get in different areas. But instead of .5 food, like most of the other crops it is 1.0 food, which is a lot better for your settlements if you're looking to up your food. A game I might I spend so long since I've actually played through Fallout 4. I need to get back into it and just kind of I might have to start it over most I see you're going through three. I haven't played three in a coon's age. My friend. So 3 is actually my favorite. I think I think three is actually it's tough to say three. God of War is giving it a run for its money, but I think three is my favorite video game ever. Mmm. I think I really want to say it is I think just because of how long I spent on that game. I spent when I was in high school. Yeah, I understand because it's like I have a very special connection with the Bolivian because I spent so many for yes that game I used to and like I just remember the first time when I finally had gained a little bit of skill and I got some weapons. And some arm and just running through DC listening to like bingo bango bongo. I don't want to leave the country like when I got my songs like and it makes you feel like so just involved like you're just like you're in the game like the the just everything about that game. I think it's just it makes it even more interactive and I can anytime I hear any sort of music from like the 30s or 40s now, I think Man, I'm listening to the lyrics. I'm like, I could totally see this in a Fallout game. Like I'm wondering what they're going to put in it. So like I just you know, I go back to that and I just remember sitting in my room for hours and hours on end. And it I guess almost it takes you back to a better time like you're very lucky. Yes. It's weird 50s in the Stalls. Shh that like everybody had an 80s like yeah, it was like, oh man 256 so cool when you had grease coming out you had all this different stuff and it's like this like, Pseudo sci-fi 50s in the stall Judah and say yeah, I feel that way at Christmas time a lot of a lot like what I watch a white Christmas, which is the yearly charge on that. I watched White Christmas and even in Fallout 4 is tracks Danny Kaye who is opposite Bing Crosby in that film has he's the one that does bingo bango bongo. I do love that song. That's a good one that song and was the The Ink Spots is up with her called the I don't want to set the world. yeah I've noticed I guess it wasn't necessarily only them but kind of that initial riff like that dude that was like very popular I feel like wasn't it yeah a lot of songs yeah I think that any even it's used it's used in this podcast it's used in a lot of the first time that you do something so when you first walk into the town you're like town that you like had your family in that intro plays very quietly in the background which I think is an interesting little musical thing as you walk in as the quest dialogue I believe Pops in as you come in the sanctuary for the first time you have that around an iron and during the doing did during the ding ding ding hmm so I think the music is interesting and we're going to have an episode later on with a guy who plays ragtime banjo and we're going to be talking about Appalachian music history of the banjo as well as Tunes from the 40s and 50s which the Guy plays professionally with this group and tours around and he plays a rendition of I don't want to set the world on fire on Banjo. It's very very nice. My friends always thought I was weird because I actually in after playing Fallout enjoy listening to those songs. It gives you like an appreciation for it almost when you're when you're just kind of thrown into it because it's really, you know, you listen to that or you listen to what's the like the Patriotic. What was the Other radio station Enclave radio or whatever Henry Henry Lala like it it was that or that or just listen to silence basically. So you kind of are forced to get into this like 50s Groove. I remember at first I was like, I don't want to listen to this and then, you know like a couple weeks and I'm sitting here like singing every song word for word. Like, I mean that happens even years like you don't pick up a game for the year and you're still thinking about the songs because that's all you heard. Yeah. It's I think when I started playing Fallout last week, I could still pretty much recite every song like it. It never really leaves you at that moment. So I'm excited to see going into West Virginia what they'll choose what sort of like there's got to be an Appalachian feel really feel to it and it's interesting because if I'm correct chronologically and I'm pulling this one straight out of my butt here chronologically. I think Country Roads is the newest First song that they like as far as like year it was recorded. It's one of the newer ones because they rarely include stuff out of the 60s. That's why I almost feel like they won't actually put it in the game. I could see it being more of a try. They could have already said it's going to be putting in the game. They think so production company to re-record the song. They probably have rights to it. They're selling on the zeitoun. I guess it is stupid the game. It's gonna be like the main thing, you know, I'm hoping that there are some other just like Appalachian rooted songs just some sort of I don't know and I think going along with the folklore like there's probably some songs they could pull right about folklore and stuff like that so that would be cool one thing I hadn't thought you know like John Henry you wonder if there's going to be any John Henry references probably going to have some John Henry rifle I'd imagine that they would I want a song about John Henry say I'd imagine that a lot of the main main line West Virginia stories like happens McCoys mmm which I want to do an episode on I'd imagine there's going to be something and yeah about about those things because it's like you can't talk about West Virginia without talking about those stores exactly so that's it'll be interesting to see what they do yeah alright folks that's it for today don't forget to email us your questions at vault boys WV @ gmail.com that's VA ult Bo I SW V @ gmail.com check us out on social media at Vault boys WV I have learned how to use Twitter I'm using Twitter the Tweeter if you want to know more facts about the episodes he some pictures see some photos kind of get a banner saying we're talking about and communicate with me Twitter is a great way to do it in my email is a great way to do it for the podcast but for now the Vault doors closing stay safe