Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy. Hello. Hello, it's us your least favorite drunken Harry Potter British podcast with two girls in their mid-20s who this is really good carry on. Yep, here. We are talking about goblet of fire fire this episode. We've had a lot to drink before we started recording. We went to the pub and then recorded two episodes of podcast pre-drinks pre-drinking with podcast Hannah doesn't remember Name of the series. She can't protesters drink some Patron. It's off a truck. You want to listen to that speaking of patreon. We have a lot to go through. We don't goofed and haven't read this in a while. We don't know how that happened. So we promised whenever anyone became a patron that we would read you out in the next recorded episode and somehow we haven't done that since October. So now we're going to do a lot and we're going to do them as quickly as possible, but also spend time saying thank you to the wonderful wonderful people read the names of people. Talk about we love you all you You are incredible you make all of the difference. We will hopefully have lots of exciting announcement soon. And we already have some exciting announcements coming up but here at some people who in the last three four months have to help our paint them and I think people are you ready? So new patrons who are amazing. We have Reese Isabel, Chloe Karina, Heather Ryland Dallas. Add an Elsa Trevor Enid. Sorry. I'm going to butcher that true Hannah any ideas true, Trey. He if you let us know we will correct that in a future episode. Aaron Juju Matt, Samantha Evelyn. Anna Megan are why do I get the hard ones? You just yeah and Mary Gray Fiona Ashland. Tray Brittany tilde Abby's am Marcus Amber and Billy Samara Kirsty Melissa, Charlie and Junie great name. Thank you all thank you all so much. It literally means so much for us five people upgrade. Graded their pledges to produce a level patrons in the last few months. So a huge thank you to Amanda Danny Mark Nathan and Veronica who have all upgraded recently and a huge huge. Thank you to our new producers Katie and mutter lib. I'm really sorry if that's not how you pronounce it. Just let me know we will fix it. Basically, you're all amazing. And we probably I say we promised to do things a lot. We will read people in the episode sooner closer. I don't know what happened over Christmas a lot of things happened a lot of things. We got the all those People are supporting our Patron and we have finally updated our pledges on patreon. So for a long time, we were asking many patrons, obviously everyone who sign up to our Patron recently. They've been getting the rewards. That's the bonus episodes the Discord access if you're a producer level Patron that's picking our alcohol, but we what we have anymore think I'm any more thinks there's lots of other perks, but we hadn't updated in a while was our goals. So our goals are if we either x amount of money or x amount of patrons, we do a certain number. Of things. So we finally updated them and I put out a tweet to hit 50 patrons and then we did that within about two hours two hours. We did that. So I thank you everyone knew so our goal when we hit 50 patrons was to do a patron exclusive live episode that will be happening in the next few months. I've stream not my better side. Yeah livestream not an episode a live stream just for our patrons. That'll be happening in the next few months will obviously give people lots of notice and time and date so they can book it in with us. Who signs up to become a patron before that happens we'll get access to that and then hopefully we'll be doing them quarterly. However, we now have three more goals to hit the next goal, which is when we hit 60 patrons, which we are only for patrons away from is that gender merchandize people have been asking for this a lot. We've already started planning it but when we hit 60 patrons, it's time to start planning it for real. Yeah, if we hit to get patrons, we've already smells we're pretty much there. Yeah, we're pretty much there, but you know we want to Hit 60 patrons, if we hit 75 patrons, we will do what we've been hoping for a while a pub crawl in summer where we try to go to every single wetherspoons Pub in zone one of London, which maybe doesn't sound like a lot but Hannah, how many is that? It is 20. Yeah in in one day in one day and bear in mind. That's not 24 hours. That is XI XI yes, 12 hours exact bear in mind these pubs are not all along one road. They are spread out across a few miles. Yeah, so you literally have to like down a pint and a good and this will be something which we will make sure the content for is like will do a bonus episode of it and will try to film it. Yeah and post a proper video about it will have special guests popping in and out. It's going to be a really good time. We also are thinking about ways that this can be a charity fundraiser. We're discussing between each other different charities that would suit this kind of thing. Um, so if you want to have any input in what charities you think would be good for this just let us know DMS and we can talk about it. And if we hit a hundred patrons we would like to this is not a definite because there's a lot of other factors go to leakycon. Yeah, there is a huge amount of factors in this. So we're trying to do this one. We're currently costing up trying to make any way that it can work. It is not a guarantee, but we will do our very very best and getting to a hundred patrons would help us. Achieve this goal so much. It would be very very expensive for us to get there. And that's kind of like our like kind of end goal then we're working towards but that's to say this goal is not a not a promise. It's just a it's not help. It's a stretch goal on patreon, you know, that's what stretch goals are for. So that is what your money is going towards if you help us on patreon among lakhs of other things, like keeping this podcast running week-to-week. That is the big things. We're focusing on so thank you to all the patrons who have come in in the last Three months whose name we just read out you are helping support us so much and it will be linked in the description of whatever player you're listening to if you'd like to join us on patreon. Let's stop going on about patreon. Yeah, and should we do the episode let's do the actual episode tip. So today talk about patreon one more time. It's a Patron alcohol episode is I'm so excited. So our new producer level patreon Katie got to pick our alcohol for this episode. What are we drinking Hannah? We are drinking. Long Island Iced Tea Katie is a girl after my own heart. So what is in this so tell us about it? How did you Source this allows us to use a cocktail. It is a cocktail of vodka. Gin. Tequila Triple Sec and white rum or mixed with sugar syrup lemon juice and Coke. It is one of the strongest cocktails you can buy always buy in a bar if they have the two for one deal because if I want to get drunk fast could is the best monetary way to get fast in a bar and it also tastes good. Yeah, but how did you come across this this much? Alcohol Hannah? Well, we couldn't afford to buy five white Spirits at once because that would have cost a hundred pounds. I already had gin and vodka and then I was around my lovely mother's house who has all the ingredients for a Long Island iced tea because her and my dad loved a Long Island iced tea, so I just took at least a shot full of each one poured it into a kombucha bottle. She had and brought it back to London. Cheers. It's quite sweet this one, it's nice. Like it. Yeah, the thing with Long Island Iced Tea which scares me is that doesn't taste strong to me know and you saw how much alcohol I put in this. Yeah, you scared. That is lethally strong. Yeah, it will be fine. You talk about Harry Potter shit. Why would we I don't know is that what we're here for apparently apparently so chapter 5 Weasleys Wizard wheezes easels Can't talk. You may already you already won. Yeah, I'd like for drinks before this to be fair. Yes. We have drunk some booze some we have an Indian on the way. It's all fine. It's all fine. So everyone finds that wins joke on Dudley hilarious moment. Was that Hermione would earn and she wasn't in the room, you know, my knee wouldn't but well know. Mr. Weasley and mrs. Weasley definitely don't yeah, but as they're all laughing we get introduced to Bill and Charlie the first time I have thoughts I have notes aye aye. So we have it like dipping a lot of um gestures right now. We have basically for this one session we read four chapters. So to herbicides worth and these chapters are so gay. These are some of the queerest chapters in the book who is queer everyone everyone. It's like Harry obviously is gay for both Bill and Charlie Percy is gay for Crouch. And Ron is gay for crumb. There was just a lot of homosexual feelings going on and it why I'm here for it was a lot going on. Yes. So Harry immediately just because it's JK Rowling writing Harry. It's just like all of the looks descriptions of Charlie and Bill. So first off Charlie EG the Wes Weasley EG my heart why do we think Bill is the hot one? I don't know Charlie sounds great. He's like muscley buff with load of freckles because he's been outside and burns on his he says so he mentions his rough hands so that he's so frankly. He almost looks tanned and has really muscular arms. Why does re-find Bill hotter? What the fuck is happening here? I know no it's all about Charlie that you this one your great to your lovely. You look great, but I fancy. This Charlie do you break my heart but it's fine. Don't go breaking my heart. I need to keep an eye on I wear then if I could it's not even if I tried I tried that was so he also talks about Bill and how he's tall and has a fan Deering. It is a fun. Dearie Fang daring. It is doing a fucking travesty that bill is straight who what straight man wears a fan and earring might as well as said it was a Hoop with a cross dangling from it. Alright Boy George. My thing is that like there is like there was no other word for it bill was cool and like okay Bill is cooled by a old people standard of what they think cool is or be. I don't actually know what was cool in 1994 as I was in the womb at this point, maybe long hair tied in a ponytail find earrings and leather boots were cool. Where are they? I don't think so. I feel like it's more Italy. She's more of like a 80s Boy George kind of yeah, 1994 was more like take that kind of like Westlakes like the spiked hair smelling friends, like, you know, they're like love interest of the girls were there like always so hot and then it's just like this weird moustached my mad and you're just like why? Oh, yeah. I don't think I did the description of Bill is not cool. I lived here. Oh, honestly the biggest plot hole in the entire of Harry Potter is building straight. Yeah. Yeah, and he's not just straight you'd like Like get the hottest girl alive and it's just a whole thing that's happened. Maybe that happened because when she like read it back she realized the quiz subtext and she was like, nope gotta eradicate that get rid of that. So after we get those descriptions mrs. Weasley arise in the kitchen and starts shouting at Fred, which is understandable a mining Ginny also arrived and Hermione being the smart one works out way from to worm themselves out this situation. She's like how much showed you in the butt every brilliant moment when mr. Winn, He was like don't make me tell your mother and then she's like tell me what and he's like. He's like, how are you knew that? Mr. Weasley never would have told Molly. Yeah, I love mr. Weasley so much I do too. So it turns out the Fred and George have been working on something called Weasley's Wizarding weezy's so it's basically they've been inventing joke shop products and in the expansion of this we found out the mr. Swezey has been really really angry about this and set against this because she wants it's the twins to go into the ministry and I feel like this is one of the first times in Harry Potter and this now continues for the rest of four books where we get these really relatable team storylines, like two people growing up reading this that struggle when you're like 15 16 of you finally kind of realizing that what you want to do but your parents having this idea of what they want you to do and you're still a kid. So you need to listen to what they want this battle between it because she wants them to go into a respectable risk-free job which earns them a fair wage. Hope they've grown up with not much money and she wants what is objectively best for them, which is a low-risk Ministry job where they'll be respected and a good wage. They don't want that and they all those smart want to apply that intelligence just something completely different and it's just obviously this gets more and more in depth in this book and the next book but at this point she's really not seeing like their unique potential, you know in her eyes, they've just failed all their exams. They want to fuck about and they I don't care about the fact she's worked really hard to raise them and they're not respecting that it's a really relatable story line. I think for sixteen-year-olds everywhere of that struggle you feel when you're 16 of against your parents expectations. You know what I think really would have helped the situation what musical number where they sung about their feelings potentially with basketballs and see that. Yeah, maybe it could be something about getting their head in the game. Yeah, because they want to be a singer. Like yeah, I know I see that because there's like a pretty girl involved. Yeah, that's that's what's going on here. I see where you're going with that. I think that could be something actually maybe not a book. I think it would work better as a film actually and maybe there should be like three or four of them. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah, and I think we should I think we should brainstorm this. Yeah, they should write that could be something we'll put that on the back burner. My note that I had was that the twins are like 15 or 16. Yeah this like they They've invented all of these like incredible really complex things at 15 and it was just like I would barely a functioning human being at 15. I like I did nothing in there. They're so competent and intelligent and it completely goes under the radar and I think this is kind of like a really great depiction of how creative or vocational careers and you know, like degrees a treated in society yet. If you want to do something specific and often quite times like relevant to Industry your kind of like look down upon rather than if you wanted to do something more like Traditional yeah, and I think obviously mrs. Weasley end up being really proud of them into books time. And I think but she only ends up being proud when the risk the huge risk. They took pays off and I think that is the same for a lot of people who want to go into vocational creative things. Even though that shouldn't be a wrist me. It's more of a risk to study English than it is to study business like English unless you go and become a teacher doesn't really relate to anything, but it's still just the way Way our society is set up is that people are only proud of you and that risk has paid off. Whereas when you study like a general subject to you go into the ministry. It's like oh, but they can do anything with that. So they're definitely going to be successful. Yeah, they walk past Percy's room and he shouts at them because he's working on a report and as we've established last episode. It's a Sunday during we had a whole argument about this which means Percy is working on a report on a Sunday, which is not See he is a fucking idiot. He's a work nerd and I know that obviously when you're in school, you do work at the weekends and in the evenings and stuff like that. But as you enter the workforce you realize that you really shouldn't work at the weekend because you're not being fucking paid to do that. Yeah, and also like he's doing that to get it done early, but then later on his boss little girls are no wrong thing. And this is the I just I love this and so that's where it is that people could kill themselves. Working for a company that literally does give a shit about them. It's like no other things are more important and I say this as a very very ambitious person and someone that you are Slytherin. How did you get it? I don't know and it's something that's doing well in their career but like there is more please don't work on weekends. Yeah, like obviously there are situations where it has to happen. And if you love your job and you're like I need to get this done because of X Y Zed then, you know, sometimes it's okay, but if you're just doing it to try to impress someone who doesn't even know Name I wouldn't care if you died and got replaced the next day by someone else. Don't fucking do it. Yeah, literally yeah, they're so is more to life don't work on Sundays as we've established. It's not a Monday. It's a Sunday. So Fred and George are crammed into Ron's room. We find out when we get there because Bill and Charlie have taken there's which lends the question of where they all slept before Bill and Charlie moved out. Very true. I assume what this meant. Is that Percy had to share a room with someone. One because at the moment he has a room to yourself and Ginny and Ron shared a room basically until they went to school which is potentially quite normal for siblings of different genders until they go to school, you know at that age you start to separate them. Yeah, but there aren't enough bedrooms in this house. So clearly some other people were sharing that weren't before. Yeah, which is sad. I mean, it's yeah it is sad especially because like this is a house where Harry described like extra rooms being clearly added on my magic and they still don't have enough rooms. It's just like mr. We see works for the government. Didn't he should be able to look after his family? But also the family is huge. They merely head back downstairs. They were upstairs for like two seconds. Yeah, there's a lot like just general like Weasley world-building. Yeah and this time to love which yeah, I love like it. I could eat the whole book so beautiful and it's like the bit when a bill and Charlie just like I having a fight with thick with the tables. It is hilarious like such fun. It sounds so good. But also I wrote down that it's a really Vivid description of magic and it really counteracts. What we've just read with the dursley life, so you have mrs. Weasley cooking and you have really vivid descriptions of her like skinning the potatoes a key owing the pots and pans making the sauce out of her wand and then immediately how he walks outside and sees Bill and Charlie making the tables fight and it's like magic is just used in these people's everyday lives for both like useful things and fun things. Whereas Harry's just been living in a place where none of that happens and it's very in your face and it's a good way to jump back into the Wizarding World. Yeah, totally so Percy and mr. Weasley. Bertha jorkins disappearance, which is very key because this is kind of our first time seeing it from the other side. Like we know she's missing but now we kind of know that other people know she's missing and also like actually will know we know she's dead. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we know she's dead and this is the first time that it's mentioned but the the narrator Harry doesn't say, oh when he remember Bertha jorkins, it's very clear. He's forgotten her and also I think as I said, like most people will be reading this book with separate chapters gaps in between won't be remembering so there's a good chance you might be Like I recognize that name and then not think about it. So we kind of had this slow build of Bertha jorkins been dropped in the conversation. She's in the new bagman Department this the first time you've heard of Ludo bagman and she's been missing over a month and the conversation moves on and it's kind of like, oh, okay. Oh, okay, and you don't really have time to actually think about it. Yeah. I have a question. Okay to pose it Hannah. Why don't Wizards to stop going to Albania. Who else what Y is real Charlie. I have a question. Where is it? I feel Huh? Like, it's near Africa kill. Okay Hanna. What kind of where is it? You have to bet as well near Russia. It's in the Balkans. I don't know where the Balkans are. Only Greece Nick. We were both. So I was the most crack you. Yeah, it is. No actually no, it's I'll come on. Of course the continent that my Africa is it is the country of Russia ish? No, it's far closer to I think okay, but you guessed a whole continent and I at least get a country you guessed at continent-sized Country. Albania is really big. Why does no one go there. I'll do you want some if we have our baby Soph sighs, but I'll be okay too. But yeah, they're like squirrels listening Albanian. Yeah that That's what I was trying to okay, because I happen to like Greece quite a few times. I can't say I've been to add really close to Bulgaria actually, and I've been to Italy. Oh my God, I'll be is really big anyway enough at the geography. We only talked about British govt on this podcast. No, but I'm pretty sure that this was where cruel when as well wasn't it? It's like we're at kind of know the Voldemort's been hanging out and we're all went there and you know that also happened who who goes on holiday, too. Is that Glee It's like who's like, you know where I'm gonna have you ever heard anyone in an office go. Yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna lovely holiday this year to Albania. Sorry to a deal baby. It's this thing and I sure want anyone go to I'm sure it's lovely. It's just not a big tourist attraction. I don't think it's a big tourist attraction. So who's like maybe gonna have like, maybe it's like a Wizarding pick. Maybe it's like a historic bit magical. But again, I'm sure it's not because then why would fold what we they're like, I thought he went to Albania because no one would go there. Why did he go to our being like literally like bad things happen when was Has go to Albania. So just stop fucking going up but no one knew that nothing had happened to Quirrell until later in the fact, but yeah, but now Birth has gone when she knew that. Yeah, but everything's birth is an idiot. And I want that worried. They think she's gone to Australia. I'm just saying you would think the birth of would like, you know know she would shoot she wouldn't have got I think okay 200 Patron stretch goal we go to Albania. Yes, so they all stay up late chatting before they realize that they have to get up. Early in the morning and I'm like this just sounds so floating. Like this really did a nice evenings and they have yeah and the like I just love the idea of like all 12 of them are 11 of them sitting together eating chicken and ham pie, which is my favorite meal with potatoes and they're just like yeah, it just sounds I'd like it's home since moments in Harry Potter where you're like, not much pot is happening, but I would love to just insert myself. Yeah, and this is definitely one of those. Yeah, that's so they mentioned that a previous match last lasted for Five days and Percy is like oh no, I hope it doesn't like I dread to think of the state of my in-tray AKA his email out but inbox and I'm just like this is so relatable my God the stress of going on holiday when you're like that how many Emer the last holiday I went on was a I've never been on a two-week holiday whilst working only ever a week holiday. And the last one I went on I came back to 470 emails. I think yeah. I mean I took a two-week holiday last year, but I was quite lucky that it was when I was literally three weeks into a You job at how so it wasn't too bad. Yeah, and it was horrendous, but you spend like the last few days the whole day being like, what's my inbox going to be like? Oh my God. Oh my God is very relatable. Mmm. Cool. That's the incident yesterday. What key port Q question. Why didn't they side long up, right? Okay, so I was thinking about this a because it would have to be a lot of back and forth because it's just there's more young people than old older people and B. We find out that later that Amos and Cedric Erick Amos is like oh, I can't wait for Cedric to pass separation. Does we have to get this Porky and they've been up since 2:00, so I actually think because this is going back to my previous statement the last episode we recorded like why didn't he just side along? I pray side long operation is frowned upon unless it's an emergency situation. Okay, I think by the way, it's described and the fact that Amos doesn't do it with Cedric. Yeah, kind of like maybe it's more risky because you're more like to see - your partner so it's like in Urgent situation really good people perhaps because I Buddha was a very powerful wizard exactly. Like if you have to do it you can do it but we recommend not to and you're putting yourself at risk. Yeah, but at the same time that's not in the text. So it's kind of a plot and it's kind of a plot hole Yeah. I was thinking the exact same thing. So Harry is broken up by mrs. Weasley who is up despite the fact that she isn't going to the game and it's like 3:30 4 o'clock in the morning. Yeah. I'm like, I know that she probably would have woke up anyway, because mr. Weasley is getting up and everyone else in the house is getting up but she's like cooking them breakfast. I'm like fuck this. Do you think you do something? Yeah, so there's a huge discussion on operation and splintering. I feel like a lot of this chapter is like let's learn about these two modes of Transport transport chat that will come into play later. I know I feel like that happens with Harry Potter all the time. It's like let's learn about this new method of Transport, which definitely won't come up at the end of the but no, it won't come back up. It won't it won't forget about the board Geezer but not important. I really like the parallels that really obviously drawn though between Apparition and driving so we find other like you have to be like it's have a licensed and unlicensed. It happens around 17 because purse he's just on his test. So, you know what happens around 17 18, you have to have a license to do it and I think it's really relatable to readers younger readers who are like, oh I can't wait till I can drive because driving away symbolizes freedom and being able to finally have your own agenda rather than got see relying on lifts, especially when you live more out in the sticks and I assume it seemed in The Wizarding World with Apparition. You can finally go where you want to go. And I like this real world. Yeah parallel between the two things. Yeah something I want to know listeners is out in the sticks a universal expression because I say it and sometimes I say it to people and I'm like, I don't know with this as a regional thing. I definitely say I've always said it yet and the sticks out in the sticks meaning like in the countries that Countryside with no trans like no no transport links and those cities nothing like that. Yeah, but I don't want to know if it's a You know how you know when you listen to American Harry Potter podcast and they're always picking up on things in the book. Yeah that they're like, oh, I don't know what that means and we don't realize those kind of things and I wonder if we say things that people are like, I don't know. What is going me. Yeah. No, that's a good point actually out in the sticks. Yeah, if you guys whenever we say something British that you don't know what we mean tell you let us know because I'm really interested because you don't always realize when you're saying it that it's not a thing that everyone knows I find out a lot more at work. Obviously, I work in a very Multicultural office. Yeah, my bosses American most the people around me are European, you know, Emily who I work next to his French. So I'm constantly saying things in there like what what all they'll say things and I'm like what what what did you just say and it's really fun. It always is a topic of conversation. Do you know okay, you know the things okay you're swimming and there's things in the see that stop you going further in a certain place. They recommend you don't go any further than that. They're fully. Yeah. What do you think Americans call them? How do Americans pronounce that word I don't know. Bowie Bowie. Well, that's just wrong. It's a boy Bui Bui. We want lost an entire 15 minutes at work cry laughing about the first two people are office called it a buoy. Wow Americans, you just just so wrong about so many things I'd be like, oh no, this shark has crossed the buoy lied. Incredible. No one would date you seriously, but that's the irregular verbs like but boy is already a word. Why would you call it that it's got to you in it. It's about like that. I'm like but you always sound stupid. Yeah, it does. I was like, I really love the regional ones where it's like even with in England you can say things other people don't know what you're saying because it's so Regional. Yeah, I would love to know what that happens in other countries as well because it feels quite a British thing. Like we have like loads of them in Suffolk like on the drag and on the her which are two that sounds a lot different things. I've told you before and I know but I think that I didn't grow up with those. Yeah, exactly and I love it and I just I would love to know. I feel like America maybe does because states are like a properly divided the yeah, but yeah, I would love to know if maybe like other European countries would love like I'm youjin or slang. Yeah, let us know let us know a fact-finding mission. I do know some of that because I worked in an office with two French people and they had two different ways of calling it upon a shawl collar or something like that and they were like, oh no that's a northern French when you're wrong and they were like no no yours is a southern French thing and that's wrong and they really argued about it. So it definitely does it. Yeah, we then learn about Porky's and one important thing to note which I'm not going to talk about now, but I'm going to make sure it's in all your brains now to come back to you later. Porky's transport from one spot to another at a pre-arranged time. We won't I'm putting a pin in it but there's a pin in it we want to but we will move along moving along. We will swallow that there's a line remember the line in six months. We'll come back to this line. Okay moving on. Cedric and Amos degree are already on the hill. So we find out they live in a similar sort of area to Ron they've worked really really far and Amos who is Cedric Diggory is Dad said you did we have met before and book 3 turns out to be 8 bit of a dick when he meets her monkeys like my name was mr. Degree is an ass. Yeah. He's just like that kind of man that you meet and he's like trying to be really friendly and he seems really friendly and then he's saying the most passive aggressive shit. I So I had to know about him. I didn't write down his exact job title. But he works in the department for the control of magical creatures. Basically, I think that was the line and it just is just struck me because he would know about the dragons good point. Yeah, and he would tell his son. Definitely. Yeah, he's that kind of man. Yeah interesting and yet that's the one isn't it where Harry has to tell him and that's a key plot point. Blue that shit ride opened in I interesting also there's a lot of chatter in these chapters about various things at the ministry. This is kind of like our first and maybe the biggest in the entire books like insight into the ministry - aside from obviously when they break in but it kind of occurred to me that mr. Weasley has one of the most important jobs at the Weasley that we has always leaves at the at the government because his job affects everything like he says several different lines about his Department having to get involved in Other departments things like having you know, obviously to be involved in the in the World Cup because there's boggles involved, you know, when different kind of like disasters and incidents happened and he always has to get involved in when you think about it most departments in the ministry will had to call on his Department because the mughals are affected. Yeah. It isn't General mughals. It's specifically muggle artifacts, but I feel like by what mr. Weasley says because he's an affable person who knows a lot about Michaels a lot of other departments call. On him because he's very good at what he does. So he gets involved in more General muggle things rather than just artists like that's a lot. That's so many things like your mother Michael artifact that will be the majority of muggle incidence and I just think it shows like how massively underpaid he is only it's always inconsistent how poor they are and, you know part that can be down to how many kids they have those cool spread quite thin. Yeah, but they're so dramatically poor given that he's a department head. I mean it's a government person department. But yeah, but still and the fact that his department is called on by every other department constantly. I think what it shows though is how the attitudes towards anything to do with Muggles in the government. They are so derisive of and they think it's like, you know Percy says in but it's likely that muggle studies at the draft subject and that people who and Percy says that in later books that his dad's shop has always been a source of embarrassment even though it's an essential to Ask and so much of the ministry the Magics job is just keeping them secret from the mughals because my girls are seen as a lower class. Mr. Weasley is job where he cares for Muggles is seen as like it's just like a silly little job. Yeah. Yeah just shows like the derision make it make it make a wizard also known as miggles. Yeah, so Cedric actually tries to Correct his dad. This is why we've done that Cedric is like a DC. We already know he's a decent dude, like he tried to call off the game in book 3 when Harry fell off his room and Harry's like we actually won fair and square. There was no need for him to do that. And now tell me you're saying he's a good dude and he is a good dude, but it's a good dude. Good lad. What it just makes me think a cursed child and then I get really angry. No, no. No, it's not canon. It's not canon. Leave it alone. But he's a really seizing sky like a show makes me angry, but I just like Cedric Medina exactly Cedric corrects his own dad who is trying to show off about him? Yeah by saying like Dad Harry fell off his broom. Like it wasn't his fault. Like I won by yeah default. It's actually your like phrasing dude. He didn't fall of his broom because I'm flying. Yeah, but that was all my notes on on that. Well, then they touch the boot and it hooks them away and it was a horrible feeling this pork you feeling like yeah hooked behind your belly button like mix feel a bit sick Everyone Falls over but mr. Weasley Amos and Cedric and I love the bit of the film where they're like look into the sky like it's a dick move like tell them how to do that. Don't let them fall over so melodramatic as well. I know I know but here's a little significant thing. I notice it just kind of a tiny thing. But I only really thought about it on this read Harry's first Porky experience is with Cedric and then all see that links to the end of the book. Like the first time Harry ever experienced is a poke is with Cedric and the next time he experiences a portkey is again with Cedric it like link. It's this thing that ties them together because there's no plot reason for said really must be in this chapter apart from for us to get to know them so that it comes back up later, but it's a nice way of linking them with this transportation. Object so that's nice. That's a very good point. That's the end of these chapters. That is I really really liked these I did these were good thing is there's such a difference between this book and then previous three we've read like the plot that's happened in the last three chapters would have been put into one chapter in the previous books, but the description is so beautiful and the conversations are so much more detailed like those the description of like the sun rising and it was so much more in depth than in earlier books and there's just so much tighter more time take Turn on the words in this book. Yeah, and I love these chapters because they're getting ready to launch us into some of my favorite chapters of the entire series. I'm so excited for the next episode or go. I don't even have a lot of notes that aren't just me gushing about loving it. I just love love love love and I just for some of these These are the chapters that get me the most excited because it just it's relatable and we and just exciting and I'm literally just gibberish and I'm trying to stop myself because I'm just going to go and do stuff. I want to say in the next So I'm going to shut the fuck up. Yeah, I just really enjoyed. I always felt like as a kid. This is my favorite book and I always felt like I was because I want as much Harry Potter as I can get and anything extra it's good like just random chapters and chatting is good but it is plot building Bertha jorkins has been dropped in you have learned about Porky's but rather than the first two books where we're learning about all that whilst lot of other stuff happening. It's spread out. There's more time to breathe and I just just want to drop that these is this is the book where I just want to drop myself into what is happening and now it's better. Ian set so big time. I love it. We have a question. Oh my God redo. Yes. Let me okay. So as you guys know as well as one of the reward tiers on patreon the $10 tier is you get to ask us a question at the end of the episode. So Katie who is our new producer level Patron as well as choosing an alcohol obviously got to unlock the $10 tier as well. So she got to ask us a question Charlie. What's the question? So the question is, what are our top 5 favorite places in London? In Brackets places to literally anything eat drink hang or talk about whatever love love love such a good question the lovely creation so to start my first one is a little bit touristy and basic bitch, but I love South Bank. So South Bank is by Waterloo, which is as long as I've lived in London and slightly outside of London in university is my main train would come in to Waterloo and Southbank you literally walk towards The river and it's just all down the river and there is a book Market that the weekends are always better to copies of Harry Potter and that yeah Market always and there's like a food market as well. And it's just is quite touristy. That's where the London Eye is. It's always like bustling with people and it's just like beautiful along the we're River. It's a really really nice walk and kind of always to me. I know that if I go to Waterloo, that's my way home. So if I'm ever in central London, I was kind of looking I'm like can I Walk to Waterloo and even if it's like an hour, I'll normally walk and then it's literally I know that I just have to find the river and then I can just walk and then you always get two Styles bank and then can do the full walk along South bag. And I was no that's how I'm getting home. So I'll do a walking one as well. I'll kind of mirror what you're doing. So one of my favorite places to walk. I've only actually done the once it's called the Parkland walk you like this. It's an old train line. So it's this old train line that used to run it do it do it together. Yes when the weather warms up. Yes, it's the Soul Train Line used to run between a couple of areas of London. It got demolished when all the tube and overground expansions, but it got commissioned to be a green section. So to not have houses be put on it. So it got left as a walk which is amazing because it's just this straight line for about two miles and it runs between two areas of London to Great pubs. I can recommend either end so you can do a pub at either end of the watered sorted and it's just a really lovely cross-section little walk of London's it's called the park land. Walk and if you ever have like two hours to spare in your North London way, I'd really recommend as a different way of seeing a different side of London. So, my next one is Frank's Cafe. This is one which really sadly is only open in the summer time. But basically it's in Peckham and impeccable. There's like an old multi-story car park that's been converted and on the top in summer, they open it up and it's a bar but it's literally like your rough-and-ready bar like plastic cups cheap watered down. On beard you essentially piss off the side of the building. I mean you don't but there's like you kind of wooden Shacks where you can see off the side of the building because they're badly constructed. So yeah, I'm pretty much convinced that they literally just Chuck the piss off the side of the building disgusting. This is Cinema underneath. I'm really not selling this I'm aware of it is really rough and ready. It's a he flew over Lombardo has this stunning view of the London Skyline because it's down in South London, so it's not like when you go up The Shard You're seeing the London Skyline kind of too close to actually experience everything because it's in South London. You'll see you're literally seeing like the proper like silhouette of it. And in the day it's stunning in the night is even more stunning and I literally love it and is cheap booze and they've got like proper like sculpture are up there and it's really good fun. Yeah next on mine is this place called the filtering fullback also in kind of Northland and kind of area. It's this Pub that basically has built their beer garden to be like a kind of outdoor. Open Treehouse is the only way I can describe it. So this cross section of the garden like the ground Space is really small. So instead of just shoving a few tables in there. They built decking upwards. So it's four levels up words. You kind of have to walk around all these plants and you're going up and up all these levels and there's seating hidden everywhere so you can get like a hundred people in this Garden, which normally you'd only fit for Taste take me there as well. I will it's just really really cool place to go. You can go in the night and it's all lit up 19 go in the day and it also has the kitchen is run by 8. Lady so it's Thai food and I want to make like it's just so great. I love Thai food. Yeah so much. That's one of my favorite Pub. So my next one is such a boring one, but we have to do it wetherspoons. Particularly Cross Keys, which is by use. It's incredible. It's huge. It's this really like gorgeous old building. There's a giant crack in inside and it is just like wetherspoons if you're not from England is a A chain of really cheap unspectacular booze and food, but it's cheap and this is just like the best one in central London and my opinion it is the best one essential and I absolutely agree. My next one is this brought bar called Freud's it's slap bang in the Centre of London like right of Covent Garden like the kind of place where you wouldn't normally London as wouldn't go out to drink because it's mostly touristy but there's this little kind of underground bar you walk down some steps to get to it and it's all stonewalled and not very decorated. So it looks like I kind of Speakeasy like it's not meant to be that but it's been around for years and it's the kind of bar in London where they don't actually measure your spirits. They just kind of pour by I they love with a make great cocktails. There's a great happy hour and it's just one of those places in central London. That isn't like gimmicky or Cheney. You just going to get good cocktail in there have a good time. It's the kind of place where there's quite small table. So often you're sitting next to people like kind of strangers, but that means you get chatting to people it's just this is one of the best cocktail bars that slap-bang in the The center of London reasonably priced I'd recommend it so then my next one is actually a time place isn't like you mentioned and I've taken you here. I think time manager. Oh, yes. Yes. Oh it's by street. Is that how you say dude Street socata by like Soho or Oxford Street. It really really cheap like for Central London and just like literally the most amazing Thai food. The staff are absolutely lovely really really kind of the food comes out so so quickly and what I love about their menu is But rather than it being like a lot of Chinese or Thai places where it's like okay here is a massive menu and then your five vegetarian options pretty much every single dish comes with you get to pick your meat or your tofu and it's like the breaded kind of tofu, which is what I like. So you literally can pick what meet you have or you want to tofu instead of it. It means that you're vegetarian or vegan like well, if you're vegetarian the entire menu is suitable for you. Yeah, which is amazing because I hate when something sounds really good, but they don't have it as a vegetarian option. So this place is amazing and really really cheap it is and it's just good. My next paste is area of London, which everyone knows is seven dials. So seven dollars is right off Covent Garden and it's this area obviously 7 small roads converge and it's a tiny round about with a little dial in the middle. I can't explain it any other way and it's very much in the center of London, but just a lovely little place to see and if you've got if you're kind of around the area and you want to just sit down for a minute you can sit on the Will's and just watch what's going on down the seven little roads and it's just a really cute place. You've got Neal's yard by it. You've got Covent Garden. I just like sitting there sometimes so my last favorite place and actually I kind of want to do six now that I've thought about it. I could do 10. He's like, yeah, maybe we'll do sick. So my next one is actually it had to be done by one of us the Royal box. I would have an yay. So the Royal box are would have an is an amazing like really famous historic gave Nu yeah. Yeah, why we love it is because every few months they do a gay Harry Potter pub quiz. Yes, which is great. Yeah and just we were just born for this we were so yeah. It's an incredible night. We're normally they're always raises money for charity, which is like The Best of Both Worlds. It's honestly like the best night. So we really did have to give them a shout out. We really did. Yeah and they'll venues guys. Yeah, the Royal box towards heaven is actually one of the oldest gay Paul's in London, and that is because it's south of the river where it was originally the only place where lgbtq people could go and robot Stalin is so old it was one of the only places where gay soldiers could go during the war where they wouldn't be attacked. So to meet up with other gay soldiers while they're on leave. So it's really historic venue. It is at risk of being shut down. So now just support your local that news guys one of my last places. I'm actually changing from what was on my list is I had to bring up the best place to charity shopping Me and Charlie at me. Trying to be more sustainable in our shopping focuses because you know many reasons. Yeah, so we're doing pretty much six months and not buying anything new and kind of certain limitations. Like I ripped my jeans falling over so I do need to kind of replace my staple everyday jeans for your slings like fun to wear bikinis everyday that black boot socks. Yeah like that but anything pretty much aside from what we just said, we're buying sustainably so secondhand and vintage or from like sustainable retailers. All swapping with friends like just trying to find new ways. I have always loved charity shopping because you know, I never had much money to buy clothes. So it was how I originally bought clothes and then I've kind of been like well, why would I stop doing that and there is an area of London that is not well, there's lots of areas London to buy second-hand clothes like obviously like shoreditch being one of them, but it's very busy and the prices are quite High because a lot of people go there and search things but I found an area where that is not the case and it is around Pimlico. It's halfway in between Pimlico and Victoria. There's this little it'll kind of row within a half a mile radius of about seven different charity shops and vintage shops. They're so quiet and the clothes selection in there is really really really great because it's quite a posh area of London. So a lot of rich people donate which is what you want in your charity shops and I just love going there to browse. It's one of my favorite activities. So yeah for like we should also shout out the biermaier. Yes, Berman cpma. Yeah, which is actually two miles worth of like injuries. Yeah. Like independent breweries. I need can it should I walk down and like cop from Hop from like Brewery to brewery. I don't really drink cider. If you want to do the full Beer Mile only have a third or a half fainting each one. Otherwise, you will die. Yeah, and you cannot do it otherwise, yeah, but that's good. Lovely fun. There's your London recommendation. Sorry, if you have two scripts get through this but if you're ever coming to London, I feel like this is the kind of thing that people will go back and listen to us like we hope so. Yeah, so thank you so much for catching. That was an awesome question really was I love doing that. They are thinking about that. I love thinking about it made me want to go back to places, which is what I want to do. So, thank you Katie, and thank you everyone for listening to this episode. Yep. We'll see you in the next one. Bye. I keep listening to this episode a goblet of wine to find us on social media search at Goblet of wine pod on Twitter or at Goblet of wine podcast on Instagram. We also have a website over at www.globalkia.com dot u k where you can keep up with everything that we do this podcast is produced by a wonderful Hufflepuff tier patrons, Katie, Veronica, Mark, Danny, Amanda, Sandra and Nixon you'd like to support this podcast. Check out our Goblet of wine patreon where you can Also gain access to bonus episodes behind the scenes content and our Discord. Thank you so much for listening to this episode and we'll see you in the next one. Bye.