Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year. This is the pack a day podcast. Hello everyone and welcome back to another episode of a pack of the a podcast wherever you may be and however, you may be listening. Thank you so much for making us part of your day. My name is Nick Schmitz. And I will be your host for today. You all got a treat last week as I was not part of the podcast. You just got to hear Jacob and Maggie and oh, I'm so embarrassed Maggie Jacob help me out. Third period will seen Perry Goldstein. Yes is a I'm sure she'll be contributing from time to time with the packet a podcast especially on this one as Maggie. I'm going to let you plug your new podcast for their here real quick, which is titled packs, but she said I'm cheesehead TV. Alright awesome. Well, so welcome back. I know like I said, you got a break from me for a week. Now you're stuck with me again, but don't worry. We have another Special guest joining us today, so I will be quieter than usual. So but I want to start today's podcast episode before we get into the nitty-gritty of our topic for today. You've probably seen it by now Ian Rapoport reported last night on Twitter that a potential playmaker playmaker quotes. If you want to call it that hitting the free agent Market more than likely the Packers right now. It sounds like are not expected to bring back Jimmy Graham. So however you feel about that. I'm sure all of you listening have a very strong feeling one way or the other about that news, but sounds like Green Bay kind of hitting the reset button again at the tight end position. Yes, they do have some young and upcoming talent, but it is what it is Green Bay. So Jimmy Graham two years Green Bay 33 year old more than likely not back for the 20:21 season with the Packers. So just a little bit of news to keep you up-to-date if you hadn't already seen but so today we'd been promoting over the last couple of weeks. We wanted to get a listener in on the podcast with us wanted you to throw out your best topic idea for the podcast for the offseason and we have our winner Jay nalt as he let us Us know it's malt with an N J. So J. I'm going to bring into the program here now and just kind of give us a little bit of a background about yourself introduce yourself to the audience. And and once you've done that let the audience know the topic that you came up with for today. Sure. Hi, everybody glad to be here. You've already heard my day. I was born and raised in Green Bay lived there until I went to college at Madison and after that went out to organ for law school and then I've been in San Diego but that makes two things like the the internet and TV you can still follow Packers as much as you want regardless of where you live so that doing and you know, it's still an event. It really is no offseason anymore as we all know. So I've been listening to your podcast online and I'm glad to be here now terms of what you asked us to offer you it goes back to a couple weeks ago and one of my two and a half year old son's was not sleeping one night. So I was up with him. Him and I wound up on YouTube rabbit hole 1995 divisional playoff game where Green Bay went out and basically slap the 49ers around. I hadn't seen that game for I don't know and as I sat there watching it, I noticed that you know, things were very set in terms of the premium positions on both sides of the ball. You had Jerry Rice you had Robert Brooks you had far if you had yelling you had Reggie why I got in the Wall Street, but the point is there are 5 or 10 guys on each row after that were very very highly paid was kind of the beginning of the salary cap are two and then a bunch of guys who were in this kind of not bad players, but definitely not anywhere near the level of Economics that the stars were that's still larger the same and you look at what's going on now and it kind of hit me why teams don't look at positions. I don't think the same way they did even 10 or 15 years ago. So I wanted to Discuss what used to be and I think viewed as premium positions. I don't think that's that one says it was and say 2000 and 2005 or even 2010. If you let that the title team from 10 years ago now, so I just wanted to bring that up and see what everybody thought because I have some thoughts on it, but I do think it's definitely changing. It's going to continue to change. All right. Well, so there you have it to the changing value of positions as seen by teams based on how they spend and draft. And how it's different than it was even heck. I mean even at this point maybe even five years ago, but definitely 10 15 20 years ago and Jacob I want to bring you in first here because you kind of you wrote something similar to this on a certain position running back being one of them specifically about Aaron Jones and whether or not the Packers should pay Aaron Jones, so just looking at the value of running back that certainly Seems to be one of the positions that has changed over the years. So Jacob just kind of take us a little bit into that running back position where you value it and where you think the Packers should currently value. It don't value. It is kind of weird that I think it's the least important position other than maybe inside linebacker which oddly enough our two positions if we had done this show. Pre Eddie Lacy those are positions that every Packers Fan was clamoring for them to fix. So six seven eight years ago whenever Eddie was a officially drafted but my thought going into the the piece that I wrote was essentially that a new contract for Aaron Jones to me assuming normal rising of the cap is a bad idea. And the reason for that is First and foremost every team in recent memory that is given out a big contract has regretted it within two years to a running back the examples. I gave were David Johnson Todd Gurley and Devonta Freeman. All three of those guys have been rumored to either be on the trading block or The Chopping Block depending on the cap situation of that contract David Johnson is essentially untradable because of the Dead cap that would come with getting rid of them for the Cardinals to get out of that contract. They would essentially have to do I'm sure you guys remember. I believe it was the Texans traded a second-round pick with Brock Osweiler to get out of that deal basically kind of treated it like an NBA trade where you give up an asset to get rid of a crappy contract and my thought on that is yes. Aaron Jones was a great player last year and a lot of people probably think he is an absolute 100% must sign type of player. But so were these guys at the time of their contracts and I'd be willing to bet you that next year around this time. We'll be hearing Whispers out of Dallas about Zeke Elliott as well a contract that was a disaster when they handed it out quite frankly, but my thought on Jones being Aaron Jones is Almost the perfect example for why you don't pay Aaron Jones when the Packers went into that draft Ty Montgomery was their starting running back and a lot of people thought that Eddie Lacy was going to come back on a cheap contract than any kind of surprised. All of well, I guess I can't say all of us, but I was definitely surprised to find out that he was going to see at I didn't think that Green Bay would let him go out the door, especially if it was going to be for it turned out to be three million bucks with that in mind that tells me the Packers didn't value him very highly either but nonetheless they picked three running backs in that year's draft Jamaal Williams, Aaron Jones and Devonte maze. Aaron Jones is a star Jamal Williams is a very useful player. That's kind of the proof of where you can just find those guys. Those were premium picks. Those weren't High picks. All of those pics are outside of the top. Aaron Jones was picked. Like I said in the fifth round. That's not uncommon. You see guys like Phillip Lindsay. He was an undrafted free agent. He won the rushing title a year ago that you can find running backs anywhere and that is especially true in this system that Matt look for is trying to run very similar to the one that Kyle Shanahan's running that just had an undrafted cut 75 time Rahim most hurt be the team's most productive runner on its way to the Super Bowl. So I know that you know kind of to Jay's point that he was talking about About earlier. Somebody said to me immediately after you know, I said don't pay are and Joan. Somebody said well, yeah the Colts didn't think Marshall Faulk was worth his contract either. Well a couple different things one Marshall Fox a Hall of Famer and I love Aaron Jones. But Aaron Jones is not a Hall of Famer at this point. Maybe he could be but he's definitely not right now and to that trade was made in 1999. So that was a really long time ago in the game was played a lot differently than it is now. So that's kind of my thought process. I I'm pretty firm on it. I know a lot of people don't like it. I've had a lot of people say that Aaron Jones is a player that they quote half the sign. I just don't think so. And I think if you look at Aaron Jones, that's kind of the reason why well and you know Jacob that that hurts me just a little bit because you know how much I love Aaron Jones but the reality is is you know, the game has changed, you know, Aaron Jones 20 years ago probably would have been a very highly paid back and would have been kept around a lot longer, but that It's just not the reality the NFL anymore Maggie, you know, one of the things that I think of when we talk about this is you know, Brett Favre was the first quarterback in NFL history to have a hundred million dollar contract. And now that seems like if you could get away with just paying, you know a quarterback of that Talent a hundred million dollars, you take that every day of the week. So talk a little bit about the change in position as far as The cap is concerned the quarterback position has always been deemed relatively important for obvious reasons, but why so much emphasis now on it almost seems like if you don't have a quarterback now in the NFL you can't win whereas 20 years ago. If you didn't have a quarterback out was still tough, but it didn't spell Doom for your team. And I even think of certain teams like the 2000 Ravens who had you know a Great defense and I can't for the life of me think of the name of the quarterback right now, but yet got to a Super Bowl in one. Even the Bears Jake not Jay Cutler Rex Grossman made a Super Bowl, you know as weird as that is to think but players like that now more than likely wouldn't make a Super Bowl. So what is it about the game that's changed that really makes it that you need to have a quarterback. I don't know if the game has changed because I think that the quarterback will Always be the most vital position in football, you know, because they're touching the ball on every single play but I think that the way that you can build your team with the cap space is what's so important here. I mean, if you look at a lot of the teams that have had recent success, you know, the Rams went to the Super Bowl and Jared Goff was on his rookie contract and then they had to pay him big money and then they didn't get back to the playoffs. So I think there's like the sense of urgency when you have a rookie quarterback because You're able to spend so much of your cap on additional talent and the Rams did that where they bolstered their entire defense, you know, they gave Aaron Donald big money. They were bringing in free agents left and right and they're still somehow trying to do that with, you know, obsolete cab space but it's like the Bears to they went after Khalil Mac while Mitchell true bisque. He's on a rookie contract. And then when these teams are now forced to consider giving a quarterback big money, they don't necessarily have the money that they're able to invest on a I'm talent because so much of their roster is built around other positions and I think to Jay's point, I guess something that I would add to that is that I think just kind of the way the NFL looks in general is so radically different. I think that before you had your starting eleven on offense and you're starting eleven on defense and even in the last five or so years, it's been we have players. It's a chess match will plug them in as we see fit. We need freak athletes who can come in and on certain downs and make plays and that's why I think the cap space is is so astronomical now because you're forced to pay guys that have to fill very different roles. So like inside linebacker like Jacob said, you know as much as the Packers even this year will still be looking for an every down guy. Which they had like Martinez was Van a Jayhawk the goal. Now, I think for them. I mean there's so many sub-packages and my patents defense that to think that they need somebody like like Martinez in the middle of the field. I don't know how realistic that necessarily is. When you think of all the you know, the hybrid box safeties that can drop in, you know, the different packages that Mike Pettine utilizes with his front seven. So I guess my position example would have been inside linebacker and kind of how that's changed. From being like an every down Thumper to maybe like, you know a coverage linebacker or a run stuffing linebacker, but I think the quarterback position by Nature will always be the most important position in football. It's just kind of depending on where your franchises at. Can you invest the big money and like an Aaron Rodgers contract or a Kirk Cousins contract, even or are you going to kind of push all your chips onto a rookie quarterback and instead build Around The Supporting Cast because no team is really we able to do both effectively. All right. Well Jay want to bring you in now. This is your question. So how have you seen it change over the last 10 15 20 years and why do you think some of that changes come about? Well, I think if you really want to go down to the foundation of it, I think it's become more of a nigga's may get with it too. And I look at someone like a Belichick met him quote famous was we don't have a tailored specific offense. We just make a new gameplay week. Learning to do that you have to have multiple pieces as McCarthy used to say we have to be multiple. I think what that did started to started to place a premium on positions that could be inherently multiple and just look at what Green Bay has been trying to do what they did in safety last year invest in the first round pick traded up for it. What a pretty big relatively big free agent contract into Amos now to be fair safety was a disaster before that for years because I think that was sort of the old way of thinking about safety. I mean 10 years ago. They were last day to use that were chosen higher-paid that high. I'll accept with the real elite elite guy because what they did is they roamed around and while you had one guy who roamed around the middle center field try to pick things off another value blitzed and that was it. You know your butler Eugene Robinson pairing. Another one is in Green Bay have it as well yet or at least succeeded by 10. I mean someone like Zach ertz for instance or Kettle Hill is going to make an enormous money and when he's done with this deal is up. Yeah, and I don't know if that were to happen 10 or 15 years ago. Yeah, if you look at the contracts and I know you have to put it in present tense the present value whatever you wanna call it Tamara Keith Jackson. Neither one of them had huge contracts. I mean there were big they were fine, but they're not what kills going to get and then you know, the reason is those guys create matching problems. They allow you to have more of an elasticity in your game planning from week to week you guys out wide you can have them block you can put them in the back field. But the safeties you can do the same thing. You can play in the linebacker. You can put them in center field. You can have them cover the slide you can have tight end or a running back that it catches pastors. And that kind of thing. It can do a lot of things safety is something is a position. I know we talked about running or you talked about running back and I agree with Jacob one that I think has come up in value in to hang on to their good kickers kind of like a Mason Crosby then they used to those guys used to be in and out the door every year nobody care and now I think because there's so much parity couple kicks American be Interesting to play Austin on playoffs, you know Crosby nobody flinched when you got four million dollars a year, you know, even 10 years ago money. I think people have fallen off their chair if they had read that so my long left when he did the remark, ok, lol big money or people like that. So I think that's where we're starting to see value come up and start positions and to Maggie's Point. I've been wondering about this too in terms of where it might change next specifically quarterbacks. Is it just going to be the standard Norm five years from now to go ahead and pay your quarterback. Even if it's an Aaron Rodgers or a Russell Wilson or whatever percent of your cat and then just try to fill in around that or are you going to have teams maybe and it was a little wild have a stable young guys wherever half eat that 35 40 50 million dollar contract a year because you know, look at what happened to Seattle when they had to pay Wilson. I mean, look, what's your point? Look what happened to the ranch when they had to pick off who really isn't a big deal. Rapid you gotta pay em, that way wonder if quarterbacks not going to be devalued per se but if you're going to have sort of a split between teams that aren't going to pay, you know, whatever reason top dollar for a quarterback and teams that will because if you look at the last few years a lot of quarterbacks on rookie contracts me win Super Bowls or you know, like an outlier like the eagles where they had a diner with you contract, but you got hurt and it was a not a big money back up that came in so, you know while guy gets hurt hurt we all see what happens. It's the whole but if you've got a good team around him, I just wonder if more teams are going to move towards that model. Well, it'll be interesting to see nonetheless how the game continues to evolve and it's evolved over its hundred-year history. It's just a matter of how it evolves and what direction and I'm sure it'll evolve again in the next 10-15 years might even be shorter than that. So it'll something be something to keep an eye on it's definitely an interesting topic as a whole looking at past. To present and moving to the Future what teams value what they put value on where they're willing to spend money where they're willing to go cheap on and you know, it's something that's just its fluid and it's ever changing and you know, just kind of like the quarterbacks in the last 10 years. We thought these contracts were outrageous and now they're normal and I'm sure that at some point it's going to change to another position that they're getting paid enormous amounts of money will think it's will think it's absurd and then five years. In it'll just be normal and that's how it'll be. So we'll real quick guys. I want to get all three of your real quick takes here before we wrap up. I'd mention at the beginning of the podcast. That sounds like Jimmy Graham's not going to be back again. I'm sure everybody's got some feelings on it. But J. I'll start with you Jimmy Graham not coming back. Next year means what to you Very little based pretty much on what they were paying him if he was a 3-4 million dollar-a-year guy. I think they should have them back. So I don't think he played that badly. He just was wildly overpaid, you know, the search continues since two more in Jackson and for maybe a flash in the pan couple of years of family before he got hurt and they had any kind of game breaking tight end know so and he wasn't that. All right. Well Maggie to you Jimmy Graham not and I'll put this out here because Know the answer. There is a Twitter poll. That was put up that who would you rather have 33 year-old Jimmy Graham or 2015 Richard Rodgers. If any of you know, Maggie, you know the answer automatically but Jimmy Graham not coming back. Next year means what to you Maggie. I think Jay said it best. I think it means that the Packers are still searching and I think you know going to Robert Tanya Naz tight end to is maybe it's fine, but it's probably not their best option. You know, they Ride Martellus Bennett, they've they tried Jared Cook they've had so many different attempts at fulfilling this tight end position. Like Jay said, they just haven't had someone consistent and this is going to sound like a Richard Rodgers Stan and I totally get it but he was at least a consistent player for the team. Andrew Carlos was a consistent player over a couple seasons and hopefully the Packers have that and Jay Stern Burger maybe if they go landing. I like Austin Hooper. There's your tight end Duo for the future as Brand-new Jay Stern Burger, but I think that that's kind of what they're missing the same way that the Packers, you know have Davante Adams is a staple of the offense, you know in the receiving game. They need a tight end who can be a staple in that room and they're just kind of grasping at straws and as much as I love Jimmy Graham, you know as a locker room guy and as much as I really actually I would love to see marcedes Lewis come back for a year or two. I think that that's kind of what's missing is just this team has consistently been Searching for a tight end and I hope the Jay Stern Burger is that guy but we don't have enough to go off up to even guess at whether or not that would be the case. All right, and lastly Jacob Jimmy Graham. Not with Green Bay. Next year means what to you Yeah, it's unfortunate that it worked out the way that it did Jimmy Graham somebody that I've long admired from his days in New Orleans probably because I had them on a couple of my fantasy teams and he lit it up. But in general I always like I like athletic move tight ends. You guys will see in the cheesehead TV draft guide the past couple years the guys that I have valued. The reason I had no a fan rated above TJ Hawkinson last year, which was a relatively controversial opinion. Was because I thought that was more Dynamic with the ball in his hands. Now that remains to be seen if that's going to end up being the case. Jimmy was like the ultimate of that guy Rob Gronkowski. Obviously awesome. But Jimmy at his Peak was a more Dynamic player from the receiving end Rob Gronkowski's one of the greatest tight ends ever if not the because he's so good all around at everything. He can probably play offensive tackle if you asked him to at some points in his career. Anywho the point I'm getting at Is you know, I think that the reason Jimmy Graham catches so much hate one. Jay mentioned his salary that's not his fault. And I'm not saying that Jace was saying that it was but that's not his fault that he was given that contract. That's the market value and he was able to get a good contract like that good for him. The other thing is the move that happened right afterwards. Was that Green Bay sign Jimmy Graham and release Jordy Nelson within a matter of minutes. And even though those two moves aren't connected. That's what Looks like and there are a lot of people jordi's a fan favorite deservedly. So Packers Hall of Famer and Jimmy Graham is neither one of those things but I kind of said earlier that I don't hold a vendetta against him. He played. Okay, like Jay said if he was a three to four million dollar player, we'd probably be saying what a good value we're getting out of Jimmy Graham, but he's not it's time to move on because one maybe they're pursuing Austin Hooper, even if they're not it's time to get the keys into some younger. Players hands the Packers have just had some I know that people are going to say that the Packers have continued to try and fail at the tight end position. But I mean Ding-A-Ling McGee, which is Jason peron's affectionate nickname for Martellus Bennett. Nobody could have foreseen that coming and before that Jared Cook, I think his contributions tend to get a little overrated because it was just over half a season, but he was a pretty good player for that half season with Green Bay Jimmy grandma. Jesse didn't work out but I really like Jay Stern Burger. I like his potential if they compare him with Austin hoop for that's awesome. I think that's a bonus but not really a necessity if that makes any sense, but certainly a welcome addition if that's something we're talking to you, but I wish to me well unless he ends up in Chicago Minnesota Seattle Dallas or with wherever Tom Brady plays. All right, so there's a handful of exceptions here to Jake as always with Jacob so well, so that's all the time. We have for today Jay. Thank you so much for taking the time out of your day to join us for this recording. We really appreciate the time. We appreciate the topic as well. Very interesting, especially for this time of year. It is a very interesting topic to discuss leading into free agency and leading into the draft especially with you know, it being so important these days how it is changed, you know from even five ten years ago. So great topic. Thank you for joining us J. We really appreciate it. And for all of you Packer fans out there. Into the podcast. Once again, we thank you for all of your support. Especially sticking with us through this time of well, we're still what well, I guess free agencies what like two weeks away. Is that right to week two weeks from today as we record in the draft is 50 days from today. I saw all right. So yeah, we're getting two more. Well, I guess the free agency thing is all dependent on what Green Bay does but regardless of what they do will definitely have something to talk about it. Will either be the new additions or it'll be the lack of new additions to the team? So stay tuned for that? We've got so much great coverage Coming Up Again One Last Time Jay. Thank you for the topic. Thank you for taking the time to join us. We really appreciate your thoughts your insights as well. So with that thank you so much for listening everyone. And as always go pack go.