This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local range what did property and they were allowed to bring friends my brother and I love paintball. So we gear up and head out eager to play with the new group. So there I was a small 13 year old little girl dressed in my brothers old ROTC camo and a group of 20 plus 17 to 19 year old boys all ready to shoot the crap out of each other and much shooting was had the first few rounds went well enough. Everyone was playing nice smiling shouting and having a great time most of the recruits and their friends didn't even bat an eye at me being there except for one guy. After a while I started getting tagged out super early. I was shot immediately after the game started at least once from the same guy every time I told my brother after this happened at the third or fourth time he suspected I was being trailed when we dispersed at the round start and getting picked off as an easy target by this guy. He also noticed that both me and the guy favor going to the left side of the arena and that the guy would come Out of the match unmarked but also with no one but me as a kill so he was taking me out and then hiding you coward. So he hatched a plan at the start of the next round my brother and I both booked it straight through the woods to the very back of the play area. Then he broke right and I broke left and circled around the outskirts while my brother started raising as much a hell on the other side as possible. After a bit of sneaking around I found the guy crouched in hiding behind a plywood shelter as far away from the action on the other side of the woods as possible. I got right up on him and lit up his whole back and told him not to move or I'd keep shooting he tried to turn and stand I lit him up again and repeated the order you stayed in an awkward Crouch for the next 15 minutes saying nothing after and Vishal are you crazy? And we just stared at each other as I held him at gunpoint the end of the match was finally called out. I let him skip her off before heading up to the entrance. You left me alone the rest of the afternoon and I was able to resume actually playing the game with everyone else instead of getting knocked out almost before the game even started all in all a fun time. Also, it just occurred to me while typing this out that he never Order me to the ref for breaking the rules either because I was allowed to keep playing and he was never even pulled aside or given a warning guess he realized he deserved it. No way. He was going to go running to the refs to report a 13 year old girl. He never live that down with the rest of the guys his age, you know held up with a truly embarrassing nickname that followed him his entire military career well done. I remember a similar story similar and that there was a one jackass and one younger girl playing the difference that a hole was my no longer friend. I hadn't seen in years and the girl was my sister. We were 16 or 17 and my sister was barely 13 He shit talked about how I took ROTC and I am a badass. We play paintball real military style, etc, etc. And the years since I had Odom dude turn into a real douche and since we all rode together and my sister was excitedly talking about how bad as she might be. He decided to try and knock her down a peg before we even got there cut the later half of our day moving from the woods to the speedball area. The uninitiated is a smaller court with inflatable blocks barriers and AstroTurf. He picked up even harder with a oh now we are really playing. Right blah blah blah my sister called him out for being the ass. He was and he started up saying essentially 1v1 me bruh. This being a public Paintball Park and us not being the only patrons that was not an option until it happens. Everyone was hit on both teams, except myself and my sister versus asshat of a friend and a rando. I tried to cover my sister moving up with a rando got me. My sister fire quick return shot to avenge me. So is just the a whole versus my sister the moment he had been bragging about as we all watched my sister duct and Dove looking for him at an angle all the while. He he did nothing. Literally cowered behind a single low wall didn't pop his head out move or shoot at all after a while my sister caught on that. He wasn't moving. So she walked slowly around his field of vision right behind him that single shot was the most satisfying shot. She had all day and the whole car ride back. We let him have a taste of his own medicine complete with my sister. Quoting him while pantomiming his cowering form and those final moments and that's going to wrap up. Today's post. Do you guys have any paintball stories? You'd like to share our other stories of older siblings teasing on Friends younger siblings. I would love to hear these in the comments below. If you liked the video leave a like or a comment it always helps us out a lot. And if you'd like to hear more and see more posts from our / Petty revenge and other subreddits when they come out on the challenge, No, please subscribe. Also, if you have a favorite sub read that you would like us to read but in the comments below and we'll check it out. As always. Thank you so much for watching and for listening. Enjoying the podcast and easy and effective way to support us is to Simply subscribe to our YouTube channel. You can find us at youtube.com slash Reddit readers or click the link in the description box below. It would mean so much to us as always. Thank you for listening.