Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out. It's going to beGreat. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how it goes. I mean, that's what's pretty great about it because everyone has to start somewhere. And with that shoot the shit will now become a series as of many various topics such as gaming who these business you name it or pretty much evolving this podcast a little bit more. So I look forward to this journey with all of y'all and enjoy the rest of the episode and go ahead and contact me if you guys want to get on the show and talk about your success in what you do. I appreciate you. This is shoot the shit podcast and we're here to talk about Final Fantasy 7 remake. I am here with Joey. Oh, and I'm here with Joseph. Hello there really formal, but they'll loosen up so obviously talking about the game and kind of like when I got notice this happened It's Kind of a Funny Story. We were basically out my dogs But they bark. It's Kind of a Funny Story because I got out of work at around 2:00 in the morning and I was on Facebook and I was just like holy shit it's here and I have regionally was just not happy with Square Enix because Kingdom Hearts 3 that was such a letdown. I don't know if you guys could attest to that but it was pretty awful Joseph. Probably Chris. Oh, yeah, you can have you don't. You haven't played don't even know I have. All right. I hope I didn't kill the hot for you then because it's so well probably eventually still play. I just haven't gotten around to it. It's I mean, I'll let you will talk about that later, I guess but so anyway, I lost faith in them. And I saw the Facebook post and I was just like dude. It's 2:00 in the morning. Fuck it, and I literally hop on a PlayStation. I download it within like 10 minutes because of fucking AT&T fiber line, and I was just like nah, she go to bed. And I'm like now who the fuck am I kidding? I got to play this shit. So obviously after them making their PAX East kind of conclusion. It looks like they just decided to drop the demo after all even though there was a lot of data mining in the video or in the demo itself. I'm sorry which sucks because it's actually the spoilers all over the place. So if you guys go on read it and don't want to spoil it in a sense about like what's to come? I wouldn't do that and I'll find you. You don't know about that. No, I don't know dude. It sucks because like that's part of the reason I think the Last of Us Part 2 because they are questioning to release a demo for some reason which I personally don't agree with I mean, there's something about teasing that game that just would make me mad because I play and I'd be like I want more and then I got this because like Final Fantasy we were Eddie like kind of know what's gonna happen. So so yeah, I mean, this is such a yeah, it's such a Mainstay like stable in like culture now to I mean like it is Final Fantasy 7. I mean most people that play Final Fantasy know seven eight ten, right and probably the first three realistically or the first four maybe but obviously like what was cool, I guess for the most running dive into this a lot. Work you're right people would know but apparently there's actually some crazy stuff they added to the game and we'll talk about it here in a minute, but I'm ready. Someone very dear made it very apparent that that happens, which is a shame because it's so legit for the most part but dang. It sounds so cool. This is I'm stoked man. I was like fucking okay. Well now like definitely like one through ten like my first impression of this game, you know, it's definitely honestly at and it's hard for me to say this because I'm pretty critical about shit right now, especially for something that I care about this game took about four me about three to four years to pass and I spent if I recall when I was like 14 15, it was like my our count is like a hundred and sixty hours some bullshit. Like that and it was pretty pretty ridiculous. But you know, I'm actually going to give it right now in this moment. It's a 10, you know, I'm actually really excited on where it goes, you know, a ten is really where I firmly believe this game is going part of the reason for that is like I feel like if you play the first one it's almost like you're reading a book. And then like you play this new modern take on it and it's like the Cinematic version to it. Yeah sense and it's it's one not only beautiful but I like there's so much stuff that I'm excited to see and obviously we're going to dig into that like definitely my rating right now is definitely a 10 Joey. What do you think about it? How do you feel about it? Well personally I do not have much experience with Final Fantasy 7 light first time I ever played it was back on the PlayStation 3 when they released it there and I only got up to the first boss and that was like it and but visually watching because I was watching a walk through recently. The graphics are fantastic like and the way the cutscenes transition into the gameplay is like it's butter. Yeah, so visually I think it's pretty so I think I want you to you know, enlighten me more on gameplay because I believe that's probably the most important thing and why you allow the gameplay to be a 10 out of 10 as well. You know, that's a good question and I guess we'll touch base as we kind of go through our topics. Yeah, because one thing was when I was watching the gameplay looks real different. It looks really different like modern Final Fantasy game play. Yeah, it's it's definitely interesting. But what will totally touch base on that again, but that's a great question. I actually really have the accept that and what will definitely tackle that but so so for now just to be clear you don't have an impressions Until where I guess done going over again. Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. Okay, that's cool. All right, Joseph. What do you think ten out of ten? It's beautiful looks amazingly. I like it. It just sounds amazing. It's gorgeous. Ladies. I mean dude, I'm psyched the soundtrack. There's so much relief honestly playing this demo because I mean the last time they released a demo was Final Fantasy 15 and if I could reflect on that just a minute man. It was cool. I mean they had a different concept going as far as throw five minutes to 15. What's crazy is that the devil's different from the game like not even the same. Yeah, you could tell they got a lot of feedback and provide, you know, we need to change some shit. So like I don't know I'm curious because I mean I haven't heard a whole lot of negative feedback on this yet. I mean, I feel like I need to look it up, but I haven't heard a lot of negative stuff. And excuse me, you know, I feel like that demo and itself was like interesting. I mean he caught my attention, but honestly, I didn't care for 15 when I actually played the game singer the fact that debt the demo Here makes me really excited. Yeah, and to call it a 10 out of 10 game. It's going to be really cool. But but since since I guess we have our consensus for now, let's talk about the environment and like what what do you guys think about like the opening sequence so that game like or to the demo and like right? That's just no no, Remember folks my eyes. They only see in 1080P and even then it looks beautiful. That was that shocked me. It's just like what well, right, in other words my eyes kind of suck. So and I still like I can still see it like it's something special. Yeah, I get you because usually like if I see a high resolution image next to a low one if I see him from a distance, they look the same but like but these two games is night and day. It's freaking gorgeous. Here I come. It's true. I mean like yeah. Yeah. No. No, I know. I totally agree. I mean I know obviously it's beautiful but like I mean they what's cool is that they didn't fuck with it. Like, you know, I know I know that the same like, I hope I know as they move along, you know, they're expanding the universe and you know that we're going to be able to do more in midgar compared to the original game, but like that's right. Okay sequence original game you I'd do a lot and I just imagine how much he could do even now like what the heck it's crazy. Yeah, right. That's what I'm thinking like like the fact that they pretty much to the T did the demo that opening movie pretty much success the same except I don't recall Eros getting bumped into in the first one. I want to see she just blocked I think about it. That's probably the only subtle That made a whole lot of sense for her character though. And yeah, you know, I think when they shot that police they used a lot of so much like cinematography from like the basic game. Yeah, and like it just looks so good just dressed up all over again because I was just so excited the minute you see the train like they zoom out. You see all of my know you see every sector and then it cuts Lorraine and I'm like Mycology and clouds coming like holy shit. Dude, it was legit and likely there's a lot to the look of the game that they stuck true to it. And though like I feel like the levels are more condensed. The detail of the math itself is Almost accurate I feel because like I mean when you're looking at like a kind of like a 2d platformer. Be made into a 3D World, you know, you kind of think about like, oh man, what does that corner of the wall look like you know what? I mean? That's exactly and and and you know, when I saw this world it felt like that's exactly what they were doing kind of like would resonate will to you know, when we talk about that game that different angles they now had to create because the way you're playing that game it feels like they're doing the same with this and I think that's a good example of what they did with the level. Sign because I mean as far as like what was y'all's favorite I guess segment or like part of the map. You would say that you enjoyed the most to look at and probably keep looking. hmm That's an interesting dilemma. What was that from the demo? Yeah, obviously from the demo. Yeah, it is right. I mean like You know, I'd lie not for me. Like I would definitely say it's that shot of the them going into the Mako reactor. What's that noise? What was it? What was that the ads? I'm going into the Mako reactor that one shot where you know, you leave wedge and it's Biggs just Barrett and cloud and they're like, hey hurry up and then they're going in and you just see the shot and the Mako reactor and what about work? Going to go into here. I thought that look fucking cool. That shot was phenomenal and itself it look really good. What was yours Joseph? I mean, I love seeing the whole city like film. You know, I can name that one shot when they just pan out look at those cities, like what it's actually like, you know real like I don't know. This is so awesome. MC to see it in the new graphics like oh how old were you when you played this all me because I never played part 7 so it's crazy that I saw the movie for parts of it. Like when it came out in 2005. I don't understand anything because it's supposed to take place afterwards. This is so you can talk about children. I haven't told ya so wait you haven't Played Seven I did I did I did but that like I watch that first, right and I was like what like six or seven that understanding and then whenever I was like 9 or 10, I got Crisis Core for the PSP. And so I played that one and then I don't I was like 16. I played like that. That's crazy. You play it at such a like in a sense like you're much more mature when you played it because yeah like this game probably when I was 11 or 12, I think. Oh, wow. Yeah, because yeah, if I recall that's when I started playing it and at first I think it was actually my first RPG game. I know is I had just gotten my PS1 and this was the small one. The one that was like a circular rectangle and it we went to muffled was like Walmart back in the day or probably Walmart. I mean I live in Eagle Pass for Christmas. So I'm sure it was a the Walmart that was in the mall the one part that was in the mall. So it was so weird. We had a Walmart in the mall. And yeah, dude, that's that's Eagle Pass for you. The yes and I remember walking through and he was a greatest hit at the time. So they already been out for I guess an x amount of time and I was just like forward it was at Fort know this 3-disc gives three discs on PlayStation and I was like this came about and I think in the back all I remember was seen at the time it was I think red was on the back cover and like just pictures of like they've got her. Honestly that iconic front cover and I was just like I don't know what this is, but fuck it. Like I'm dead dad. I want this one. And you know, he looks at me he's like, what is this and I'm alone so I get it and it was just life changing in a sense because that shit was the bomb and then again like a hundred like what I say earlier hundred forty hundred sixty hours - it was Wild band and it's crazy to see how far they bridge the gap and And the imagination I'm sure it took to make that it's pretty insane for sure. But let's talk about gameplay. Now. What are your thoughts Joseph on the gameplay so far? It's very interesting. It's more like Final Fantasy 15. It's more like automatic and stuff if you play like the normal mode for the evening mode. Because I never haven't tried to Classic so I don't know if that's different how that's different. But you played it on easy or normal know I put in on them. Interesting. Well, I got a different impression of it to be honest with you if you think 15, but but but probably a little bit more involved, but it's more like 15. Now that yeah, that makes sense. I mean for me like I felt like whatever they did with Kingdom Hearts. Say it's because they have you. Thank you. That's interesting. Okay. Well, it literally feels like they got Kingdom Hearts mechanics and they put it together with Final Fantasy 15. That's that's what I get from it because my gu could button mesh like you can and what it's like Like eventually find out you can't just do that, right? Because what was interesting about the gameplay is when they introduce Barrett. Yeah, I was pretty cool. Right it was fucking amazing. Um, but yeah, so he comes you play as Cloud right obviously as a sword and you know, typically, you know, you could just hit Square as much as you want. Hold it down, excuse me, and you know had a lot of fucking cool moves right and but then when you go to Barrett his moveset is entirely different like the way you play Pam is that you actually hold down squared and shooting his get them done and he's obviously slower as a character but he has different commands which is like again Kingdom Hearts where you would you know, activate the command menu. She's what they do and controlling them simultaneously was probably the hardest thing for me because right I mean mind you I put this at two in the morning, so I'm sure my bread wasn't exactly function. I was just fucking button action. But it was interesting because eventually like, you know, you're fighting the easy characters and then it eventually builds up to harder characters and you know the dog when you first meet the dog thing that right it was actually much harder than I anticipated because it was still fucking me up in certain ways and then I got to the boss and the boss is that giant scorpion spider. Look at that scorpion guy. How it and never ends. It doesn't want it technically does like you technically that's right. You haven't finished the demo. I just got to that point. Yeah, so you write the Scorpion thing dude, and it was hard. I think that was something that I enjoyed about it the most that is that mean if that's what's so cool about I think five has is that the bosses are always like difficult the like, you know, because you have to do that use some strategy, you know, depending on what boss it is. You have to like, you know, use more of this like or more magic or they like that and blah blah blah. Like that's what I love about Final Fantasy is like the bosses are always challenging in their own ways. Awesome. Yeah in like what's crazy like if you think of like the fight in the old-school one, obviously, very turn-based and you know, there's even a is even a trick where okay if he has a stable of don't hit it and you know, This one you don't get that option. You have to hide behind the like a barrier at some point because if they don't get it then then I'll hit you with the laser any you know, you could die. But he also has like a completely diverse mousette that I couldn't really pinpoint because I was just like okay he's gonna swing now and he doesn't and I'm just like, oh shit like the fuck and then like, I'm trying to Button Mash with both bear it and cloud and then also use their abilities and their cheer their potions. and I was like I almost died like Or times at least until I actually be him it took about like I would say it took close to light almost seven eight minutes, maybe ten. I don't know I felt long and but it was difficult and like it shows like the game eventually you have to use strategy as far as like how to use them simultaneously and you know, I know I'm going to play through it probably once or twice more just so I could understand how to do. Before the actual game comes up because you because I mean the fact that you could flick simultaneously so easily to was a blast, you know at one point I would you call it. I would some point basically be fighting right and then a long-range weapon would come out and do a few things look rock my shit. I couldn't but it was fun. But yeah, good game players like it's Unique and it's different it is it is it's not like about it. Like it feels it still feels fresh even with the gameplay and it's funny because like it's not just Graphics but gameplay. It's like that's awesome so they can awesome. Yeah, I mean, it's pretty stellar. I mean like and you know the rumor is that like they're just going to do midgar for the source game. So realistically you're going to get to play as Five people in this game. So you'll play as Cloud Barrett Tifa Eros and red. And so because I get pretty much if I recall it's only them five in midgar and then you get yuffie out on the Plains and then you get Vincent's in forgot. What fucking step for US city or some shit and then sit in his hometown. So that should be entirely different and fun considering how to play. But yeah, I did this pretty stellar. What do you think Joe? You've been kind of quiet? I mean obviously, you know, you're hearing us and just kind of asking for that feedback. I think it's best for me to absorb more information so I can get a better understanding. So I think I'm just going to keep listening to y'all and watching the gameplay because I'm watching footage right now so I can understand it better, you know, but have you seen any of the fight scene 2? Yeah, I've seen one. I guess you'll really see it. Like when you get to the boss battle because that's probably the longest segment realistically and it's fun and it's definitely different and I feel like I'm going to be pissed at this game what I die because that's another thing like if we're going to talk about like health bar. You get hurt pretty easily. Yeah. It was kind of like the old well, no it wasn't that kind of thing. I mean, I guess if you look at like the scale of thing, so it showed like like obviously you'd started with like 200 300 health and you know, they hate you they hate you 20 points or whatever but like the dog thing instantly takes off like 50 when I try to evade him like I was even guarding or anything and it just seems like it's a lot of general and I don't know if I'm glad it's not as easy. Because if it would feel like Kingdom Hearts 3 and I'm Gonna Keep referring to Kingdom Hearts 3. So this is okay not to do. Yeah, because I mean it was so easy. I mean we're playing on Proud Mode and you know, you could barely die. I mean like it's very frustrating because Proud Mode used to be such a Fucking like, you know, you know, you're proud that you beat this shit and now it's just like it's just pathetic. So I'm glad like for now as far as I could see difficulty, you know is actually there especially since you're playing it in both real time. And in a sense turns to turn based depending on how you decide to use your abilities and and spells with your team because that's a couple things they didn't touch on yet that I'm ready to see how they expand on like obviously different weapons, you know different spells Materia system kind of going into that realm because here I mean that everything is preset us for our spells. Like for some reason Cloud only has fire while Barrett has here and lightning I believe that's what it was the like mind you like. I'm curious at how much like the characters at some point. It'll handle like how many Almonds, are they going to have how many how much material can they had to goes to the old school way of based on your equipment? That's how much material your character has. It's really interesting actually like so mysterious. Yeah, dude, so I'm curious it like when that's all going to become a huge factor into the game because that is probably what's going to either make or break you I feel because you're obviously going to have different builds for these characters at some So definitely something I'm long-term invested in at this point. It's gonna be dope for sure. So I think the next thing I want to talk about is the dialogue. Okay, so Joseph, obviously you've played the game. How did how did you feel about the dialogue at first? I had some mixed feelings, but I had to Like I want to see some of it just a little bit might beat some of it the same from the original but it's funny whenever they actually say it out loud. Some of the dialogue is a little bit like, you know, like Not like exactly cheesy the kind of like, you know, like okay. I've heard it before kind of generic. There you go, you know very generic some of it not what I mean? Cause like if you think back on the original, right they use the same fucking right? Yeah, but it's when they say it they perform its it comes out a little funny. Like I think that's what's great about the situation because I mentioned it earlier like this game almost feels like I read the book which was the original right and now I'm watching the movie right and and you know, I think back on that scenario because it almost felt like the dialogue felt really rushed like yeah throughout the whole thing, but then I'm thinking about this this fucking like the sequence in the first game and dude. It was just literally them trying to haul ass the entire. I'm but when you think about it, you're there reading the thing and at the time you you don't really know how to read bunch of that was kind of me, right you were 16. So I'm sure you read it more, you know, this is fluently compared to me. But like, you know, you're they're reading it and you don't realize how they're saying it. So like the minute I heard like more dialogue. I'm like wow clouds a fucking dick. Well, yeah. Yeah, and that's the thing. I remember I was like Hey when he actually says it here like you can hear how he's He just doesn't care about anything. It's really weird. I heard that like same dialogue some of it and the original though. I remember yeah, that's all that's why like a part of me at first was like dude. I don't know how I feel because like this like in our heads like when we read books, obviously, you know, we have our imagination of what this guy sounds like and and then like you hear it on the way, they're interpreting this movie and you're just like oh shit like yeah, that's kind of how that actually went and and he was just a total asshole and then you have Barrett who's like the very like, you know pre Barrett where he's just like that freedom Friday and aggressive and obnoxious and rude and yeah, you know if there's anything about the dialogue that I've enjoyed so far is their chemistry like there's a little bit of chemistry that you see between cloud and bear it when you know, it's Jesse Barrett and cloud and you know, they're going into the reactor and Is about the time you're going to use Barrett. So if I and you know, Jesse's just like like, you know, hey, can you can you you know do it for me or whatever and then oh, yeah, it's very very wasn't for me. Yeah. Yeah because he's like, you know Mom and and then he leaves and then she tells cloud like, you know, just just just bear with him for me, please or something. Yeah. Yeah, and then He just looks at Barrett embarrassed like yeah, bitch and like and then he's like I should have asked for more money. I was just like yeah, that's like that's such a cloud thing to say, you know, especially like, you know the state of cloud in the beginning of the game and I don't know I thought it was actually very well done. You know at first I was just like I don't like this and then I thought about it. I'm like, okay, you know, that's kind of who he was, you know more than anything. Like definitely was this person and you know, very very interested to see where it goes because there's actually a whole lot of dialogue in this whole tire game and I don't know if they're going to execute it as well. You know, like, you know, it's just something to see, you know at this point because I think our imaginations are expectation at this point, you know, I think they will I think I think that a little bit you know, when you first see it, I think what it is that we're going to get used to it and not that that's like, you know, that makes it better but in a sense like when you get used to it, like the little things that you see here and there don't really matter. It's like the overall performance. It's kind of like what's gonna make it, you know, good. Yeah. No, that's true. I mean, I guess I just really hope like, you know, there's a certain story like because I'm playing Came down and it's a story with Barrett after you leave the golden dungeon or the golden saucer at the goal contention of the fuck. It's when they go to the golden saucer and you leave the golden saucer because they think you murdered someone. Are you murdered all those people but it was that friend of his I don't know. If you remember this. I'm in mind you that this was years ago came in the guy are basically him and the guy are fighting because he's like you should have been here and he's like, but I saved your daughter. Basically I'd like, you know kind of going back and forth into the game like this emotional thing where his friend is so angry at him and better because he disappeared and you know, those are the stories that I wonder if they're going to keep in the game to retell because that was actually such a cool part to see Barrett be this caring person because mind you I see you that's why they're expanding upon it, but maybe you're not but I mean, I think that's what I think. Yeah. No, I agree. I mean like as far as like where's where it's going. I mean like my understanding is like they have the blueprint of the game which is you know midgar and then they said they're going to just add to it. So so it's something to think about like, I mean there was a lot of things in the original game. I felt like I didn't get done because I didn't know how to do it. you know, I mean like yeah, everything's in here like like I feel like you needed a strategy guide for yeah, because there's just so much shit to do in that game and like getting all the ultimate weapons getting the Knights of the Round Table summon, you know, and then when you think of midgar like You know, I felt like that whole sequence maybe takes like 10 to 12 hours if you just kind of streamline it and that's the only thing I guess I could be concerned about is the length of game that they actually have right just it being midgar. Hope they're lying to us and in all reality like it's like midgar and then it ends with the Temple of agents and if it ends in this does each end up in my shit. Sugar add, I'll be crazy. And so I don't know man. I'm very I'm very for this game more than ever, but I don't know. I need to know like how much content it's going to have if it can at least get some 20 to 25 hours. I still think it's worth it for the story. But I'd also be kind of disappointed with the lack of content and the fact that I have to wait. Because I don't I don't think they've talked about like a release schedule for you know, the upcoming games and stuff like that. Yeah, so it's something that like I'm very very looking forward to to see what they come from there and you know Cool, fun fact if you didn't know sephiroth, do you know who does the voice acting from him? Oh, yeah, what about several? It's a it's the guy who played Superman and the CW Show. I forgot his name, but he knows who Brandon Routh. Is that his name. Oh my God. Yeah check that one. I don't know his name. Oh, wait, wait. Wait, no no the CW CW right now Cena game. I forgot his name. Yeah, I forgot to look it up real quick because he's a pretty he came out in Teen Wolf also and right I know you talking about. I don't know. I kind of feel weird that I know that he's in Teen Wolf. I do like the original voice actor who survived I kind of feel a little bit weird that they changed it, but oh well. it's a Let me play the game. Yeah, I mean we have to let's see where it goes actually did. I remember wrong come on a red the wants to act but see we're doing guys. So Shiki moriwaki. It's happening. So it might mean according to this it says he still is yeah looks like well man. I must have read the wrong thing. That's for sure. Yeah, apparently he is. interesting well, maybe that's the Japanese voice actor I don't know if it's somewhere. That's an interesting one. That's for sure. Yeah, that's a sure accident. Yeah, definitely all in all I'm stoked for this game. Oh, yeah. He's also yeah, it's the same guiding. It looks like it really Yeah, I just said that he came out in the movie as it children. So very really all okay. He was also the set he was also the sephiroth in Kingdom Hearts. Okay. It was also then I'll try to look for the credit that he was actually in the original game and he's in a lot of shit like this is a lot like a lot of games on TV this game come out Jesus Christ. How can we pass the 90s was like, oh wait duh control test. Anyway, kind of got too deep into that. Yeah, man, I think overall like I'm super stoked for this game more than anything. Yeah, definitely glad I had a chance to play it and you know, I think we got nothing but good things come to us as far as sir. I don't fantasy for sure. II know you don't know too much or maybe you do but I hope they keep the same voice actor for exact which is clouds best friend. Obviously. Well, he doesn't he doesn't really make a been appearance in seven though. But in Christ is corn you played the game click OK see like you would on the size see I know I know Crisis Core, right? Like I know like what happens how it goes, but he doesn't really make an appearance in seven. Cuz yeah, I know I guess what's interesting with seven is like everyone always had this confusion to I'm actually glad I'm bringing this up because this is a good conversation to have and everyone gets confused a Terrace and cloud or thing, right and and it's never been that and you know, I think I realized that because I think I was one of those people who got that confused because they are very at least two what I read it felt like therefore tatius and gravitated towards each other. But you know, it's more like her idolizing Zach. And that's kind of where I think that's what it is. And and it's just how long she can't really forget Zack at this point. Yeah, so so and then obviously like ultimately, you know, Tifa and Cloud, you know are truly going to be the ones that end up together. So I'm kind of interested to see how they build clouds relationship with everyone. Because I mean the whole cross-dressing thing's hilarious and whatever that happens like, you know, it's such a weird like I was 12 when I played this game. So it was like why am I watching this or you know mind you there's like not 8-bit like whatever bit and kind of it was it was just such a such a weird weird thing to witness cross-dressing at the time, especially like considering a culture at the time. Yeah, I'm pretty excited for that goes. What do you call it? But overall Joy. What do you think after kind of hearing what we have to say? Hmm? I can't really think much on it. You know, I think I really need to. Basically get a feel for the old game and just get more experience in Final Fantasy 7 because I'm actually very interested in this right now. I think it's really interesting to watch and Huh? Yeah, but I don't I think I just need to find more understanding in it because I get what y'all is saying, but I suppose if I'm not seeing it go down. Like I don't know what the hell's going on, you know? Yeah. No, I mean, it's true. I mean like there's a lot of Lord there is a lot like like there's so much like I mean like it mind you there was three discs with a concept for it at the time and I mean at first it almost feels like it's hard to follow at a young age, but it really wasn't like, you know, like the bare bones of the story and like almost any game was to almost save the world, you know idea. that's kind of what this game starts with hence the first mission, you know, like they're there to destroy this reactor that's destroying the world and you know, he's a mercenary at the time because he used to be a part of soldier and mind you when you when you first hear of all this when this Fork is mind you Final Fantasy 7 is the first thing that came out of all the discussions we've currently have why because it was final C7 then eventually, they created I believe Advent Children and then Crisis Core. So essentially as far as of War comes out, it's really crisis chorus. The first one Final Fantasy 7 is and then and then as it children and what's crazy is like Advent Children kind of ends. I wouldn't say ends Cloud story, but it kind of circles his ark Because hit really like again like it becomes as part of saving the world in the very beginning but it's also like this coming of age story with cloud and by who he ends up becoming through this journey and it's kind of insane, you know, because like the his Outlook in this game and he like him being a dick is explaining Crisis Core. And you know what, he goes through his seven, you know is entirely like in a sense on his own and it's so interesting then is very very interesting. So I definitely think like I know I'm probably going to string some Final Fantasy 7 pretty soon especially considering how how this is going. I'll definitely hop on there and play that so if you want to catch it, but I'm like out pretty far at this point. But if you want to watch parts of it from there, you totally can it's definitely looks pretty sick. He's just but Joseph, I guess before we wrap this conversation over. You know, what's one thing he want to see I guess out of this game. Like I mean they my time because you know, they're expanding of planets will be my you know, Klute something from Crisis Core. You never know memories or something that I had never know when that's what I want to see. That's fair. That's pretty fairy. I'm actually looking really forward at this point to the sequence with Genova that's got to be interesting and and how they evolve her through the games because I mean obviously, you know the take so many different forms and you know what they plan on doing with her itself is super super interesting. Yeah. Yeah, maybe badass pain. I'm excited. Cool. All right. Well Joey like Final Fantasy 7 or watch it when I'm probably gonna watch one of those long plays of it. You should I mean it's it's not as engaging obviously, but at least you'll get what we did is talking about forever almost an hour. So but yeah, man, I think we're going to call it a night everyone that's here today. Check out my YouTube channel STS gaming that shoot the shit go. I do live stream as well. And we do the exact same thing that we're doing here is talking about shit. We like and what we're passionate about and hang out with this. We're actually a smart clean and it's very fun and entertaining because we get really obnoxious and it's pretty great. But check out the channel check out the podcast and let me know if you want to be a part of this feel free to drop me a link and we could totally shoot the shit. Hide everyone. Good night farewell.