Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There'sRussian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.On Monday, I provided you the letter of Archbishop vigano to Cardinals n as well as the letter vigano was responding to from Cardinal Ray today. I have cardinals ends response and then some analysis afterwards this division were seeing in the church over the issue of the treatment of the church in China is one that will simply not go away. So let's get into this because IsisBack to that as time goes on this will become more important, especially if we consider the issue of Francis has health problems of late and the general situation of the church in China and the church in China desperately needs your prayers. So I present to you the letter of cardinals N2 Cardinal Ray. Mr. Cardinal allow me to use the means of an open letter in order to achieve a more timely communication by indirect way. I have read your letter of 26 February which also has the honor of having inaugurated your high office as the dean of college of cardinals. I admire your courage and venturing into matters that you also recognize to be complex. Thus jeopardizing The Prestige of your newly inaugurated honorable office, but it is known that today. There is a vice Pope Cardinal parolin who manages to give Courage to all the servants in the Holy See. Let us come to the letter one to clarify the vision of John Paul the second and Benedict the 16th with regard to Communism. It is enough to refer you to page as 161 to 162 of the book last conversations. Pope Benedict gave me a copy with the dedication and communion of prayer and thought the question of the journalist Peter Seewald. Did you share an actively support the Pope's ostpolitik John Paul the second and Benedict answered we were talking about it. It was clear that casseroles policy though implemented with the best intentions had failed the new line pursued by John Paul. The second was the fruit of his personal experience of contact with those Powers clearly at the time one could not hope that this regime would soon collapse, but it was clear that instead of being conciliatory and accepting compromises one had to oppose it with Force. This was the basic vision of John Paul II, which I shared to in order to prove he signed. Signed agreement had already been approved by Benedict XVI. It would be enough to show me the sign text which until now I was not allowed to see the evidence from the archives which you were able to verify it would only remain to be explained why then the agreement was not signed at the time three the epochal change in the meaning of the word independence. I fear exists only in the head of the eminent Secretary of State induced perhaps by an erroneous translation from Chinese made by the young men new tent of the congregation for the evangelization of of people's by now mon Oculus Rex and Reagan decorum, which was also co-responsible for at least ten errors in translation of Pope Benedict's 2007 letter given the intelligence of your eminence it is however difficult to for me to believe that you were deceived. It is more likely that you wanted to let yourself be deceived. I don't understand the last part of your letter which is at least confused. The facts are there. I have evidence that Peril and manipulates the Holy Father. It also shows me so much affection. But does not answer my questions afterwards and front of the positions taken by the holy see that I cannot understand. I tell all the desolate brothers who turn to me not to criticize those who follow these dispositions since however the provision still lie freedom to those who have a conscientious objection. I encourage them to withdraw to the catacombs without opposing any Injustice. Otherwise, they would end up losing more what have I done wrong? Five, I agree 100% with the invitation to pray. I remember that recently the Holy See also recommended the invocation to Our Lady soup to in precedium that to the Archangel Saint Michael. Obviously, there is the aura or Ramos Pro Ponte face, which concludes with it. Don't rot am in an Imam any make or met us. I wish you happier moments. Your long service is Dean of the College of Cardinals obliging Cardinals n So what does this letter mean? Almost a month ago Cardinals n released a letter openly criticizing the Holy See for its normalizing the blatantly schismatic false Bishops and schismatic false Church in China, especially giving the Chinese government unprecedented Powers over the church in China these powers include the literal rewriting of the Gospel to come into line with the current communist vision of the government and its leader, although that was probably not part of the agreement. Mint is just a consequence but these powers include also the choosing of Bishops the bulldozing of Parish churches and the like in Cardinal raise response to the original statement by Cardinals n we saw a spurious comparisons to John Paul the second and Benedict the 16th handling of Communism with accusations that they approved the current situation. The attempt is to lay the blame for the situation at the feet of Benedict XVI a practice that I rather strongly suspect. We should all get used to seeing especially when he passes away. And is no longer able to defend himself at issue is the presence of the Cardinal Secretary of State the man who was thought to be the architect of a China Vatican deal Cardinal Pietro parolin Zen has previously called him a man who was not of the faith. He has accused parolin of hating the heroes of the faith the great Saints and martyrs of the church, especially in China parolin is also accused of being what Zen calls the vice Pope and accusation made by others though. That isn't really accurate given that the accusation is that parallel is manipulating Francis and responsible for many of the horrible decisions. We've seen a more accurate term for that would be a puppet master or the power behind the throne to quote a CNA article on this from December Zen says quote. I have a clear impression that parolin is manipulating the Holy Father Zen told new blue magazine in a recent interview Zen said parallels motives are unclear but suggested that he may be acting out of vainglory and a desire for a diplomatic success. It's a real mystery how a man of the church given all his knowledge of China and of the Communists could do such a thing as he's doing now. He said and quote. He said those words before recently accusing Peril and of essentially not holding the Catholic faith the central issue though. Is this for decades? There have been two Catholic churches in China the underground Church, which Zen has called the Martyr Church and the false ape church called the Chinese patriotic Association, which is the state approved so called Catholic Church. As the name implies the Martyr Church faces persecution including many of its Bishops having been arrested and tortured in September 2018 the situation changed dramatically when the Holy See signed a provisional agreement with the government of China on the recognition of the Patriotic Association and the acceptance of several of its Bishops, which then led to the functional suppression of the Martyr Church whose Bishops zhen included were told to make way for the state approved false. Bishops Zen has no home or office now as a result of the steel at least not on. Formal office again from that CNA article in December quote. The Cardinal has criticized the deal secrecy noting that is one of the two Chinese Cardinals is but unable to see the contents of the agreement and that document released from the holy See's have been vague without any name or departure attached to them in a departure from the usual protocol Zen has also warned that the deal will put those who have remained loyal to Rome in the underground Church in danger as a precious as pressure mounts to accept the authority of the the CPC a guidance from the Vatican recognizes the choice of those who feel that they cannot in good conscience register with the government and accept the Communist policy of synthesis ation to bring the Catholic Church more in line with a communist understanding of Chinese culture society and politics. However reports indicate that those who declined to register are facing harassment and persecution and quote. Well, the church recognizes the right of those who cannot in good conscience register with the Chinese state government those who do not do so face harassment. None more than the priests and Bishops of the Martyr Church. The footage of the Chinese parishes being bulldozed stands as a testament to the resistance and the will the faithful in China whose persecution is largely being ignored by the Western Powers. It is a tragedy that we don't talk about often enough and which is for a variety of reasons including some social media hostility into anything related to that country at the moment. But there's another criticism here one that has been made about the relationship between the cardinal Secretary of State and the pope for decades and that is the measure of control or at least the wielding of undue power over the operations of the Vatican itself. Parolin has long been accused of acting with incredible power and being at the center of depravity an accusation that while his predecessor Cardinal Bertone. He didn't face to the same degree. So he faced other accusations or Tony's predecessor did a man with a familiar name to those following the scandals in the the church Cardinal sodano as you Brothers call. So Donna was accused of burying documents of eat four years related to the Masa Marcel Marcel scandals and the related scandals of a similar nature. Shall we say that dog the church in the late years of the John Paul II papacy and throughout Benedict's papacy. He wielded such power that he sought to close the archives of the Vatican to Irish investigators during John Paul. The seconds here's there are numerous other accusations against sodano that I could go into and I did in more recent videos. Marcel Marcel, but those aren't important at the moment. There has been an accusation dogging the papacy and the Cardinal Secretary of State for decades and accusation made by numerous figures ranging from Malachi Martin to more mainstream figures in the Catholic media. And that accusation is this that the Cardinal secretary of state is the central figure to controlling the papacy at least since the 1980s. The accusation has been that all attempts by the faithful to communicate with the Pope about the sad State of Affairs in their home. Diocese has Ugh accusations against likely sankt Gallen Mafia and lavender Mafia Bishops in the US and across the West we're getting filtered before they reach the Pope. In fact the accusation made by numerous voices is that letters often never reach the pulp at all that Ismail was being handled by Young priest working for others and the typically creatures reporting to the Secretary of State directly Benedict XVI. Famously told Jonathan re on a group of pilgrims that is Authority ended at his office door, how That happened all part of these accusations are about money always follow the money. Remember when a stories of Uncle Ted mccarrick emerged with him traveling the world with envelopes full of cash and handing them out to politicians and prelate at various meetings. So Donna was accused of something similar mostly accepting money from Dirty sources to be used for various Vatican projects, which of then which of course then comes with favorable treatment by the Vatican towards those dirty groups, but be they South American dictators who are private. Visuals engaged in dirty Behavior the accusations go on and on and there are these accusations over the decades the point of all this is that the office of the secretary of state is is Central to the problems facing the church today. It has become an office of incredible power and Prestige and for some reason or another it has become the locus of corruption in recent decades Malachi Martin's accusations included the Cardinal Secretary of State being involved in Satanism, which prior to the all but confirmation of these allegations against the late Cardinal Bernardin I'd of thought Idea was a bit far-fetched going that high in the papal chain, useful storytelling device nonetheless. But otherwise probably an exaggeration now, I kind of doubt that though. Well, I doubt that parolin is involved in such matters though. The selling out of the church in China is clearly diabolical in nature as a rewriting of the Gospel in China in the fate of the Chinese. Martyr of tests one not neat be involved in ritual Satanism to be an agent of the Diabolical after all. But what do you think of all this is Cardinals ends accusations against Cardinal raise and parallel and more evidence of institutional corruption in the highest and most powerful offices in the Vatican or is there something else afoot here? Let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Thanks for listening and for your support of this channel. If you like content like this, please subscribe and like the channel. Thanks for listening. I'm Anthony Stein Ave, Maria.