It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude.To duty. I don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today? Yeah, hope your week is going good. It's Wednesday. It's middle of the week. Yeah, I hope update its hope dude. I fucking hate it. I hate you know, how much I hate that word. Yeah, I hate dump. I like dump you like take a dump. I mean who doesn't yeah. Well sometimes I don't know betting on how it's going. The situation can be rough. Yeah. Well what's going on any any business today? No bids, but I can do you have this? I don't think so. Then I can like segue real quick into my fucked-up of the week. I'm gonna jump related like I'm talking about lay it on me. Okay. This is it's not TMI. But anyway, I had like maybe it is in the beginning. I had too much Dairy I think on Tuesday and it was upsetting my stomach and I was just like having strong cramps and it wasn't my time in the month so I could rule that out. Yeah, sometimes I'm unsure. Yeah, you know the IUD make things weird. Yeah. Yeah, so I was like no, I already had that. So that's not what it is. And I was like it might be the Big D what you have diarrhea and I was like, oh no, so and I had to go ta this class where I can't like leave because I am like timing things and like helping the class. Yeah run. And so I was like, this is like a nightmare a nightmare also. That's why they make Imodium AD, uh-huh anti-diarrheal and I keep an emergency. Imodium in my car at all times was like a packet. It's smart. It's mine for when you're on the go when you got to go on the go hopefully our when you don't want to go on the go you don't want to go when you're on the go. I really hope to do voiceover and or be in their commercial sometimes I'd love to be in a Dieter up Imodium baby swans are this podcast? I hate diarrhea Burger bring on the Imodium. Okay, but then here's where things get bad. So one I took it. The feeling you get when you when that Imodium kicks in and the cramps go away is maybe the best feeling on the face of this Earth. Yeah. I think it would I think it surpasses I wouldn't know but childbirth like getting a federal get it. Yeah getting an epidural being proposed to also don't know what that's like anything falling in love any moment where you were like pure joy the feeling you get when the Imodium kicks in You think you have diarrhea is blissful. Uh-huh. So that kicks in great. The rest of my days fantastic. What wasn't is the days / like following? Yeah that because nothing's been normal since and I think it's maybe because I didn't have diarrhoea. I maybe it was just gas or something. Yeah, I freaked out and that ammonium has fucked my shit up literally since then no man. So now I'm dealing with that just drink so much more water than you ever thought you positive. Needed meanwhile, I have a full glass of water and I'm drinking my coffee. I mean Joseph. Those are those are good things to have. I think I think you're doing what you can with what you have. Yeah, I've been trying I've been trying to chug water and stuff. But like just everything's a mess. Get some Fiber in there. Yeah, true fair fair fair, you know. Yeah. I need to eat like a whole head of broccoli or something. Well, I know that Michaels other problems that might be an issue. You don't want to add to the to the I don't want to add to what's happening in there. Yeah. Yeah, I'll just keep got keep it the dairy. Yeah, stay away. Yeah. Oh man. Well that sucks. I'm really sorry. Truly one of the worst things ever is having like you stream extremes. Yeah. I want to be right in the middle. Yeah. You want to just be regular I know. All right. What's your fucked-up of the week? Okay, so mine's just very silly. Okay. It's not like gross or anything, but it's just just it's hilarious. So my brother came a couple weekends ago and spent the night and it's just like always Uncle Bret Uncle Bret or as Jack calls him Uncle gret it's really cute and my brother stayed in one of our spare bedrooms and like he made the bed up for himself because I think we didn't have sheets on it and he just like grabbed whatever we had in the linen closet and put it on there. And this is like weeks ago. So I hadn't gotten to cleaning the room or like changing the sheets or anything. So I finally get back into the room and I'm cleaning up in there and I go to strip the bed, you know, and I am looking at the mattress and I was like, I think there's a duvet cover on here, but it's not on the it's not on the like comforter. He had taken the duvet cover. So first of all, I'm like taking the sheets off the there's a fitted sheet just like laying on top of everything and not on not on the mattress and then there's a flat sheet also on top of that and I'm just like what is happening here and I'm peeling all the layers back and then there's a duvet cover laying over underneath everything and I'm like a duvet cover mattress protector. He put the entire mattress inside the duvet cover. Oh my God, no, That was the fitted sheet. I don't know what I don't know what he was what must that have looked like he must have spent a half an hour getting this entire ass mattress into the fucking duvet cover. You can barely get a duvet in a duvet cover. I know I what I was so confused. I was like, how did he even do this? So I was like, I unbuttoned the idiot, but he but he's gotten everything. It was like fully erect like the whole thing the whole entire match. Rose was inside the duvet cover. So I'm just cracking up. I'm like laughing hysterically at trying to get it off because I had to like take the entire mattress off lift the mattress up and I'm like trying to get and it was like tight, you know on it. Yeah, like shimmying it down. It was did you tell him? No, I next time I see you. I'm gonna text him. Yeah and a fucking laugh in his face what act like, you've been somewhere people Grandpa grat. He's a 33 year old man. 34 year old man. I don't does Does your mom still make his bed? I know you know, I know I know that she doesn't but I like I don't know. That's why I don't know what happened here. So that's why Bret if you're listening right now. I know you are what the fuck I think I think he did it on purpose to troll me. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I think I think he like didn't know what to do with the duvet cover and he's like, well, maybe it just goes on the whole entire mattress. Yeah. Maybe he was just like board and was like, this will be funny. Yeah when she finds this it'll be funny. Yeah, so good one. Brett yeah, thanks for letting me stay here. I put your duvet cover over your mattress. Good luck by was really really funny. Oh my God, he's such a he's such a dude. It's hilarious humble Greta Uncle grat. What a wild one. So yeah, that was funny. Oh my gosh speaking of funny. Oh my God this topic today. I when I first learned about this person that we're going to about to talk about I was Crying laughing thinking about this what must this have been like to experience? I don't notice you guys. I I wish so badly that there was a person like this in existence today. I maybe there is but it is but they haven't been on America's Got Talent. Yeah, and that's why they're not more well-known. I think okay. There is a guy I was going to say like if there is somebody yeah, they definitely would be like on Howard. Stern yeah, oh there is his name's will the farter. Okay, and he farts on command. The thing is it's not as much of an art I would say as who were going to talk about today. Got it. She's not a far teeth. I'm not afraid to use. Yeah, but he is but also he has had hella accidents on air. We're talking the Sharks. He's a shark teeth. Yeah sure taste it is. Yeah, but it is very funny. And yeah, he's great to listen to so it's the difference between finger painting and moaning. Yeah, but no either the difference between Jackson Pollock and Monet. Yeah when I mean it's like it's someone's working with rudimentary tools and ways, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah and then techniques I guess you if you will and someone's like like has a master's degree. Yeah in the Fine Arts. Yeah fart if I start Fine Art fine art from farts. I don't know fine farts. The the person we're talking about today is named Joseph pujol. Yeah, and he was born in Marseille France in 1857. Great. So very normal so far great. Yep, and this man in his early youth Love to entertain like he was like one of those kids that was like ham and cracking jokes Hamming it up doing like a little purse little Ripper. Yeah a little perfect. Well not yeah, not yet. So he would like, you know, you know when you're a kid he'd get up and like do a little like a dance routine for your for your mom and dad. I was obnoxious. Yes, of course we all did it. Yeah. This was his Jam when he was a kid perform for his parents house. Guess he was but he was pretty good. Like the talent he had to get out. He had a great delivery. He was funny and he was just a natural. So he had the he had the say khwaja Nastasia. Yeah shouldn't say cause I don't know what but he had I know what yeah, he had it. He had it. I don't know. Yeah, just take a pot. No, that's not right. We don't know he so he one day was swimming in the ocean. Yeah, and he took a deep breath before diving underwater before putting his head underwater and as he was inhaling before diving down, he felt icy cold water. Go up his butt like like shooting up like an enema and it was like shocking so he was like, you know, I'm swimming in then he goes and then it goes he's like he doubled it. It's like and then you feel the air and you're all like you just like take it even deeper breath. Like what is that? So he was like what the fuck and it scared him. I mean, I think he was only like 10 or something at this point. Oh, he's good. Now, that's scary. Yeah, it was like what the fuck just happened to me. Yeah. So he like immediately got out of the water returned to Shore and when he got out of the water nearly 2 liters worth of fucking water began pouring out of his but what like a two-liter bottle of soda coming out of your butthole is not what you want. That's so much also. It's like there's no way to be like, oh, it's just my trunks, you know, like when you come back and you're like and you're like bathing suits still is like dripping. Yeah, but it's like are you beating yourself? Yeah, but this is coming out of his but I could not imagine a must I know what that feels like honestly because your water broke. No. No, I've had like water put into my butthole to make sure that my rectum was okay after my surgery. Yeah irrigation. It's like an irrigation that they It up as much as it as he can and they you waddle over to the toilet and it just like comes out, you know my gosh rough anyway, so he he was freaked out. He went to the doctor. Yeah, because it was so shocking. He was just like this should not have happened. Yeah, and he goes to the doctor the doctor examines him and his like you're fine. It's nothing to worry about. You're good. He's like good on you. He's like, this is great. Yeah your you could hold stuff in your butt good for you. It's an extra Pocket you could but Chug, if you want Little you can plug a lot. Yeah, so the doctors like get out of here kid, and he was like, okay and then later on he figured out I don't know how or why but I think he was like probably doing some healthy experimentation because he realized something really weird time. Yeah bath time. Yeah, where we all figure out a lot of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. He's playing with his peepee. He's playing with his butthole. He figures out that he could With a little abdominal control suck water into his butt. Like you could just go and get water slurp it up, which is that's wild and then push it out and then he could push it out like with Force to like shoot it across the room. Okay, you know how they, you know, like how people ask if you could have any superpower in the world. What would it be? Hmm? It's this. Yeah, if you could fucking SodaStream Out your but. Yeah liquid. I mean I think people can but not like on command like that's okay. No I'm saying on Cabana great. Yeah, that's the towel and I want okay you could I feel like you could accomplish so much like you could fight bad guys with it. Oh, yeah, you could be like the new tub girl. I could be 2020s tub girl, but also like I don't like if it's Duty water, I don't want to do that. No not like clear what it like if it's like soap. Christine it's drinkable. Like that's what he's doing. He's able to like get it. He's his colon is very clean that probably maybe to clean. I wonder if this could cause like health problems with like your bacteria or probably get sick from it. Maybe I don't know. Well dang, let's get into it. Okay more here. Okay, so then he realized he could also suck in large amounts of air into his butthole if he And ordered himself properly and then he could let the air out at will however he wanted to he can like control the tone the force the you know, a sphincter says what I mean, he literally can make his think or say wet. His sphincter is its own personal most he has another mouth and it's talking it's like, um when I was in the womb I ate my own twin and it became my butt. And now it talks to me. It's it's own person. This guy's butt was just doing the most you in the most so what could you imagine if you had to like Louis XIV? Oh man magic. It's like he could put on a upside-down puppet show. I don't know. Could he throw his could he throw his farts like a ventriloquist throw their voice? I'd be oh, I'm sure he could do. I'm sure we'll find out. Yeah. We're about to find out what he could do. So he so he would he was able to use varying pressures to produce distinct notes, like distinct notes with farts. Yeah allowing him to reproduce simple Tunes like that. They didn't all sound the same. He could like play Yankee Doodle. Dandy is butthole basically are like hot cross buns. Yeah. Yeah, exactly and needless to say he became very popular at school because this was like, of course the Party trick little boy could possibly possess. Oh my God, honestly, that's yeah. I'm he was very popular in school because of this I bet girls could do this too, but like gross aren't encouraged or just even with their but oh, yeah, but like girls aren't encouraged to be like fart and be gross. So I mean I could burp on command. That's good. Yeah, I'm gonna teach myself to fart on command don't you know that they need to wear it - yeah, never mind. Laughs learned in the back. Yeah, I'll learn in the bathtub like all all experimenter experimental but whole people I don't know well people and little did he know that one day this Talent would make him one of the most well-known and most highly paid entertainers in all of France we're talking. Like he was like the Jennifer Aniston or Nicole Kidman of his time. Yeah, like He was like he was like that. He was the Tom Cruise of it. Sorry. He was the I'm thinking like stage performers. He was like the the Bono or the Chris Martin Chris Martin or I don't know. Why are we thinking of like the lamest fucking dudes? They make the most money because they have the biggest like older audience and they all buy tickets. Okay, he would be like the Rolling Stones. Okay, let's let's do something cooler. Yeah, so for his time great, so Let's just go back in time a little bit more. Well, well or forward I should say in time. So after he perfected his talent and his Boyhood days Pujols grew up in join the Army. He joined the army and was doing his thing. But you know, I think you probably get bored in the Army. Oh, yeah, no matter what's happening and he would sit around with his fellow soldiers and he would show him this talent that He had since he was a boy this farting. Yeah, and they fucking loved it. They thought it was so funny and they gave him a nickname and the nickname they gave him became his stage name later on, but they called him lip Peta Mama. Right? Look Padme Le petomane. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. So this nickname combines the French verb patei. To fart with the suffix main which means Maniac oh my gosh, so it roughly translates to Frodo Mania, which is great, which is my nickname growing up. Yeah lip at the Moon. There's you fart Maniac so that he just be sitting around the army barracks fartin for his friends and they fucking loved it. Oh my God. And then you know life goes on. He leaves the Army and then he joined his father in the family business of a bakery. Yeah, but then he was like listen, I really love show business. I love I want to like be on stage. I want to do this as a profession like Bakery colleague. Yeah. The bakery is not cutting it for me. Do you hear that? That's my calling. I think his dad was pretty pissed too because his dad's like what do you mean like you're going to be famous with your butthole? Oh, yeah. No. Yeah, but also maybe it's for the best because all that loose flour in the bakery amount around this man's but it's a recipe for disaster. Oh my God. It's like also very unsanitary. Also, he's like, what's it called when you When you throw flour at o and taking he's like antiquing customers with his butthole, which he was because he was like entertaining people and that's like partly what gave him the confidence like customers would come in and he'd be like, what's that bro? Yeah, and they're like, is there a goose and yeah the cakes done whatever he was doing. Yeah, but it's like you know what Dad is for the best because Because you don't want to the health inspector called. Yeah, and I feel like yeah, he this gave him a little bit of confidence to like know he had something. Yeah people thought he was naturally funny and he has like, all right. I think I want to go on stage and like create a stage act and be a comedian so but he was like skeptical of his talent, right? Yeah. Well, so he actually was a really good job trombone player. Okay, like both ends. Yeah, like a regular trombone trombone player not as mouth his face mouth. Yeah, that is but Mal. Yeah, and he was very useful this battle. So he started doing this routine where he was playing up like a he was making it his act like he was a Yokel playing the trombone. I don't know. I guess that was a funny thing funny Trope and Friends of the time and so so he said he was doing that and he didn't he was reluctant to use the farts as part of his act because that was just like to easier something he wanted to see if he was like funny on his own merits and not just like because of this gimmicky thing and he was funny. Yeah, but it it needed he needed to add a little extra judge to his act because it wasn't really taking off the way he thought it would also like well it was all so crass. Yeah, and also like that's one of those things where it's like just Grace what's special about you? Yeah, you know people like avoid their type or like it's like no lean into that. That's gonna help you. Well, I think yes, the crassness of the fart thing was like, okay, maybe he's like maybe this isn't funny to everybody. I want to like appeal to everybody. Yeah, but what you don't understand is farts are funny to everyone. What's more Universal than a fart? Like, I'm sorry. You could be the most uptight person ever. Yeah and somebody rips it. And like a funny way like this I can in a basically like your butthole has its own personality like that shit's funny. I don't care who you are. Like come on. They say musics the universal language. It's far not if you're tone deaf. I know some people that are tone deaf and they don't listen to music and I'm like, oh, I didn't know that's why people don't listen. I mean some people just like don't get the they're like, yeah, this is fine. Like they don't it doesn't Like move them. Yeah. Oh, that's wild. I had a boss one time. I'm like a little what's like your favorite type of music. He's like, I don't listen to music. I just listen to sports radio and I was like that says all I need to know about you. Yeah, man, it's rough. Yeah. So on the other I don't think that's what tone deaf means in all cases. But you know, I'm just yeah, it's just weird. So yeah, he eventually he just was like, all right, I'm gonna lean into my my fart Tendencies and see what happens. Yeah. well His act took off. Oh my God. I just feel like the context of like what makes this so good is how he Incorporated it like it Hurst it had to have been just like he's playing the trumpet trombone or whatever and just like instead of doing the last note with his mouth uses. But yeah, that would set me up that would if you're not if you're not expecting it destroy me that just the surprise and Delight that that would I can't I Like full-body chills. It's so funny to me it like just being it's imagining it not knowing it's coming like just thinking you're seeing this like funny trumpet got or trombone guy and then it's like rubber and the last note is a fart. What's better? Nothing nothing? Oh my god. Oh, man. Yeah, so he figured out he perfects it. He goes tours around different cities and France. Yeah, he perfects his stage act over the next five years or so and then he's like, all right. I think I'm ready to hit the big time. Also. I want to say like that. This is what elevates him as a performer versus like will the fighter on Howard Stern. Is like the context he's putting like he is a funny person. So he's like putting these farts. He's not just getting up there and farting. He's like giving each one a context and that is what is fun. Yeah, and I forgot to mention. This is like 1887 at this time. He's 30 when he starts when he embarks on his journey of being a stage. Oh no. Oh, so it's like he's better. He's older. He has like the second act of Life basically and he changes professions in the middle of his life. Baker's too far to Baker two-parter and like you were saying like it could have been just like this one one note. Act like most humans have yeah, I mean depending on how you're sitting or whatever but like most people aren't don't have a musicality to there toots, you know, no and and the way he was doing it. So we'll get into exactly what his act was in a minute. But the the first time he went on stage like in Marseille like in his hometown, it was like people were like, I don't know about this. Yeah, like Our fartistry, I don't know about that. Yeah, but then but as he as he started to get into his act he would win the crowd over and people were like fuck. Yeah, this is great. This is really funny and he got more and more well-known like Word of Mouth just started blowing up. He started touring around all these other cities in France and then after like about five years, like I said, he was ready for the big time - Lee. Oh, So he was like I'm taking my ACT to Paris. I need a bigger audience everybody. I'm getting a lot of good validation here and these other cities so it's time. Yeah time to time to hit the big spot. So he's like I'm going to try to get on stage at the Moulin Rouge the biggest this was like the most popular theater like probably in the world. Yeah Point around say yeah, this is like the I don't know. I don't know what a big theaters. It's like the MSG of it. I was gonna say yeah. Yeah, since we're goddess-like Square Garth, you're playing the Moulin Rouge you are Bono. Yeah, he like met with okay and also this is funny because I didn't know this was real but like he met with Charles diddler the who he was like a co-founder and director. Yeah, that's like the name of the guy in the movie Moulin Rouge. Uh-huh, which I know is like based on real stuff, but I was like oh, but I think his name's Henry zeidler in it. Anyway, um, he met with him and like this he had to do like a like a like an audition interviews. Yeah. Yeah, um sphincter View and he Charles Fiedler was like very skeptical. He's like, you're gonna come into my office and tell me you do this like Fart thing ya know bro. Yeah, this is not this is very too lowbrow for we do some lowbrow stuff at the Moulin Rouge but it's It's Entertainment right and like people are already like used to that. Yeah, like so it's fine. Yeah and according to an archive in the Moulin Rouge like of records of these meetings via we are destroying in.com which is where I found this mhm the conversation at their first meeting went like this Le petomane was like Like well, you see most year. I have an anus like a suction device. In other words. My anus is so stretchy that I can open and close it at will and the other was like so what and he was like it happens moles here that through this fortunate opening. I can take any quantity of Lickin liquid given to me and so's either gave him a pool of water and he fucking sucked it all up into his butt and then just shot it out like a fucking fire hose and see there was like Wow, my friend. Oh play ball. Mom, dude. Well, dude, and he was like, okay. Well actually like after that he was like, okay like you're just gonna do this on stage like hoes, but yeah water. Yeah, and he's like no that just cleared the way for what is to come like he could just give himself an enema at well. Yeah with no hose or anything. He just used his butt muscle. Yeah, that's insane. He's like you're gonna give yourself an enema go to a Medical you should have one of those medical theaters instead dude. Yeah, I'll be real famous Aaron. He's like no no that just cleared the way for my Acts or my ACT. Yeah, which I'll just tell you is odorless before we get into it and he was like what and then he continues to basically blow a bunch of musical notes out of his but he like he just was like purple bird or whatever and like made a couple jokes and Charles E. I was like blown away. So I think the though the Ripper that got'em was like he pretty like was giving him all these different tones and being like this is a like sailor on leave or whatever and then he's like and here's your mother-in-law are so yeah, it was like a dumb mother and you're just like wow my bra it was like he's like really like womp womp and he loved it and tickled in that. That tickled him. Yeah, I got him. It really got his funny but funny bone so zieler hired him. Oh, yeah gave him his own show. Yeah, I immediately. Yeah and so he gets on stage at the Moulin Rouge and we we his stage act at the motherfucking Moulin Rouge was a hit. It was lit. It was not shit. Not shit. It was amazing. So this is kind of how the the ACT would go so he'd step onstage. And introduced himself by saying ladies and gentlemen, I have the honor to present a session of petal my knee. Whoo, and so he we're like really beautiful clothes like a red coat black satin breeches and a pair of white gloves. He was like dressed to the nines. Yeah and like very formal very formal and he was extremely sophisticated in the in appearance as he's explaining to the audience. Audience that he's about to fart and this is what it's going to be again. This is the comedic gold because it's like you're looking at him expecting. This is a fancy man. He's gonna like sing an opera or something. Yeah, but the context of it is just like so fun. Yeah, and he so he goes on to say like, he's explaining I'm gonna fart but it's all going to be odorless. Yeah. There's no nugget. No nuggets. I just irrigated my colon. I do it every day like This is front row. You're not in the Splash Zone. Not in the Splash Zone. You're not in the smell Zone. Yeah, we're gonna have fun here kids. Oh my God. I love it. There's something he would say to about his act where he'd be like when people asked him about it. He be like the one thing critics can't say about this. Show is it stinks? So he do these little Fork farts to warm up the ground. Will rippers well Rippers and he named The Toots as he went. So he'd do Impressions such as a bride on her wedding night a very little food you like and high pitch like tight like a and then he'd follow it up by the morning after and be like, it's all floppy. Yeah. It's not a virginal fart. Yeah, I'm gonna virginal part anymore. Yeah, and then he'd do a lengthy 10. Part, which replicated the sound of a dressmaker tearing two yards of Calico. I'm guessing it's some sort of fabric guys like a thick cotton fabric. It sounded like someone rip it. Oh well, okay, I watch this like little film and it had sound effects and when he like did this one it sounded like someone was tearing like a fucking sale like yeah a giant canvas like take a lawnmower but 10 second. Oh, yeah that along that's a long ass fart. Yeah, so then he would also with all his might he did blast one in the form of a cannon firing. Oh my God. I wish so bad. I could have lived during this time to have seen this man. Yeah, there are there are video. There's silent movies, right? Ironically. I watched them and I'm like is my computer not like oh, it's the silent film era. I was like, what's so cool about it is it's a Edison film like Edison. Yeah. Yeah, so it's kind of fun. That's how big this guy was. Yeah. He's I just was in the theater filming the show. He would do impressions of famous people. Mmm. I don't know how or what they would be but he would he could also play songs. He did this thing which is so wild to me where he would like because he could play different notes. Yeah have been talking about like you could control the sound so well that he's like he wouldn't he be like, this is a baritone burnt. This is a baseball. This is a soprano perhaps or whatever and then he would fucking play all the notes at the same time. I don't know how what the fuck allegedly but that is wild to me. Oh my God. Yeah saying I know he'd also be able he would blow out candles with his butt. This man away from my birthday cake know what I mean. I don't care if he says it's odorless. Yeah, well coming out his but yeah for sure. Yeah, there's definitely like microscopic Poop part of particles. And then for the second that was just the first part of the idea for the second part of his eye he would step off stage real quick and he'd insert a rubber tube into his butthole and it like dangled out of a hole in the back of his pants that he like had cut a hole in and he'd used The tube to smoke two cigarettes at once. I don't know about that that seems dangerous like one in his mouth and one in his but yeah, I like my meat smoked a cigarette in his mouth. I need smoke a cigarette with his butthole. I mean people can smoke with their eyes and stuff or whatever or ears. I don't know but he was smoking two cigarettes at once from both ends. Both ends. Wow, so funny and then he'd Oh, then he used the tube to blow out the Flames of the stage lights from like feet away. I think like he like like it was like a leaf blower. Forests of this man's asshole is the power the power he has he is a power bottom. You know what I mean? Wow, and then as the grand finale he'd attach an Ocarina which is a wind instrument. Of course, of course, it's a wind instrument every time I read I read the word Ocarina. I just think of the Legend of Zelda The end the Ocarina of Time, I don't know. So again, I think of the Macarena so he'd play the Ocarina. He detach the Ocarina to the end of the hose and he'd play popular Tunes while inviting the audience to sing along so he'd like play like the can-can song or whatever. You know, he but yeah, which is like Burberry prepared. But yeah, it's like lalala. He'd also play the fucking French. National anthem. Oh my God, and people would stand up and sing. I would imagine. I mean they're singing along. I feel like it's so disrespectful but like but also not but also not I don't know not in the Moulin Rouge because that's what it I mean, I like everything's real edgy in there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah for sure. Oh my God, he was playing. Oh, yeah. He was playing like very intricate songs. Yeah, like again, he's not playing Hot Cross Buns, you know what I mean know, he was like playing songs from like operas. Yeah o solo Mio. Yeah, it's not fucking Old MacDonald. Although he did something where he made I think he was the originator of Old MacDonald. He wrote I think ya later he wrote a song where he would sing it and then he'd do or it was like a rhyme and he'd say the rhyme and then he'd make the animal noises. Yes, like basically like old MacDonald had but not really is like another with a here and Bam in his butthole would make the sound of a chicken or something happen. It's like movies. How is its so how is for sound is a fart. Oh, yeah, that's too that's the closest. Yeah, how would a rooster sound with a fart? Oh my God, it was so popular. Like people were packing it in the theater and people would become completely paralyzed with laughter. They were Derek there were in hysterics there. They'd have tears streaming down their faces a bunch of women would pass out at these shows because they would be unable to breathe with their fucking course. They're tightly bound bound course, that's would be okay. Restricting their lungs but they'd be laughing so hard that they like hyperventilate and pass out. Oh my God, and they'd have to be like taken out of the theater by nurses. I wondered okay because I was like I was like doing research and it said that there was like nurses on hand and I was like, okay that's like overreacting. Yeah, like these people are in such a sterics they need nurses, but that makes sense. Yeah. It was actually passing out. It was like hysterics brought on by laughing so hard not Like a Beatle Mania thing like an actual like they're not fake. Yeah, they're really really just cracking up. Yeah, and then so he would go on to become Moulin Rouge is most profitable act during his run dang. His performances pulled in 20,000 francs a show for the time. That's like a lot of fucking money. That's like that's a lot now, it's a lot now. Yeah, I mean if you pulled in $20,000 a show, yeah, that's what a lot. Yeah, but I think that like translates to like Million dollars or something. I don't know something like that. I forgot to do the comp the comp on that one. So his the amount of money he was pulling in was more than doubling that of Sarah Bernhardt who at the time was the most famous stage actor in France. He was doubling he was doubling what she would pull in which is crazy. I'd be like fucking I don't know like Like lizza or something like that level of stage actor or you know stage performance versus whatever he I don't know. I like Beyonce or something. Yeah. There we go. Like Beyonce, but then he's like, oh my Mana double what you're bringing. Yeah, my but yeah, that one must have been a blow to Sarah Bernhardt. I wonder now I'm thinking if he was alive today, could he mimicked Beyonce? Oh for sure. This these are things that were keeping me up blessed that's what I'm saying I want if you're a person in this world who can do this come forward we are ready for you yeah the world is ready the world is ready oh my gosh also okay so we talked a little bit about how they really like silent films where popular in this time and they were recording him because he was so popular but also his popularity coincided with the rise of the wind up Xena phone and the flat disk which is like early record yeah so they recorded as On to record so like you could potentially here. I mean if there's recordings of these things I need to find I need to dig deeper. Yes because I really want to hear what this man's tooth sounded like well, but I don't think it was like a comedy record where like he had his Impressions. It was like a music record for posterity. Yeah, it will and it was like they like had a whole Orchestra and then he was like farting along with it. So it's like real music and then wow and he's like accenting it with notes. A fart so sprinkling and some farts. Oh, yeah. It was a it was actually maybe like a classy version of how of how they were able to record him. But his records sold in the thousands each week at the at the time that was a lot and then it was netting him tons of extra money. Yeah, in addition to what he was making off of his shows at the me. Yep. Yes'm and then he also started giving private paid performances to rich and famous people so like he did a show for Leopold. Of the belgians and Edward Prince of Wales amazing, which is amazing and and they like loved it and then um, apparently Queen Victoria found out and she got so fucking pissed and King Edward. She was represented he would become king over but at the Prince Edward at the time she was like, this is so fucking tacky. If you ever do this again, he this man is not invited to our Palace. He's not coming to Buckingham Palace. And then in this film I watched which I think was just called. Ulla pet domain it was from the 70s, but I think it's like a biography. Yeah, because I'm like referencing it Queen Victoria was like I can't believe you did this and he's like, yeah, but like, um, Leopold King of the belgians was there and she was basically like that guy's techies fuck I don't care if he was there. Yeah. I don't want my son there. Okay. Yeah, and he's like, sorry Mom. Yeah. I love it. Oh my God, Queen Victoria was a fucking G. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That is I mean, yeah tons of famous people that would come to see him. or he would do private performances for them it's just so like writers and like a super classy like people but my royalty and stuff is wild yeah and then just like rich people like how they do now they hire you like you could hire Beyonce if you have like a million dollars yeah like she performs and like wherever like yeah but Sultan's and shit yeah oh man so at some point though this all came to an end as all good things must yeah the monroes got really pissed because not only was he doing private paid performances he also had done a show in the Town Square Market to raise money for a friend who'd fallen on some hard financial times which is so nice hot soup he was a super nice guy like he wasn't a dick he is just trying to like help a friend out also like farmer's markets should have acts like this I've only got maybe more maybe people would spend more time there yeah um also like it's like brood that the Moulin Rouge like Charles zeidler was like pissed about this Because it's like, you know this guys doing a solid for a friend. Yeah. Also, I kind of get it because to be fair like these some of these additional shows that he was doing for like royalty and all and like the recordings he was doing they may have been like wearing a sphincter down or something, huh. He wasn't protecting his voice need to gargle with lemon and honey. And what gargle will be limited honey? Yeah. Sip tea, does he have peppermint tea up his bed every night after his performance. I wonder what his butthole. Care skin care routine was like his self care routine for like maintaining like the elasticity. Did you have like a 12-step like Korean skincare like roll it with the courts a quartz rose quartz roller escorts roller or like did he just like soak it in Epsom salt? Yeah. I'm like, did he put like fancy marula oils on it and stuff. Yeah. I want to know I know I want to know too. I'm sure he pampered that be whole. Oh, yeah. He probably had like be whole masks that he'd wear. Like do you think he did like, but kegels yeah. Okay, probably just Exact he did enough like yeah like you but also maybe he had to do like outside. It's like how if you're an athlete you have to like still work out. So fine tuned and stay up together dude. Yeah. Well, he so his State his shows onstage at the Moulin Rouge definitely suffered. And in this film I watched for my research and hopefully this is like true. There was a scene where he gets in trouble like Charles either called him into his office at the Moulin Rouge and he's like you got like I'm fucking pissed you did this and like we have an exclusive contract and your wind sir belongs to me and then he was like my wind sir belongs to the world. You gotta let the wind Go free. Oh my God. Also there were so many little fart puns in this movie. It's only 30 minutes. I suggest you watch it on YouTube. It's like anyone called it. It's a 1979 film called Le petomane. Yeah, and I don't want to ruin this part ball. So I just want to like say how funny it was. He's like leaving this guy's office and he slams the door and then the door just opens and you just here he like farts out and he slams it again. It's so good. This movie is like unintentionally funny. I think or maybe intentionally that it's intentional. Yeah. It's so great and it's very dry. So like it just all these fart puns come through and like they're just very dry and no response so them and so it's very fun. It's like a normal course of the day like Yammer station. Yeah, but it's about farts. Yeah love it. So he was released from the Moulin Rouge a minute. Um, and he took his act back on the road. Yeah. Yeah good for him. Yeah. He had to make money. Yes was his job. Yeah, and I think that made zeidler like even more mad but whatever and then he came back to Paris. So he like did this he took it on the road? He did like his, you know European tour 1912 or whatever. Yeah it was. It was the rip code to her. Yeah, the stones do the zip code to her. Bitch, I'm done and he got back and he like hears that there's a new act at the Moulin where she's like, let me check this out. And it was an also an impersonator named La Femme Fatale main. Oh, yeah, Peta, man, whatever aka the female far da'maniac. Oh my God, it was a lady and she was up there doing farts and he showed up and he was like very pissed because he was like, Like how did you replace me in this quickly? Like I'm an expert at what I do and this woman is a fake and everyone's like no she's not and he was like she absolutely is and he challenged her to a naked fart off because he was like This man, he's like Madame remove your shirt and she's like, um, no and he's like, okay then show up down at the courthouse next Monday. We're gonna have a judge Akin. Yeah, we're gonna be both naked and I'm gonna we're gonna go note-for-note. It's like a game of horse. Like you play basketball is like shot-for-shot waiting to see who could do this and she's like no, I'm not gonna do that sir, and he's like, okay and according to this movie. He went it went to a court hearing. I don't know if this is real or not. But like I couldn't back it up with like the Wikipedia or like Yeah, The Articles they didn't like specify this but it was found at some point and I think it was through a court hearing that she had basically like a fire. Oh like a Billows. Yeah a Billows up her skirt in her, but I think and it was like and she was like using that somehow or she was like squeezing. Seeing with her legs or something. Like there was something that she was doing and there was like a little device so she wasn't farting. Oh, I was gonna say maybe she was queefing know it was she was not doing any of it. It's like figured out how to problem because in between her legs that would like autofill and she just she's a fart frog. Yeah. She's a part for she's a fart fraud a faux farter. She was fo fartin and get paid and so the he like one his like court case court case and so they were you can't do this anymore ma'am and she was like okay so then he I think he retired eventually well I don't know yikes he I think his butthole became a little too loose and he was interrogating it enough or something I don't hea like lost control as we all do as we age of his sphincter and I think he was shitting himself on stage like he was like and here's the Horny Toad and then he was like and then it was like a turd came out and everyone thought he was like because that's like you've gone too far yeah yeah yeah you know like we don't we don't want any smells we don't want any like fecal matter no we don't get it together nuggets popping down on stage yeah so that I think that's what happened is like he just like kind of like couldn't control it anymore but also the articles some of the Articles we read more so say that like World War 1 Did in 1914 and you know part of his act was like cannons and guns and like making gun like gun noises with his farts and stuff and it just like wasn't funny because people were having to go to war and like yeah, they're like, this was like a time like everybody was very sobered by all the world events that were happening and it just wasn't the time and there wasn't an audience for this anymore. It seems like I don't know. Yeah, but either way he He went back to the the family baking business and ran a bakery and then a biscuit Factory. Yeah, and he died in 1945 at the age of 88, which is a nice long life and he hits what an interesting life. He must have had so wild I want to learn more about this man. I deeply desperately want to hear his farts his record. Yeah. I want to I want to I need to hear this like I couldn't find any good audio of it. So yakkung and all the audio in the film is fake yeah so yeah because actor and stuff but yeah but I recommend watching the silent film at least there's if you just Google le Pont Le petomane you can find like the videos the silent film of writing like on stage I'm like contorting but yeah here and he's like farting into a sauna like not a sonogram I need a phone is Nina found me on the phone yeah so it's it's really funny See You In Action yeah what a gas he was basically a beatboxer with his butt Bob boxer okay I did not get that when you wrote that in here now I get it yeah yeah I'm sorry I stepped on your joke but no no I did me nothing like what's a but boxer and then I would never read anything about him like boxing people and I was like oh no like people who can make yeah yeah that's bad very bad Yeah well yeah yeah yeah beatboxers they can do all kinds of crazy stuff he was doing that with his butthole and what a talent what a true and raw talent this man had raw I wonder like if I wonder if there's like a voice I wonder if there's a but equivalent for like a voice like the voice of an Angel hmm you know what I mean I can't think of anything like the violated voice of a Hippo I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe it's the voice of the devil the devil. Hmm is your but the demon voice. Yes routing tune. I love this man. I again, I'm going to put a call out to the world. If there is somebody on this planet who can do this with their butthole. Yeah, please go on America's Got Talent on the extra few fun. Yeah don't like do it in a fun way. That's like sir. Sizes in Delights people like Howard Stern is great. But like I want to see like a full stage act. Like I want to see the the juxtaposition of somebody who's very sophisticated in a sue in a suit, whatever busting out rendition of Halo by Beyonce like, oh my God know what I would love if it can bind like Magic Mike with this Talent. So if it was like a stripper that was like dancing and stuff and then he would like do a little Art, Joe make fart sexy. I don't know that's make fart sexy again. I guess they were never there never were. No. I don't think I mean maybe at some point they weren't I'm not I don't think so. If they were my life changes starting now, you know what? I mean? If farts become sexy watch out by P know you're like a sex symbol. Yeah. I'm and I just like go on world to her. I'm like the next Madonna or something yeah oh my God this was fun I love this topic so fun God bless what a treat I think that's all I got though yeah same follow us on social media yeah at DTF you podcast everywhere visit the website go to our website DTF podcast.com my gosh so much stuff I have a whole ass website y'all um leave us a review if you can five star review on iTunes I would be amazing very a little also like any country you're in you can leave one yeah like I just saw we got one from Germany which was very nice and I loved it it was so nice Conker yeah um all right you know what be excellent to yourselves and each other by two to what if we farted bye-bye forever toodaloo