Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those life skills that everybody ought toLearn and everybody would be better off if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an individual thing its first of all individual because a book that we might pick up is a very individual choice if you're walking through a bookstore, you might pick up something that is of interest to You Catches your eye you like the cover you like the way it looks you think it might feel good. You pick it up. It feels good in your hand. You're like the paper you like the weight of the book you like flipping through the pages and a lot of us many of us remember many days of flipping through books. was pretty much normal and we thought books were always going to be around but books do seem to be a bit of you know, ask are resources scarce resource these days of they're not used as much we tend to go to the internet to look up things that were wondering about we don't dig around in the old encyclopedias the way we used to but there is something very precious and there is something very sentimental in those very something very heartwarming about a book and to think that it's not just for the book binders of the world. This is something that anybody can learn and anybody can make and that makes it accessible and it makes it wonderful and it can even be fun. So let's dive in and take a little look into. Oh my gosh. We're making books how wonderful is that? So it's a very individual choice and it's also a very valuable life skill. Just think about how this is not taught in schools. But this is something that would be shown. Liable for everybody to learn at least once in their life and to actually sit down and create a book now, they can create anything. They like they can take it in any direction any style but they like they can cover any topic they can leave it completely naked inside and make it a journal just for writing in or they can tell a story or they can house secret sacred papers or it can be a big book full of knowledge such as a tome. The Greeks used to call their books tomes Tommy meant to cut and I'm assuming that they would take the paper and they would cut it to fit inside the book. So it meant these were Cuts I'm assuming in my deep research here. I believe that there's a great honor that is bestowed upon the act of making a book. It's an old craft. It's an old art. It's something that we've adapted into. Newer Arts today through scrapbooking and junk journaling and the like and I think that there's so much that can be explored and you can have so much fun creating new things from just very common household items and it's a fascinating way to get this link to history in a link to writing a link to literature a link to Art. Just think about it. I mean, this is something you know, when we do it with junk journals many of us do it for fun or pleasure or play for gift giving but there also can be for knowledge or information or literature or other things poems and quotes and so many ways that you can create a book and happen. It can have many multiple different purposes. I think this builds a greater appreciation for reading for right? For penmanship for journaling. The art of journaling is thankfully still alive and kicking and alive and strong and there's a new wave of bullet journaling going on or bullet planner journaling going on and paper crafting is soaring thankfully and I do believe that it is tied somehow to the Deep sense of appreciation for the old Arts the act of book binding or Or creating a book from scratch. Basically you're taking papers and you're assembling signatures or little mini booklets that will be sewn into the cover and they can be sewn. Of course. They can also be glued and we have a myriad of glues that we work with. You can also use rings to bind your book together Staples are also used screw posts and binding posts or use and also coils and there. many ways to bind a book as there are artists who make them and did in common language the if you went to a bookbinding shop, it would be called a binder eShop be I nder why shop and many of these are around that basically pay homage to the old way of making books and you can watch many videos on YouTube about how to Make books the old-fashioned way with clamps and presses and Coptic Stitch and so many fun and fascinating things to check out if you've never checked this out. I highly recommend going and exploring it because they're just fabulous videos videos when you can actually see somebody make a book with the old-fashioned methods now with junk journals, we do our best with what we have we have certain tools available to us in our homes and we tend to work with those and we create something from nothing which is Is amazing in and of itself which I think is fascinating and everybody would be better off in the world. I think if they all at least made one journal in their lifetime, so I highly encourage that I would looking back in the history and I learned that book binding and bookmaking probably originated in India where they were taking Palm leaves to Palm leaves and attaching them together and that was a very rudimentary style book. And then the Egyptians came along and they went and ran with it and added more versions with Papyrus and the Mayans had their own style of bookmaking. Of course, the Romans were famous for their Scrolls and other way to document information. And then the Greeks had the tomes as we discussed that means to cut the Egyptians also had something called The Book of the Dead it was 200 Pages. This is one of the oldest books. We one of the oldest books around that we All of it was used for funerary services for the deceased and so, you know making a book has a lot of history tied to it. It's more than just sitting down and shuffling around a bunch of papers and assembling them into something that's book. Like there's there have been many before you that have sat down and assembled books and it was done to translate or give or transfer information to other people to Future generations to other towns folk in the next town, you know, it's just amazing how the concept of the book even though. It is slowly disappearing. It has such a such resonance to so many of us many of us remember growing up reading Nancy Drew books or Hardy Boy books. Maybe those were some of our first books or maybe it was, you know, See Spot Run. Dick and Jane are reading books in school something like that or maybe some of the first books we had or possibly the lullabies in the the lullabies, but they bedtime stories that the parent our parents would read to us may have been our first exposure to books so books. Hello. Holli Would always be present in our world. There's so many wonderful fascinating ideas. They create a story with words with art with textures and with papers. Different themes and all of these add to the Wonder of the creation of a books of a book and I just think it's fabulous that we are delving into this area and creating these books sewing with cords and wax threads and you know embroidery threads and whatever were using to pull them together. Some of us may be using leathers and all sorts of interesting things seeing you to sew them together. You know, it's something really interesting to explore. Let's just think about what goes into making a book when you really think about it all the effort and energy put into making the papers that go into the book how much went on behind the scenes just to make that how about all the strings and the threads and the fastenings and the Bindings that went into that. That all the construction of that and the learn knowledge and applied knowledge to all of the things that belong inside of a book. It's just amazing when you think about it. Now when you get to the spine and the cover of the book when you think about how much thought has been put into the best way to construct the book so that it withstands used over the time over ages making it comfortable in the hand lightweight enough to carry and hold yet solid enough to feel worse. The other precious information that's on the inside. There's so much that goes into a book and I feel great reverence at all of those for all of those craft crafters and Artisans and bookbinders and book makers and people who did this crafts for so many years for so much time in our history as humans. You just think about it. It how much went into the craft of a book A book was a very precious thing many years ago. There were very few books. They were very few books around and those books that were around were absolutely cherished. These were precious items protected locked up only given to a few people only shared amongst possibly the rich or the wealthy or the politicians or you know, Religious it was definitely a certain pride and honor to be bestowed with a book and as time went on and that the printing press came around and it became much easier and less expensive to make books much less time-consuming that all of a sudden everybody could have a book and then books were quite commonplace and they were wonderful to have wherever you went. You had your school books with you and you had relaxation books so that you could read a novel or some fiction and just get lost in another world with your books, you know, so the book itself went through many Transitions and now we're going back to honoring the way books were made by hand many years ago in our junk journals. And even though we use different techniques and different types of paper and different threads and sewing strings. Buying them the art or the craft of actually creating the book from scratch is within our grasp. It's within our reach and we get to feel the joy and feel the glory of what it feels like to actually make one of these beautiful pieces of art of history. And I think that it's really a fabulous experience that I am so happy that so many people people are jumping on board with this craft that has evolved over time called Junk journaling that has possibly been branched off from scrap booking or keeps a books or Keepsake books or heirloom books or commonplace books daybooks Ledger logs. However, they came about I'm very grateful and very happy for it because it's simply wonderful that we can also enjoy this and we can do this with things that are found around our home very easy to access materials and we end up actually recycling a lot of things which is another plus we can take packaging and we can take old papers and turn them into something new and something that people might want to look at again and peruse again, and there is a there's a great joy in that a great sense of wonder. I think that we experience and it just it feels so good. It brings much pride and much joy to the creator of the one making these books. I think a lot of us have felt that as we create our our journals many of them. Maybe we're not so excited about maybe we're not so proud of maybe they came out a little goofy. Little off-kilter a little sideways a little not exactly straight. But you know what we still look at them and I'm sure at some level we feel the journey that we went on to create it and there's always always something to be learned in the journey whether the end result comes out perfect or not. It's not the end of the story. If every time we attempt to make something whether it's an embellishment for the book. Or whether it's the construction of the cover or it's a construction of a new technique possibly on a spine or possibly a new way to assemble the papers. I think that there is much joy and much learning to be found within those pages and within those materials and within those papers, so I encourage you to stay focused on that. Keep moving forward keep making your books create with Reckless. Abandon. Remember the fun can be simple. It can also be historical and it can be very important and it can be a beautiful way to keep an old craft going strong into the future by our junk journals. So take care everyone. I will be talking to you next time very soon on another fun junk Journal related topic and I look forward to your comments and your questions and come check me out on my YouTube channel called the paper Outpost. I am also found on Facebook. Paper Outpost and I also have a Facebook group, which you're welcome to join. It's a lot of fun. We do weekly and monthly challenges there. You can completely lurk and just watch to see what everybody else is doing or you can jump on in and have some fun as well. So there's that and you can also find me on Instagram and Pinterest and Twitter and Linkedin, so I look forward to connecting with you all very soon. Take care everyone and you have a happy crafting day. Take care. Bye bye. Bye.