Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs. I'm your host.McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show So feel free to send them to us directly at Sam and Josh stronger.com. Enjoy the show guys. This week on the indoor stronger podcast. We interviewed double Olympian and European silver. Medalist Elish. Mccolgan English is a Scottish middle distance Runner who represented team GB at the 2012 and 2016 Olympic Games and she's on track again to represent Great Britain this summer in Tokyo. We talked a little bit with ailish about her goals for Tokyo her biggest inspiration overcoming injuries and how she deals with poo. His nerves side note ailish is an awesome person to take advice from about this. She left straight from the Scottish University championships to the London Olympics at the age of 20 ailish also recruits how early in her career she overcame an injury so bad that one doctor mistook it for a motorcycle accident and told us she would never run at an elite level again. We also discussed the troubles female athletes face and the scrutiny and double standards that exist in the mainstream media. So side note Laura had stuck out halfway through this. Interview, so, you know you notice that she suddenly disappears and she has a little coughing fit around minute 16 that we can edit out but afterwards a leash and I continued our chat and we ended up having a pretty honest discussion about body shaming being in his bration and we spoke a little bit about her mum and Coach the former world champion lives mccolgan the main takeaway that I had from this interview is that a leash just doesn't overcomplicate things. She eats Whole Foods. She does a prehab and Rehab she runs hard and she simply aimed to get better every single. Listen are thoroughly enjoyed sitting down with her and there's some absolutely golden advice in this episode forerunners of all levels here is is episode 6 our interview with the one and only English mccolgan. Hello and welcome to the enjoy stronger podcast. This is episode was it three three? No, four five million really is and we are here with a leash mccolgan. He pretty much needs no introduction, but we'll give some to people that need it. So you are are the you're going for the 5,000 meters of 10000 m. Peters in Tokyo, 2020 you're a silver medalist at the European championships and you set a new personal best in is it donor? Is that how you pronounce it in English don't ya? Yeah, I'm currently in training for as I say take a 2020 you did do the 3,000 meter Steeplechase, but from my research, I think you don't do that anymore. And you just going for the 5K and 10K. Is that right? Yeah, so the Steeplechase was sort of the First event that I came into the other professional athlete and but yeah, unfortunately I had to give that up and back in 2015 now so yeah almost five years ago. And yeah, I haven't haven't been able to do it. So it's just unfortunately due to injury it was just yeah a little bit too taxing on my body after two surgeries. Yeah just didn't want to take the risk of trying to do the Steeplechase anymore. So I made the sort of difficult decision to switch to the flattery things no jumping and yeah, it's definitely the definitely paid off awesome. Yeah. We definitely want to come back to that later and I'd love to pick your brain. So I bought the still have you ever done the Steeplechase? I did it in school once and for the first two Steeples or whatever, they're called. It feels fine. And then your legs just go no, and it's just so like the idea of racing it for this especially in the times that you did it in English. I'm I was actually like I can't believe that she did that distance as a Steeplechase is just absolutely incredible. Um, so you're you are going for the 5,000 meter and the 10,000 meters in Tokyo. Is that right? Yeah, I mean, I'd like to attend Keys 10,000 years is very new to me on the track. The 5000 is definitely the event that sort of not that I love the most but just the one that I may be more comfortable with and I feel like I'm still waiting for a bit of a bigger personal best and maybe a little bit of a bigger breakthrough over that distance. So I don't want to turn it away completely, but I'm certainly aware that I'm very new to the 10,000 years. So I'd like to Try and keep my my options open as much as I can and just see I've got it will be a decision further down the line with me my court just to which one we really Target if not both because there's a lot of athletes that will actually be targeting borders events at the Olympic Games. A lot of athletes do it the world Champs the Olympics and there's enough time between the two events. So yeah, we'll keep our options open for now and see how things pan out. I think that's a good way to go into I think mentally for me if you Had two options, but you knew you were more confident in one that's good to just be like well, that would be good to get but this one I'm more confident actually, so you're pushing yourself in one with one that you're not too comfortable in and but then really as you say pushing yourself in the 5,000 meters, so the personal best that we've been looking at for your 5,000 meters is I mean just absolutely incredible and bit more struck with his 14 1446. Yep. It's absolutely amazing. So if we Looking for any personal best this year at the Olympics. Yeah. Yeah, I mean every year I think that's pretty much where I aim to in for really it's not I'm not an athlete that goes into Reese's evening for possessions because I think in this day and age it's very difficult with I supposed to know what's gonna be real and what's not real. So for me, I always just aim for personal best because I know that if I run my absolute fastest I give it my absolute all if that if I run a PB and I Come Away with first place I come over here with this. Please a complete with tens place 15th Place. It's still the best I could have possibly done and I think just mentally is the way that I feel best. I suppose it's the way that keeps me motivated. I think for competitions as is even to run a PB to run better than you've ever done before so certainly this year. Yeah, I'd love to try and continue that Improvement. Just even if it's small little bits of chipping off every year I aim to try and run a PB and I've I have done that pretty much over the last and since my my serious engine 2015. I've really come on Leaps and Bounds and continue to just make small improvements every single year and that's called that's what keeps you motivated to keep working hard and keep going for her the future years. I love that mindset so much. So absolutely amazing. Yeah, I was going to say that actually gives us a nice little segue into your major surgery that you had for your injury. So what actually it was it was this the broken Shin or was it? To and hamstring that you needed the surgery on. No, no. No mm. Mm. Yeah another engine. So 2011. I completely shattered my navicular bone in my left suit and so I was coming off the water jump and it was one of my first of televised racism the BBC's that was a big competition for me. I was really nervous about it. And it was my last chance to make and the world championship team and I had never been at that level of Ethics before so I was only I must have been 20 21 turn in and so I was really excited by the prospect of being in such a big race and 600 meters to go. I just sort of landed off the water jump and just felt something before that song and felt something shift a little bit in my food and then at the last water jump and I just I heard about of pop and my foot and I knew I'd never broke a bone in my life, but I knew instantly I had broken it and it was it was quite a bad break and I went into surgery but to see a doctor Story the next day. Day and he's died in a motorcycle accident. You can't believe that I'd done it through just running but it was just a bit of a freak accident to be honest. There was no I think it was just a few things happened on that day Jim and I had my specs on very tight. It was obviously way outside. I didn't have any socks on there was no sort of friction than the the shoe between my shoe in the skin and there was just yeah a few things that happened and all just happened in the one time and And from there they had to operate straight away and to reconstruct the middle part of my soup because I had pretty much no navicular bone and all the other bones were like moss around excited continued running for 600 meters on the on the broken foot. I know I find a blender. Yeah, like looking back now. I honestly don't know how they did it, but I just can't believe I continued running, but I was just so So determined I was on four key actually ran a PDI finished the race and run ipv a koala. I qualified for the World Championships. I got put on like my national governing body funding and yet I couldn't go to any of these competitions obviously because I was the next day unfortunately string into the hospital back home to have surgery. So yeah, obviously, I'm glad I finished the race because it's certainly sort of give me a bit of a helping hand because it was the first step onto As I said the funding from a national governing body and really did help me become a professional athlete from totally honest, but the same time it was my first major major injury that had to really sort of learn how to walk again with my new sort of reconstructed suit, and then finally build back running the surgeon actually told me that I wouldn't I wouldn't run again at League level. So yeah, it felt quite good just to make the Olympic Games less than a year later felt like a Sort of quite a big achievement and something that I'm probably most proud of to be honest even to this point in my career now, I'd say that year was yeah something that I'm really proud of the to the fact that I've overcome it and continued on in the sport. So I had this incredible achievement. Yes. I have five screws and a metal plate in my left foot and then a further two screws in there from another surgery in 2015. I broke my ankle and had to go through the whole book. This again so has been done and I've been a little bit of a nightmare for me my life. So but that's unfortunately when I had to leave the the Steeplechase behind because there was just no way that I could continue with the impact of the Steeplechase and the risk running the risk of it going again. I feel like yeah, there's only so many screws and plates that your body can take before you have to unfortunately let the let the sport when I think that's I think that's probably a wise choice with the amount of jumping. And Landing that you need to do in the Steeplechase, especially one-legged the amount of pressure that you're putting on what sounds like an already compromised for and we talked about this in because we do some like why did I feel hurt when we run sort of podcasts and that sort of thing. Your foot is such a complex structure and when one bit of it goes wrong it just because it's all connect. There's any bones and tendons and that sort of thing just the rest of it really quickly goes downhill and I'm with you in the, you know, terrible left foot Club because I had my ankle. Pretty severely broken when I played rugby. Tell them about the marathon and yeah, I can also say I can also relate a dish because I ran my first marathon on it about six weeks later not knowing that it was broken. Oh, yeah, and I bet yours is to get you know Government funding and qualify for the Olympics. Mine was just to qualify tip wonderful just to finish a marathon or something like that again something that the two of you have in common right? You just want to Stubborn better. Maybe it's a Scottish thing it like I'm half Scottish. Maybe that's just wanted to compete with yourself and just just get it done. Yeah, but yeah English is much more point and we've had this covid we've had this this conversation before because Runners do a lot of our clients of our listeners. They have a thing with injury there. Like I have this injury tell me how to get rid of it immediately and it's like you really have to take a step back and say is this worth it? Yes, you won't be able to see the magazine you signed up for a maybe you've already paid the hotel and with uh, I think you know, Olympics has what that's the Pinnacle level area and especially if you were to did you say you're about 20 something like that? Yeah. Yeah, so I was first Olympic Games I would have been 21 and so this major injury was a year just be there before that sure. So you're you haven't your career hasn't even started yet and an opportunity like that. I think there's very few people that wouldn't have tried to cover Conley. Yeah, so but and and the present the strength of mine, I think in all know that's a good decision. But yeah when you got guys saying like my local marathon and I really want to beat the guy down the road though. That's what thing is. Like. Yeah. You should probably just Just stay at home that day but no that's that's an incredible. That's incredible injury to come back from so can I kick out and ask a few 50 years. So I mean, I've rehabbed a few, you know fractures and severe ankle sprains of people that are doing sort of ultra running and long-distance running and intense running careers like yourself, but I know how much dedication it takes and how much motivation it takes to do all these exercises on such a regular basis. Did you have a complex? Ex physio routine that you had to do day-to-day or what was your rehab plan? Like he has for the first time my first sort of told you that I had in 2011 and I actually didn't really have much visual guidance because I was I wasn't really part of I see that I was on funding program, but I wasn't really part of that just yet. So I didn't really have access to I suppose. That sort of Basics videos and the people that really understood they the injury so I just had some local physios back home that we're sort of helping in and out and so my program was a bit mismatched and I think that's why it did take me a long time to actually get back finally running. And actually I had pain in that suit from right the way through from 2011 rate the way up to about end of 2014. I was still in quite a lot of pain when I was running and I think that's Probably because yeah, I didn't really follow the correct we have plan for what I should have been doing. And what is the difference in 2015 where the world apart by then? I mean I did the surgeon that did my operation was a sports surgeon and his single to footballers and loads of other athletes as well and just the recovery time from that was so much less and I saw a physio that I've been working with now and literally didn't Even though I see him he was part of British assault of Works partly for British Athletics and partly himself up in Manchester. And again, just having that proper rehab routine. I was back into things so much quicker and the second time around and I think I probably learned from a lot of my mistakes the first time around as well, but it was very intense. We did a lot of the first injury with the regards to the suit fracture. The navicular actually went down to And a b which is where a lot of sports people get sent for an intensive week. And that was the biggest help I think for me. They really helped about proper rehab program routine for me to follow almost every single day and I did I did follow it religiously and it was very small things very small movements with the suit. It might be me just being trying to wiggle my big toe and to move it ya reactions with their bands and things like that. But these little movements made a big difference when it when it came to the The the bigger picture and I started off running on like a little trumpet and that was the first time we were sort of introducing almost a little bit of of impact and movements through the suit. I then obviously eventually got back onto a spin bike and aqua dog and the girl pretty much daily and then eventually back onto the cross trainer of which actually do quite a lot a majority of my training now is actually on the cross trainer and just to reduce the impact, but still keep that Cardiovascular system working so it's been a long process. I think of working finding which we have works for me. But yeah, I'd say the second time around was was much easier. I think you learn from learn from mistakes you get better advice and people that understand the sport and the I suppose the being an athlete. It's very specific domain. You're almost following rehab not just to become a human again, but to try and compete At such a high level. So it's takes a little bit extra and maybe working specific rehab to really get to that final Point. Yeah, and we really like we're really nodding enthusiastically because a lot of the conversations that we have with listeners and athletes. We like look a physio can see you for a 30 minute session, but I think a lot of people expect when you hire a physio rehab specialist to Outsource that rehab and not have to do anything yourself and it's like look rehab exercises are really boring. And you have to like I had to go up onto my toes and then slowly back down again for how long after a very very your toes wiggle my toes bend it howls and it's boring and it makes me think of your I think I saw a posting to Twitter about you know, it's about discipline everyday simple disciplines practiced every day. And and yeah your foot won't feel better if you do your rehab exercises once or even twice but if you if you do them every day then your rehab Going to be totally different from someone who who just doesn't do them. So so yeah, it's really cool that you say that because it's the boring stuff that takes the discipline like running great and you know, we saw in a lot of your interviews that you just you absolutely love to run and everyone loves to run and who does it consistently and that's great. But you need to be willing to do the boring stuff I guess is what we're saying. Yeah, I think the Runnings day obviously the easy part and the part that everyone enjoys so it's it's not a chore to go out the door and do something that you love to do. But yes, certainly when you're coming back from an injury. This small little things are I suppose tedious Journey. You don't really enjoy doing them. It might take 10 minutes of your time, which really isn't very long in the grand scheme of things, but it's still just knuckling down for those 10 minutes to actually get it done. But I think once you perhaps get a little bit of an improvement, certainly gives you the encouragement to keep doing those small things don't mean I think if you can get into a good routine for me, I used to find that writing down in a little daily sort of diary Journal mentally allowed me to sort of quantify what I've been doing it every single day and every single week and see the small Improvement my phone that I found that really encouraging I think from maybe if I didn't if I wasn't able to see that to write it down I would think maybe In two weeks time. I hadn't really made much progress because I'm still not running don't mean it took me months to finally get back running again. Actually when I look at it, I could see that the week before I mean, I couldn't even move my suits at all had no movement in it whatsoever from the surgery because it's maybe saw and then I had no feeling in it and then the next week it was like I had the feeling back I could maybe wiggle my big tall doing it. Looks like a small thing. But at the time that was that was sort of a bit of a milestone the bit of a stepping stone towards my final goal of getting back running and it just haven't Small little sort of intermediate goals. I cant drawn down in my diary and also just keeping track of year the days that I did my rehab so I could see actually yeah, I'm making improvements to your domain. It is working. Something's helping. I found that quite encouraging to keep me going. I think that's a great idea. I what I what we encourage people to do is to put to have little blocks like those little books that you used in mass in at school likes gridded paper and you just color in one of the blocks when you've done it and you have a grid If you have paper clips in a jar that you move from one doctor to another when you have a visual representation of the work in putting in when it's something is slow and tedious is rehab is sometimes I think that's better. So switching Switching gears a bit. I've always wanted to ask I love asking Olympians this because ever since I was little when he starts to do sports or anything like that when I was on the track at school when I was getting ready with the starting gun to go off. I just felt so nervous and every time I watched the guys in the Olympics track or even European championships, We're really big race. I just look at them and I'm just like take like 10 seconds before the gun goes off. Like how do you deal with the nerves like you're in a massive specially something like London 2012. I mean, I remember it everyone remembers how much hope there was and how far in front but he hands out State, you know Fuller with a dates and meeting with a GB vest on and everything. How do you do you have like a massive for how you cope with your pre-race nerds mean do you get them like before you before a big race? You're weirdly enough. I think the London 2012 was a huge step up in competition for me. Like I'd gone from competing at the Scottish University championships in Green's mouth with about five people in the stands today in qualifying for the Olympic Games and it all happened very quickly for me after the surgery to then sort of getting back running again. I was sort of shocked to be back re saying and then next thing was I qualified for the Olympics and so I was sort of thrown in at the deep end and Hadn't really appeared fuli for what that consisted of Jemaine again. I've watched the Olympic games on TV. I mean my mom's been to London X and one of medals the like I had all the sort of advice around me. But until you're actually physically there's you just aren't prepared for the noise in the stadium the buzz the build up towards it and so I remember going out into the for my race and just being absolutely petrified. I've just never been so scared in my life to the point where when they called my name. I thought it was going to start crying on the line. Like I just felt really overwhelmed really scared don't even like an incredible experience. Obviously. It was something that will always stay with me and something I'll always remember but there was just a fear a supposed to say across me thinking. Oh my God, this is this is it like this is the Olympic Games and I just I ran sort of quite I say around thoroughly. I mean there wasn't any real expectations on me. And even getting there was it was an achievement in itself at that point in my career and after coming back from the engine things. So there was no real emphasis on police's or to make the I mean if I'd made the final that would have been like a huge achievement in itself. It would have been far with the level of athlete that I was so but I didn't run very well at all. I mean I was disappointed with my performance and it was probably one of the maybe the slowest times or Worse racist. Maybe I draw my year and I remember thinking on the Boston the way home that I'd sort of met the opportunity during that it was really just because of the nerves I said God have worked so hard to get back to this point and I started let it go because I got nervous and so from that on that point on all those said to myself that I would never get into that sort of State again. And to be honest. I actually haven't ever it never happened again, I think maybe because it was a home game. It was a British crowd in a British race in London. Nothing is ever really got to that sort of level or of noise and excitement within the stadium ever again and I think in a way it's helped me because it's about would be the absolute Pinnacle. I think I'll never really get that again in my career. So every competition I've gone into now. I've been quite not relaxed course I get still a little bit nervous, but now I always try to use the nerves as a good thing to think of right you've worked hard to be here. Let's not let this overpower you the work done by this point. If you can't get a sitter, you also can't lose Fitness at this point and at the ends of the running is simple Germany is literally Putin 1/2 in front of the other that you do every single day. So why overcomplicate it why let your mind run wild with it because it's something that yeah, I love to do I go outside and whether I'm training on every day and whether I'm shining on a big circle and Dundee or I'm training a big circle and Rio de Janeiro or in Tokyo where ever is in the world. I'm just running. Around in circles, but one spoon from the other and so there's no point in yeah, there's no point in complicating it and making it seem more exciting than it really is because it's something I do every day. I think that's that's pretty awesome advice because we get a lot of questions. Like how do I deal with race day nerves is and is one foot in front of the other and there is a very outset it's all outside of your locus of control up until the point where you've trained. So I guess that sort of leads to the next question so We wanted to know like what's the best part about being a full-time athlete? So obviously you say you love to run and and your whole life. It seems you're sleeping you're eating your training and regime your travel schedule that sort of thing is focused on being a full-time Runner. What's what's the best thing about it? And of course, it's great being able to obviously do something that you love full time. But for me, I also love to travel like I love visiting new places and seeing new things and just traveling to different corners of the world and the sports allowed me to do that. I mean without the sport I would never Revisited half the countries that have and it's just seeing some of the yeah, the beautiful locations around the world and being able to run there to train there is almost a stomachache really for me and I think every year we try to at the end of season. Besides once I set my mind running season's over me and my boyfriend tried to go to somewhere that we've maybe never been before our maybe being too not had the chance to actually explore because although we do get to travel as you said it really is just eat sleeping and running. So, I mean, I went to India before for example back in 2008 was one of the first ever competitions I did for Scotland as a seventeen-year-old. I did become a huge game and I think we were there for maybe a week but I didn't see anything of India. I literally was in for the competition. We stayed in this little sort of little village of a hotel and for the Commonwealth and then that was it we were flown straight back out and that was our Indian experience. I thought cause it's somewhere that I'd want to go back in. Yeah and just see part of it like see the Taj Mahal and just spend time in that country. And of course just see there are different culture. And so this year actually was started last year 2018. It took me 11 years to go back that actually be a tourist for once and see it from a different angle. So I'd say yeah, I do the side that I enjoy the most from the sport is probably the location but that running takes me to and support the people that you meet along the way it was a lot of like-minded people that are quite inspiring to be around and to train alongside that certainly encourages you to keep pushing as well. You okay? Yes. That's great. If it was me I'd say that would be pretty cool too. So that's the best part. What's the worst part about being a full-time athlete? I'd say there's probably no real time, too. Escape from the sport because it is is a still time I feel time job effectively is through every movement that you make is really all towards the ultimate goal of running your fastest time out and Olympic games are all championship and there's there's never really a year off. I mean a lot of people outside of the sport think there's the Olympic Games and then that you do nothing for the next four years showing you just sent us at the Olympics when unfortunately, it doesn't it doesn't work like that like ever Single year, we've got a major championship team for whether that's the Olympics the world European the Commonwealth Games. And I mean this year we have the Olympics and the Europeans and pretty much back to back. So there's always a big goal to sort of in for and Achieve for and all of your sort of funding is always geared towards performance as well. So if you pick up an injury or an eagle or an illness that wipes out a season, it can be quite stressful because that it's almost your job. Jimmy are not able to do Do your full-time job you rely on that for financial to put a roof over your head to buy your food. So if you can't go out and do your job because of injuries or illnesses. I think that's probably quite a hard part to deal with as well and I see injuries certainly are probably one of the most difficult things for for athletes and just because of the time you can have out the sport. I mean, I had the whole of pretty much majority of All of 2015 out from my ankle surgery pretty much a lot of 2011-2012 as well and and it's difficult to come back from that playing catch-up all the time and to try and get back to the I suppose you're under pressure to get back to where you were before under the fastest time possible that you can get back to the time restraints between that so it can be a little bit tricky but I see for me the hardest part is being away from family and friends. I mean in a year, I'd probably see my family maybe once or twice throughout the year for maybe a weekend time and so is a lot of time away from them and you miss birthdays and weddings. And I mean, I've saw I think my group of friends I could have been to one wedding and I messed my best friend's wedding a couple of years ago again, just because I was on a training camp with the GB team and I actually missed my own mom's weird and she got remarried. And then my it again story and when would that have been God years ago now, but again, I was on a training camp the GB team. It's moments like that. You sort of think it's it's ashamed I mean that's that's one of the sacrifices. I think that's one of the hardest things I think for me personally amidst all the injuries and illnesses and all that sort of stuff and I'd say yeah not being around your family is probably the hardest part of that. I think if anyone understand to be your mum though for missing weddings and and that sort of sort of things but still really tough miss those sort of occasions. Yeah. I think I'm very fortunate. Obviously my boss my Mom and Dad aren't together anymore, but both my mom and dad were professional athletes my dad as well. So when my boyfriend is a he's been to three Olympic Games, so I'm surrounded by people that are my family are in the sport during the understand the sport and you understand the sacrifices that come with it. So I mean even to be honest, my friends are the people that I met and my running called as well. So again, they have a few appreciation of what I do and they understand what it takes in order to become an Olympian or to go to world championship and things. So this really appreciate that. Yeah, I can't make weddings and birthdays and things like that but I suppose it's just from my my part. I think I probably feel a bit more gilja better than they do. They really understand that is why I need to do but I think yeah sometimes for me I think oh, I wish I had I wish I could be there or wish I could do something and but this year actually we went for had a two-week family holiday and I just came back from Ashley all around America and it was one of the best things I've done just actually being able to spend a full two weeks with my family and taking them to some locations that I've been to and T. We went to the Grand Canyon. I went to New York and then we finished up in Orlando it. They world and Universal and things so it was cool to just switch. I mean I still trained I had three races out there and things so it wasn't like I wasn't I wasn't running but it was nice to just expose be around your loved ones and switch off a little bit and I'm running was this when you did the Disney World take it. Hey, yeah, we saw that on your UK Athletics rusted. We were just like yeah races and then it was like Walt Disney 10K Did you dress up when you did it? Yeah. No, I didn't know it was quite a last-minute decision because we didn't actually know that the researchers were well, I actually knew the reasons going ahead but they were all fully booked at the time. So I just assumed but we wouldn't it was booked up but the organizer had was actually someone who organized my mum's World Records when she ran the world record back in Orlando and women in the Or something and it was the same race director and she messaged in I can't believe that you're you're in Orlando because you saw I had posted on social media that I was looking for and the first extractor trained on in Orlando. There's very strict rules know about school tracks that you the public can access them. So I was trying to find an opening sort of public track that I could go on use and she has emailed and said, oh my God, are you any relation to Liz mccolgan? And I said, yeah, it's my mom. Um my coach and then she said, oh we were recently like horse the Disney 5K 10K and myosins. Would you would you like to come along and Reese one morning? So it was just literally by chance and she asked if I would come along and restore I did it in my mom did it and my brother did as well as first over 10-K for the fever in the morning. It wasn't quite there the holiday that my siblings were hoping for they all stayed in bed actually, but my Mom myself my boyfriend and my little brother we all got up and did the race and we absolutely loved it was a great experience really good fun. Lord's people dressed up. It was cool just to run around the parks pretty much in the dark. It was very very dark at that time in the morning. There's no lights throughout the park. So it was yeah, I really a strange strange race. But yeah the great opportunity and something that will always remember Brr, that sounds that sounds really lovely. Actually, I think it would be lovely to run a running race with my sister and my mom before but to do it all together, especially in a like Disney World, that would be that would be awesome. Okay. Well do one question that we did have a dish in this is completely flip-flopping here. So obviously you said that you did some work on the cross trainer to help with like the impact on your foot and stuff like that. Do you do anything? Do you do any strength training in the gym on sort of a regular basis? Yeah, I mean I have a very basic I wouldn't say it's strength work. I'd call it more rehab as in the sense of it's really just body weight work that I do. I do a lot of Thera-Band. So quite like clams crab walks stability then do yeah, I then squatting lunging a few sort of drills like that, but nothing of any sort of heavy weight. I mean I do have Actually wouldn't go a Smith machine for the house just because I find that for squatting I have really bad. I don't know if it's from maybe from the surgery in my suit by I can't get into a squat position. I really do struggle and just the flexibility and my sort of ankles and feet is awful. Whereas I find in the messaging that could get me into a good squat position without hurting anything. So I do yeah, very basic lunges squats. usually around twice a week and then a whole little sort of core routine plank sit-ups all those sort of things as well with a Swiss ball, but there's nothing really I'd say I was class as I can a real big Jim Racine I start again and the house I have like a kind of what you'd call them leg extension hamstring curl have one of those as well, so I do baby sick gym work and but I find This activates the muscles that I need to activate and continues to keep me strong enough to allow me to do I need to do which is run is definitely an area that I would I sort of feel like I definitely need to develop. But yeah, I suppose my first priority is just trying to get back to build in Double D running was at the moment. I've only run once a day for the last six years now, so I need to really try and build up my mileage and to Doubleday run and that's been real priority this year to try and build them some of those extra miles. So it's actually pretty awesome that you that you still at the level that you're at was just trying to say just training once once a day and not doing those double days that sort of thing. But no, we always ask especially athletes who come on the show. Well if they have a strength training routine because it's it's like a third of basically that the protocol that we teach teach for runners, but really before I think a lot of people think that they need to do sort of bail. And we're sort of strength training but from running if you're doing it to support your running. It's really quite simple as you say it's squats lunges and deadlifts and you can if you have one kettlebell one Dumbo you can load them. But really as you've been talked about what you're eating it's about stabilizing muscles. So making sure that you're not that you're minimizing your hip Rock and getting as you say that you call work and that sort of thing and making sure that you're preventing injury. That's the priority. I definitely felt a difference even just doing like really Lee simple Thera-Band strengthening around glutes and hips. I mean, I've even noticed a difference with my own with my own sort of strive in the way that I feel when I'm running I certainly feel like I've got more control through through the core and hips and that's just from doing such small basic exercises again, some people look at and go John Randolph the time to do it, but even if it's just 10 minutes of your time every couple of days, it really does make a big difference. Yeah, that's it. I think a lot of people when they think of Trent's training and That for running as I said, there's they think that it's going to be some kind of like 3 hours a week sort of thing. But really just 10 minutes a day even just walking around the house on your toes that sort of stuff can really improve like your ankle stability and your cough strength that sort of stuff. So yeah, I think I think that's a good example of someone who you know, you can beat a really high level. You don't need to make it, you know more complicated I would say so what about this is a sort of our last sort of piece of the puzzle expose from our sort of methodology. What about your nutrition? How much attention do you pays your nutrition apart from the general making sure that you get enough calories in to support your training. Do you have do you have a nutrition that like a nutritionist on your squad or or tell me more about that? I'm not at all. I think I may be quite unusual in the sense that my my little team my really just there's me there's my mom who's my coach and there is my boyfriend who sort of acts as like a standing coach because my mom lives in Qatar, so he's the one that sort of down at the track the stopwatch and in the pissin rain when we go out and drink like keeping me and so he's the ones of D2D really really helping out. And I mean I have my physical Chris who's based in Manchester, and I'm actually it's really just off like we don't have I don't really have anyone else but that I would see as part of my team and help so honor sort of daily or weekly basis with regards nutrition. I've never had never really worked with a nutritionist. I know they have one of British Athletics and it helps with the few things as I've been law and iron obviously helping me out with iron supplements to help. Help try and get that off and things like that. But I've just always found that I don't know for a for an addition of Buddha again. I never want to like overcomplicate it. I'm not someone that has to worry about both my wheat in any wage and I'm very fortunate that I am quite small. I've been small pretty much my whole life no matter how much I eat. I just don't put on weight the way that other athletes do so, I mean, it's good in a way. So it allows me to sort of be a little bit more. With my nutrition what food I have throughout the day, but yeah, it might be an area that I really need to focus on the knuckle down on a little bit more if I start moving towards the marathon and really looking at things in a little bit more detail. But yeah, just keep it very simple. I probably have the same breakfast pretty much every morning. I'll have porridge milk a whole lot of berries and a banana and lunch will be some sort of beagle with check-in. I've coddled egg and then evening meals. I'll just rotate every every night. So we'll be something different whether it's I don't know teriyaki salmon with rice or the next day all be potatoes and something the meats. I just alternate every night and I also need the carbohydrates and as well, so there's nothing that I really restrict myself or diet or anything. I don't feel like I need I really need to some totally honest and I think for me it's making sure. Getting enough calories that I stay a good enough way and don't really pick up any illnesses or injuries from dropping dropping. Anyway. Yeah, that's the thing. I think I think with the smaller athletes that I've coached specially endurance athletes. You just need to watch that you're getting enough calories into support, you know, optimal brain function and making sure that that your fuel in your training and enough because it's I've lost count of the number of guys who have come to me and said, you know, Train has just gone into the hole basically over the last six months just look at them. They're probably in like a thousand calories less than they should be and what he puts up with it for a lot for a long time. But after after a while for ECG about six months there just goes to night. You know what I'm not going to play dice anymore. But as you say if you if you if you've always performed a good meaning you only training once a day at the moment and you're still going to Tokyo and still saying P bees and stuff then it's one of those well if it's not broke don't fix And you have like as a professional athlete as well. I think people really underestimate how much as you say how much how many balls are in there in terms of sponsorship in terms of managing your training and try to stay injury free. So, yeah, I mean, I think I think a lot of people overcomplicate nutrition anyway, like if you're getting enough fruit and vegetables in and getting enough calories in you'll really like you're doing about 80 percent of the work and there's some stuff that can you know with carbohydrates amounts and things like that but with Runners and it's space either calories carbohydrates micronutrients Yeah, I think a lot of people are always very shocked at how much I eat. But every time I go on like a training camp becomes a God, you're just constantly eating all the time and like my portion sizes are always really big but I don't know that's just me. I've just always been able to do that. And I totally appreciate that other athletes might not be able to do that Jim and I know that some athletes on the team that really really have to be very strict on what they eat in order to sort of maintain a certain re sweet, but It's been forever reason. I'm very fortunate. I just don't really have to do that and it's weird even amongst my own family. Like my mum is is quite similar in a way and two of my brothers are they identical? I mean the the eat non-stop my brother eats like an absolute bear and there's just nothing on him at all. Like he's getting born. Whereas my other two siblings are a little bit different there much sort of bigger built than me and my other two brothers. So it's even with an R1 family. We've got quite a Us of genetics and for whatever reason yeah, we just seem to just born whatever I I sort of I eat but I always difficult one because I always get asked by some young kids on social media about hope that home ice or skinny or what do I eat or die I must not eat any chocolate. I must not be any cake and it's it's difficult for me to give advice because everyone's different shapes don't mean everyone's got different body types, but I don't have to cut out the sort of treats or the bits of And things that I like to have in my diet, but the same time I'd say I am very healthy with regards to the way that we cooking Live Jim and I cook everything from scratch. So it's not like I'm going out and having to take away every night. You're having a McDonald's for my lunch every day, Jim and me and my boyfriend cook all of our food from scratch. We make our own sources. So we have like nice nutritious meals every single evening, but if that means jumping I want a bit of dessert and I have a bit of a red velvet cake or a bit of chocolate. A desert then I'm walking off that I can do that without compromising. I suppose my performance Germany having a treat every evening is not going to make any difference to the way that I run. Of course. I do appreciate that. There are athletes that do have to be a little bit more meticulous and a little bit more strict with was there their diets and what they eat but I'd say as you said if you're getting the basics, right you're getting enough enough nutrition and throughout the day you're focusing on so many fresh fruit. Vegetables with pretty much every meal and some good protein in their carbohydrates fats. I mean, if you're taking all those boxes, then there really is there's nothing to worry about and if your body's functioning, well, you're having a regular period every single months and that's all you can ask for you know that you're in a healthy State and obviously performance as an indicator as well. Yeah. I say that to a lot of this a great point to pick up with female athletes, especially if you mind you it's athletes it's like a it's like a war. In in like that you get on your car dashboard if your period stops basically then then something's up. It's okay. Yeah, you're under Fuel and because it's just basically your body doesn't think that it's got enough calories to reproduce. So it just stopped bothering with your menstrual cycle. And that is part of What's called the female athlete Triad which can someone might have spoken to you about before I'm sure there's like experts in UK UK who know and try and manage the female athletes in there because it's because women are quite lucky in that they have and men have their own. And signals to that women have a if your period starts there's like no there's definitely something wrong. So yeah, that's that's actually a cool thing to include in the podcast because we're trying to open up those dialogues especially around I think the conversations around female athletes at the moment. I becoming a lot more interesting. I should be saying that becoming a bit wiser to the unique sort of challenges that female athletes face. Okay. I think I remember we're doing our research on your mum mentioning, you know that she got dropped from a contract because she became pregnant. Point is that right? Yeah, that was it was when she became pregnant with me actually. All right. Yeah, so so and that's there's a lot more conversations around things like that around things like, you know body shaming and things like that. I think female sits have to put up with and and then not so much but obviously that can that can happen in those instances. So yeah, I think it always surprises me when with mainstream media as well around athletes that the amount that they've got to say about bodies and The assumptions that some people make because I suppose as a practitioner of sort of got a window in that you can see someone who's pretty lightweight but eats like an absolute horse. Like I know keeping their food Diaries and then you get someone who's, you know, may be considered to be more of a powerful athlete and they still have three quite a lot but not as much as you'd think and that's it. Just think that yet the assumptions around all she must do this or he must do that kind of need to stop. So, yeah. It's a lot of pressure and a lot of like, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's probably one of the biggest things on social media as well. I mean I can I will post a picture of me or my sponsors will post a picture and I always get a comments in or you shouldn't be posting a picture of this girl cause she she doesn't eat she must she must be anorexic or she must starve herself and it frustrates me reading it because obviously these people know nothing about me at all and of course, I know that I'm a healthy athlete I get my period every single Jemima bodies, my bone density is very high. I've never had any issues with that. So obviously my body is functioning quite well. It's got no issues at all. And I'm also performing as well. So do me. Of course. I'm going to be a little bit smaller than the general public but I've always looked like this from the age of 12. I mean, this is just my natural body shape and there are people out there that will have similar body shapes. You mean everyone's of different sizes and shapes and that's totally cool. But as you said, I think it's just the general way. Ernest that just from a picture you can't just tell that someone is on healthy or not. And I think that frustrates me because then it would never want young other young female athletes or even young boys to look at it and think oh God, she must not eat or she must have to starve herself in order to be on the Olympic team and that's just not the case at all. I mean when you work around all the athletes and on a start line of the professional professional athletes on at the Olympic Games every single one of those athletes is in tune. Everybody and that's why they're there to remain there. That's why they're the ones that made it to the start line Jimmy. They're making sure that their body is working at the optimum conditions, but they're also a few improperly their hydrating properly. They're recovering properly German. They're doing everything right and that's how they're consistently competing at a high level. Unfortunately when you're not doing those things, right and when you're even if you're not doing one of those things right you get caught out and you unfortunately don't make it quite to the maybe the level that you could potentially me because you were looking after Self correctly so I think there's probably a lot of Education that needs to I suppose that's just the general public. So I mean that aren't really in the sport and maybe don't quite understand the ins and outs of professional Elite Performance, but I am a so that's one of the downsides of social media unfortunately is that you're constantly up against scrutiny and people's appearance what it seems to be only women that are more well certainly more targeted than than a man for example or a professional athlete. That's me. It's always seems to be the female athletes are the ones that their appearance gets dragged into it for for no real reason. Yeah, I would totally agree. Like if you look at there's loads of pictures of Mo Farah running where his you know, he he's body fat solo. His muscles are like straight it on his on his size and weight, especially when he runs with a shirt off and he's got obviously he's a distance Runners an athlete like yourself. I've never heard someone comment on his low body fat, which is extremely low. No, not at all, you know and it's just like well and if you did they would just say well he's a runner it's like well and it's just a runner too and it's on the opposite end of the spectrum. Like I said, I'm a British weightlifting coach. I used to coach Olympic weightlifting in the upper end of the weight classes for Olympic weightlifting. You get some seriously big dudes and and big got a big girls as well. And in that sort of sport you can have a higher ratio of body fat much higher ratio of body fat and you need an Athletics the guys who compete in the bin. You know the plus weight categories nothing is said about their weight. But if you look at if someone posts a picture of a girl from those weight classes the the upper end like weight class is lifting. It's always like she's not an athlete. She's fat. She's this and it's like yeah, it's like yeah, it's a double standard and I think that like you say and it just shows like from your mum sort of we were being dropped by a sponsor major sponsor because she was pregnant. They would just be an outcry about that now if it happened or I would definitely hope that would be so So yeah, it's definitely a conversation that needs to happen. It just sucks that you have to you know, when you just want to get your head down and run and focus on your sport you have to do a crab like that. Yeah, I suppose there's there's positives and negatives because everything in the world that I think that's probably the the downside is social media the same time. I mean social media has brought me a lot of great opportunities and it's I enjoy sharing what I'm doing with I suppose with other people and if if it helps one young kid coming through the sport and to sort of see my journey and see what I'm doing then then great German that the benefits of it, but the same time there's always going to be one or two people that sort of ruin it for her. One else. But yeah, so that is part and parcel of life, really and unfortunately, that's the dining table social media is but yeah as you say I think I think some people are too quick to dismiss social media, like if like you're probably reaching so many, you know, young girls who have always been smaller as well and they're thinking, you know, she's coming up to, you know, her late twenties and starts that you're crushing it going to Tokyo and stuff. You know, it's pretty cool. I must be pretty cool to be an inspiration. Oh, yeah, I got a lot of actually really really nice messages from boys and girls and certainly when I started when I spoke out about the body shaming comments and it might have missed that I had from kids was like heartbreaking and there's a few young boys that were saying they get bullied at school for being for being skinny and not being muscular and so one little boys than or equal to the gym and he tries to lift up all the weights and he started taking all the proteins and supplements and he just said it. It was nice to have a professional athletes of stick up for themselves as they actually some people are just naturally quite small during like that's the way people are built. They say they will give them a bit of confidence knowing that there are other people like that and it's just it's horrible to read during this was hard being the young kids actually going through that and thinking that I mean, I'm an adult so I can take it doesn't make any difference to me. I'll still go around my my daily business and get on with the job that I love to do. But yeah, it's just horrible to hear that Joe million kids in school. Some kids are bullied. For something so simple you mean they're just naturally born like that. There's nothing they can do about it. That's their shape their build and but then equally I had a lady messaged me saying I can't remember her exact weight, but she said something like she was 23 stone or something and that she just finished. I think she had just done her third Meyerson and she signed up to do Wonder next year and people were saying to her. Oh and you're too fat to run you shouldn't be outside running because they're too far and bothered by needs to lose weight. Just just horrible comments from the other side thereof is the same thing. It's body shaming and who's to say that just because she's bigger than someone else that she isn't a runner. Oh, she's getting out the door. She's putting her trainers on and she's a waste of there are third myosin which is probably a hell of a lot more than what these people are sitting at home tourneur about so it just kind of happens to everyone and all sorts of levels. And as I said, I think that's just one of the downsides of social media, but the same time it's those sort of positive messages. That you do get through this sort of keep you keep you sharing things because you often get a lot of people say no while why'd you bother end and we may as well just switch off your legs and just not share anything at all, but you're talking one or two people out of hundreds of women and if you can help one or two kids and even adults during if you can give them a little bit of inspiration and motivation to go the door and to go train and then who's just doing why should you stop that? And I think it's cool. Nesting is that you can speak to Whoever you want to really contact you mean when I was growing up. I would love to be able to message Paula Radcliffe for Kelly Holmes or doing any of those Runners I watch going up and it's incredible to think know that you can do another type of your phone. You can see what they're up to. You can see people theaters. You can contact them. If you've got any questions, of course, they might not reply to but you still got an opportunity to possibly speak to these people and a lot of people do during a lot of people I see Kelly Holmes replying to people all the time you think why was I was a kid? God I would have lost my mind of someone like that had replied to me. So I suppose it's that you hoped to inspire us the are one or two kids and make a difference and I think it's worth it. Yeah, I think I'm actually we're going to be at the national running show in London in June and Kent Dame. Kelly Holmes is going to be there and I'm really looking forward to me and now she's actually replied to one of my Instagram comments once did she was doing a what's called a search a squat. So she she does a lot of Barber work and I trained at now and I've literally been shown some That day and I replied tag, my friend and said this is what I was talking about and she actually replied and I was like that's really cool. But double gold medalist, you know replied Curtis by training is like by yeah, definitely had a bit of a geek out and when I meet her in June, I think I'm definitely going to be definitely going to be like, oh my God Stan Kenny Jones Is Awesome. Okay, so that kind of leads me but I don't want to be respectful of your time ago. So we're just we usually finish off with like a sort of quick fire question round. If you're cool with it, obviously, so we're just going to just just going to say a couple things. You just say basically the first thing that came in the comes into your head and food speaking about Paula Radcliffe and then Kelly Holmes. The best one I think would be to who's your biggest inspiration in running or otherwise? I am do I sound really cheesy but for me and my biggest Inspirations, definitely my mom I think in this day and age when there's so much controversy around and doping and I didn't all agree retreating. Even shoes are no common is the question. I just feel very sort of proud to have had someone like that in my life that I know became a world champion and Olympic silver medalist through Own hard work Jemaine. I just know that it was hard on the start line. It was hard that Chief those medals and for me that's a huge inspiration German. It gives me this sort of motivation and that little Pooch to know that it is possible. Do you mean it's obviously going to be very difficult up against drug cheats or those sort of things, but the same time you might get lucky Joe. I mean the might be an opportunity there you sneak a medal you have a good performance and Pose for achieving her clients as well like she began I think her PB for ten Keys 10,000 meters of 3057. So I know she cheats at the cleaner, but for me, I'd love to try and strive to break 31 minutes. I'd be a big goal for this year. So I'd say yeah, my mom's definitely one of my biggest Inspirations. I know how hard I mean I've seen firsthand in her Diaries how hard she worked in the lead up to the world championships in Tokyo when she wanted and she came into one. Yeah, and I mean she has me in November 1990. So to less than a year later to win a world championship to get herself into 31 minutes sheep is is just incredible even just not even just doesn't ask him to come back as a mother and do that. And yeah, I think she'll always be the biggest inspiration for me. I think it's nice to have that advice now throughout my career to have someone that's been there and done it to guide me, but also know that she did it the right way. I think that for me that's one of the Most important parts. Yeah, that's I mean that is pretty awesome. I didn't know is that tight turnaround after having you that you wonder that she won the World Championships over it for anyone who doesn't know a leash is my name is Liz mccolgan who won it was the world champion in 1991, but she's literally like that's who Beyonce was singing about when she said strong enough to Bear the children and then get back to business. That's your mum. So yeah, that's awesome that your mom's your biggest inspiration. I love that. Okay your favorite race. They've ever run I'd see sort of two for me. I think London 2012 was just an incredible experience. Although it wasn't the best performance for me. I think nothing will ever top that being a home games with a home crowd and being a British athlete and start laying living being. Yeah General is just because that was my first major championship. I had messed up through the world championship the year before so for me, it was just such a big step up in competition. I just couldn't really believe it. Going from being a student at University who was probably drinking five times a week and eating kebabs that Fuller in the mornings and then a year later decided that I was going to become a professional athlete. I really knuckled down at the end of 2011 just the former major in G, but after the injury, I just was a different person. I just completely focused and channel then on trying to make that Olympic Games and it was all a bit of a pipe dream. So it's actually make it. I'd almost shocked myself and gone Way Beyond what I even thought was possible. Jamel never thought I would do it and yet here. I was on the start line. I am but I'd see with actual performance wise I'd say my medal the Europeans and 2018 or the 5,000 meters of my first I'd want to meddle in doors, but this was my first outdoor medal and it just meant a lot to me. I think in previous Championship. I'd always were trained trained too hard and then picked up sort of a hamstring leg or an injury or an illness and just had Is got to the championship not a hundred percent. And this was the first championship I came into. I mean I had a little bit of a hamstring they go but by then it was like nothing do when it's the first passenger bus didn't start by thinking God. I've got here in one piece stealing set feeling healthy and I just couldn't believe it. I had got there all the pretty much a hundred percent and it's the first time I've probably execute a reason the way that I wanted to and everything just came came to plan and that D and and I came away with the silver medal behind her son. And I think we'd both Runner a championship record for the fastest time ever a European championship and I accept the peace right from the gun. So it's something that yeah. I think I'm really proud of it. It's definitely one of my most memorable races today. Awesome. Awesome. Okay least favorite race if you have one. I know there's been quite a few that I've see there's two reasons. I've dropped out of actually and they bought happened to call and say just with a really bad time in the month of my periods. Unfortunately. Yeah. Yeah and like it's just a horrible feeling like when you've prepared to remove warts all the last couple months for that one sort of race for that one goal to try and run fast and in a secular competition and when it's just your own body you feel that your own bodies letting you down Germans were fortunately it's just something natural happens every month but yeah just happened to land on Ricci and I just always find my quads are very heavy my back their store and I was just this I'm really disappointed the two tones of the two races I've dropped out of one was the wrong Diamond League 5,000 meters and then just last year I dropped out with her at 10,000 meters over in Stanford it and I suppose it's that I'm really feeling of Jimmy you've didn't finish the race it's so silly but you sort of beat yourself up about ozone you just keep thinking about it over and over again I'd say definitely last year the 10,000 meters and Stanford was by farmer by least enjoyable race I think I've ever done hmm that's it so I think there's a good day when you like I've only had I've had a couple of dnfs and obviously nowhere near on the scale that you've had but it's just a horrible feeling like one of them I put my calf The other one it was it was thrilling us as well. And you'd even though you know, you ruined the logical side of your brain is like, you know, yeah, I could have done anything more you still feel like ass big disappointment so I can just imagine when it's your career as you saying there's a lot of pressure on you not to get injured and to race and certainly times. This must be pretty tough. So you mentioned So I've actually been interested here down to this one. Who's your do you have a favorite running partner and if you do, who is it? Humming partner. Yeah, someone you like to run out. Yeah, I actually trained alone. That's quite a boring answer to your question. And I used to train in the group when I was a young kid. And then I am I ended up moving actually live in Manchester with my boyfriend Michael and I just don't have a group down their domain. I haven't been able to I suppose now is a special art. It's very difficult to comment a group and just sit there, right? This is the training. I'm Can you say can you just follow linley's and I was I'm My Chains very individualized now just to need your my mom said that we've been working together since I was 12 years old. So matching is very individualized. And so I suppose I do a lot of my training now with my boyfriend to be honest. He's the one that not so much running. He's been injured a lot. So he's always on the bike teasing my session and we sometimes go for easy ones together if his body's holding up will go for an easy run together, but he's yeah, he's much faster than me when he's in so Fitness, so I'll probably have to see him because I don't really have anyone else and fortunately it doesn't quite sad that don't exist for treating with or anybody's wrong with got actually don't mind. It don't realize it's not something I do cuz go happen the group, but certainly for my easy runs and things I quite like just going at my own pace and do a dolly and along listening to listen to music and just enjoying the Run rather than worrying too much about how my legs are feeling. Piece I'm going or what? This is I'm running I just sort of clap along and enjoy it. So but I say he's there with me to be honest pretty much every single day whether he's running with me or he's out in the bank. Yeah, I think like he's obviously Laura's my girlfriend like we she runs in the but she comes on the bike with me because she doesn't run the distances. I do some training for a marathon at the moment. Yeah, like hopefully she'll run a marathon saying we spend we have a business together and we live together and work people. It's like that you like just to get out by yourself and I'm like, I actually really liked having her there like I don't talk to her but especially when I have to look into her 20. Yeah, they're just there especially if we take the dogs out because you know, if they need to poop or if there's a road or something Laura just takes care of them, but I still got to run with my dog. So it's really selfish. But my thing is it's hard to explain. It's like you think that I'd like to Time by myself, but I still feel like I'm by myself. It's just nice to know there's someone there if yeah, if you need them, which sounds I totally totally get that, okay. so we'll wrap it up with it this this might be a bit of a because it seems like it's worry it's obviously such a huge part of your life but if you weren't running what do you think you would be doing with your life in your career yeah I mean I get asked this all the time and I honestly I honestly don't know I mean I went to University and studied math and accountancy so absolutely nothing to do with sport whatsoever and I suppose I at that point in my career I mean I I didn't I mean I was I'd always see enjoyed running by had no Ambitions to become a professional athlete I just didn't think I was I was good enough and I wasn't at the time Jim and I was nowhere near that sort of level so I'm I just Jay I would do math Mackenzie and I would get my degree and I would just get get a real job and get on with my life but there it took a walk see a big change in 2012 and when I was sort of on the brink of qualified for the Olympic Games and then I qualified my mindset just completely changed and now looking back I can I couldn't imagine doing anything in math and accountancy I just wanted to far removed from that side of my life Jim it's been a long time though since I left University and I'm so deeply involved in the sport I just couldn't imagine not being not being in it in some capacity doing whether that's being a coach or whether it's being an agent or a German just involved in some way I mean myself my boyfriend Michael we have our own that all online sort of coaching running business and we absolutely love that so I think that's certainly something that even once a me once I retire and come towards the end of my career that will really start to maybe pick up on a little bit more at the moment we sort of keep it and keep a limit on the number of Runners that we intake just so that we can I suppose we want to make sure that we're giving them the best programs that we possibly can give and it's great because it allows us to continue training from wherever we are in the world and it's all online Jamie's we can keep track of everyone's running whether it's their their reasoning that weekend or whatever they're doing we can keep track of it from wherever we are in the world it was just great and we just really enjoy it and you get a real buzz when people make improvements when this really stick to the program in your call down and they come away with a PB you get a sense of satisfaction we know that you played a part in that and also just motivates me a little bit as well even as a professional athlete to see I mean these people are workers doctors they work crazy hours night shifts full-time all different And yet they're still going out there and doing and a huge amount of effort into their training just as I would as a full-time professional athlete and I am so it does it gives me a real a real boost even with my own training knowing that there's the the team that we call chirruping in some good work as well. So I'd like to think that I would you remain in the sport now in some capacity whether it's yeah continuing with my coaching or as I said you're being involved in where there's been an agent or Reese doing something with the races. I don't know nothing. Don't know but I yeah, I certainly couldn't imagine not being in the sport. Yeah, I think that's I think from the research we didn't you just from talking to you this past hour or whatever is like I get the sense that it would be something to do with running afterwards. But yeah, I think it shows it shows just how immersed and how much a part of your identity running is that you know, when's the but usually when we have these conversations with when someone gives something there everything it just kind of gets it. open to their identity and they can't see out of it because I think that's kind of it seems to me not that no but that yeah it kind of has to be like that for you to keep on going and to do it at the level that you do that yeah well that's just it becomes just part and parcel of of your everyday life demand very very fortunate that it's something I love to do but I suppose that's another reason why I did math and accounting State University because I wanted to have another aspect of my life that if one day I will cut it decided that I didn't want to run anymore that I didn't enjoy it anymore that I would go and do something else and Gemini be fulfilled and enjoying some other aspects of life other than running and Sport but it's just not turned out that weird you what I saw Of it every single day. It's something that I think I'll always love Jimmy. My mom is have been longtime retired now, but she runs still every single day just means your goes out is her main could release German her escape and I think it will always be part and parcel of your life. It might just be a different part of it. I mean, it's not a professional might not be as intense anymore the way it is right now, but I think it will always be even yet in my later years to come it will always be mine. My something that I love to do in my sort of release I suppose from from everyday life. It's awesome. Okay, so let's let's wrap this up. So we're we're if people want to find your own social media if they want to find out like fully how you're going on the road to Tokyo or even find out more about your coaching programs. Where can they find you Irish and so my online coaching is running mid easy got called out UK. We obviously hope that we Big people's running a little bit easier for them again. I suppose it comes back to her what we were saying earlier jimin and they running as simple as putting one foot in front of the other. So we try not to overcomplicate it. And again, we appreciate that people work crazy hours and different live streaming not everyone is a benefit of being a full-time athlete German the the luxury of being that so we make sure that our program starts it around people's Lifestyles as much as we possibly can and Social media wise it's just my name. Unfortunately a bit boring. It's just a little mccolgan on Twitter Instagram Facebook everything. So I try my best to post every couple of days of yeah parts of training sessions just day-to-day life really is obviously a lot of running because unfortunately, that's pretty much for tonight my life revolves around so if you don't like running then I wouldn't bother following me, but we weren't we weren't having any trouble from our followers know they yeah. if I training sessions trainers hydration products that's where to go come to my page but yeah that's that's it really I have a website but I never really updated absolutely honest was quite a well I have I'm trying to be a little bit more I used to love blogging so I maybe need to get back into that again but for now it's just yeah social media awesome well thank you so much a leash we like them really appreciate you taking the time to talk to us and we'll link to your social media in the show notes and to your coaching platform of people are interested they can just they can click on there but yeah thanks so much we really appreciate it No problem. Good speak to thanks for having me. No worries.