This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location just a block away for over four years going it to the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it. This is amazing. We're here. We did it. We did it Mick. I have a question for you. Yeah. Could we call you? Mr. Devon? He's is that been a question you've been asked? Yes it has. Yes, but looking like a Norwegian Devon. He's doesn't really fit right so you can call me whatever you wish. I've been called worse. What's your favorite nickname that people have for you? Well, Mick is a nickname. Oh, that's a good. Oh, my given name is Gladstone McKinley stems and Junior. That is a phenomenal right Gladstone it is that stone hot. Now you're thinking I'm some kind of Blue Blood wrong all wrong. I'm a junior. My dad was born in 1901 and he was the seventh out of eight boys born and Starbuck Minnesota. And I think my grandmother was running out of names plus the fact she was a little bit of a historian at that time William Gladstone was the president of the United States and William McNulty William Gladstone was Is the Prime Minister of England? Okay and McKinley was the president of the United States gotcha, and they just want both. Yeah, that's so I'm a junior. My mother didn't want me to be called Junior. So she took Mick off a McKinley and I've been mickr Mickey all my life. So but I respond to anything. Hmm. Yeah. I love that. My wife has a few Choice ones for me by the way. Nice. That's amazing. So we were we I mean we read up on Devon he's and you guys have a really really cool Rich history. I think it's really cool that you guys are first on foremost family owned and still local and Minnesota growing and thriving pretty incredible stuff. So I just want to say congrats to you. Thank you. It's amazing. What was the original first name of it? Again? It starts with a Pete right pontil lows hot. Tell us in and we actually started in 1975 as pontos Pizzeria because we learned the business. When we started I had two partners to high school buddies, so we weren't family aren't owned, you know back then I had two other partners and and one of them was living in, Cleveland, Ohio and he met a guy that who was living there. They were first married and he He got a great friendship with this guy and the guy didn't like what he was doing. So he went back to Rochester New York and his father-in-law taught him the pizza business and at that time my good buddy was traveling up to Rochester and he said he called me. He said Mick this pizzas fantastic, you know, it's nothing like we've got back in the Midwest. And you've got to meet this guy. He's a great guy so long and short of it. They ended up teaching us the business. I had a another great friend from high school who wasn't doing anything at the time had just left a job and my partner in New York said just find a place where they eat a lot of pizza. I don't care about the competition and just where they eat a lot of pizza and of course the Cleveland and Grand Avenue location is is a is it's a great area. It's our favorite one. I mean we get you know, you've got st. Thomas you got McAllister. You got a wonderful neighborhood and st. Kate's and so on. So we we opened there in a small spot. Wasn't that whole building. It was just it was the second one in second building. It was 30 seats or something like that to start out with and this is your first time getting into restaurant business first time in the restaurant business and I was still employed as a manufacturer's rep in the plumbing business. Wow. Yeah, it wasn't it wasn't until a year later that are about two years later. It was 79 actually her 77 that we started working on our second restaurant. Riverside Avenue over by the University of Minnesota and the University Hospital over there. That's our second store. Yep. So how old were you when you started 2828? Yeah. So when you are going you learn about all this great New York Pizza you like? Okay, we got to bring it to the Midwest. Yeah learning how to make New York style pizza. What is it about it that makes it different more attractive better tasting. How do you like? How does it taste that good? Well, You know, I think it's dough formulation and at that time we only had one crust and that was a traditional cross that they made out east and it's hand-pounded and it just had a hit a nice bite to it. The the family sauce that they had the recipe for sauce. They had was distinct and really good and and it hit very well with with a local people when we came here, right and and pizza is not really a Minnesota trait. You don't think of Minnesota you think Pizza. I'm from Chicago and I mean there are pizza places on every street every that's that when you think Chicago you think Pizza in New York the same same thing there and I Appreciate how you brought their roots and you took it to Minnesota and then you're sitting at 28 years old and you're working full-time in the plumbing business as a rep and you open this pizza shop. That's that's incredible. When did you know that you had something where it was? Like, all right, it's time to let this this full-time job. Go and go full time with Devon. He's well, it was one the second show we did so well, there was such. A great reception to the first store at Cleveland Grand we could see that it was doing well. And when we found the second location, that's when I left my other job. Okay, and you know back in those days. We did everything we put up paneling on the outside of the building and you know, you just do what you have to do. You're not hiring any or not. You're trying not to hires people you're trying to do it. All right. Well, you're trying to do a lot of it yourself. neither of none of the three of us that were working in the business at that time were Skilled carpentry wise or whatever but we follow orders. Well, so you had a carpenter there and they told you to do this and you know, yeah and a lot of the grunt work is what you know, we as youngsters were good at right you're removing an Able Body. Yes moving in able bodies, correct? Yeah. Yeah. We just handled this whole studio in the last five days. We had no idea how to Do any carpentry work either and well done. I would say hey, thanks. Yeah. Yeah, it's pretty awesome. But I like the I like the I mindset of like You know, you gotta you're doing it because you love to do it and you almost have to do it. You're like, alright, we're opening a new store. We have to we have to panel it we have to do this you have to do that kind of just making those sacrifices because you love it and at the end of the day, what are you doing? Right you're making pizzas you're serving yet the Greater Community throughout like I guess what was so once you took it full time. Was there a time where you're like, wow, this is like was it where it was? A time where it got tough when you when you start it out full-time for the first time. We're at got tough. And yeah, just like what sense like maybe like a failure just like a time where you're like man this is not going well or I'm having a tough time you got anxiety or anything like that, you know in the early years and in one thing about being young is I think you're a little bit bold proof you kind of think You're Invincible to a science. Yeah. Yeah you and that it's not going to turn South on you. When we did change our name from pontil owes to Devon, he's that was a time. That was a little scary. It was the time when the cash flow got really really tight. For some reason everybody thought. Oh, they got bought by some big conglomerate and everything had changed and we hadn't changed one thing people were writing to a sing. Your pizza doesn't taste as good as it did your Susan is good. You're not using as much cheese. We hadn't changed one thing just the name. Yeah, just the name. That's all we did. And we tried to tell them that you know, in fact that was one of the by lines of the advertising that we did with. Well there was a there was a group that did our advertising at that time was called lunch hour limited. It was a group of Pat Fallon. Who's the Felon Miguel elegant, which is A huge Pat's passed away now, but the huge advertising company and a couple other guys in the city that got together at lunch and took on interest and clients. And that was one of the one of the bylines every nothing's changed. We're all the same and we've got some ads from one of the ones was used would using people like John Wayne and Marilyn Monroe. Yeah, awesome Marilyn Monroe and they had other names and they change their names but they're the same people and that was that was kind of it's really cool. But it was it was a struggle for a while know I but and you know, you just had the faith that you had the faith that people had see we did. We did increase cheese at one point because we felt okay, let's give them more cheese. If they think we don't have enough cheese or what people want cheese. Yeah, just give them the cheese. Yeah, I grew up in the fan in the restaurant business. My dad owned a restaurant from 1994 until 2002 and it was called D Bops and my my grandfather's name is Donald Robert D. Bob's was the And so I grew up in the family in the family business and being at the restaurant every single day. It was the coolest thing watching my dad operate this restaurant and all the people smiling and appreciating because he opened it in his hometown and we live Two Towns away. So driving over there and seeing the community rally around D Bops. It was the coolest thing. I want to ask you how has it been raising a family in this business and and watching now your daughter be a part of the business as much as she is today well, it's You know I look at. I look at my teammates as partners and you know, I you can't even believe how how long I've worked with some of these people 40 years. So they're like family my president and CFO is been with us 42 years as of this coming Thursday. We just had our chief operating officer to retire after 42 years. Wow, you employed someone for 42 years the whole career Professor whole career you let me he left he left. Burger King and came to work for us and his whole career. The rest is history. Yeah. Wow, so it's very gratifying to know that you're provided and I are environment that people have appreciated and that we've got so many teammates that have appreciated what we really stand for, you know, and that's what when we started the business it was. Okay. Let's do do something where you don't always have to tell somebody to do something let them use their head and use their mind and and make decisions. Give them some. respect t' and trust them right in trust goes a long way in a relationship. And I think that's why we've had so long a 10-year run so many people. Yeah, it's very genuine and it's awesome like how much you're showing you care about someone when you personally when you meet someone for the first time do you trust them right away or do they have to earn your trust? I actually I think I did. The trust them until they break your trust. Yeah until they demonstrate something that I start questioning. We're the same way. We were talking about this last night and I'm in until I'm out with someone and in an engagement and it's like I will automatically have the most faith in that person and think they're my best friend and I think that's the way it should be and if they do fall to you at a time then it's time to question. Yeah. No, I think that's very true. Ooh and aah. You're going to find out period of time not not that long right, you know, so and I think the thing that's interesting, you know, the girls have been I've got two daughters one. That's at home today, but I I think they had a different perception of what the business was. Then what it actually is. I think they thought it was more like the office. The TV show the office then what are they actually is all we got that's awesome. So what do you mean by that? Well, you know that there's just more weird stuff going on at the office like like the office right and no it's more sin. You're trusting relationships working together. And in that type of thing. There's not those Side Story conspiracy type things going on. Yeah, I could never get into that show because it just it looked so weird to me. I mean, I just couldn't identify with that. But I know it happens, you know, there's definitely they do a great job with the office of taking like the personality of what it could be. And how awkward and unique really is working in a cubicle all day and being an a group of 15 people and seeing them from 9 to 5 every single day and you're working for a paper mill company. I haven't that is interesting. Like there's like a cool unique Dynamic of that show, right? It goes 15 Seasons the office right something of that length crazy the scene in the setting and what they're doing rarely ever changes, but what really happens is each Actors developed and each character kind of grows and you learn to like love this character, but literally nothing else really changes you like Learn to Love Steve Carell like 10 times more than you will use to or Jim or Pam or whoever and it's all because and it's all strictly based on the personality. Someone tells us the other day. She they're like you guys are like the office characters because you maintain like the same personality even though there's so much else like going on around you. There's like so much more Glitz and glamour things but regardless This of whatever's your scene you guys are just still growing as it personally people are getting behind something cool. I think I think that goes along with like Devon. He's in a sense where like you guys have just grown extremely locally from what you had like what you had built a toe right by st. Thomas and now how many stores you have like what to over 20 now we have we have 21 21 and we have a wholesale Bakery right? And we have a coffee shop. That's right. Was that Benny was? There when you was yeah, I mean, that's so cool how it's all built from a local sense. I think that's just amazing. What has been the kind of the the mindset behind that staying in Minnesota and and really growing that direction? Well, I think it's it's easier to carry your your theme on with people that already know you, you know, they've heard of you than to go and open up and Denver say to speak or whatever right by the way Denver. That's a hot spot of restaurant. Oh, yeah. Restaurant birth the hoagie industry would be kind of sweet out in Denver Thank you can infiltrate keep that in mind. Hey, I'm from the FAFSA. I'll pass that on to somebody else Yeah. Well, yeah, I mean that's like that's a good point like so you've been with the company for I mean you've grown this company for so long and now have you taken a role where you're still as heavily involved as when you first started or is it a little more removed or what's your role nowadays, right? Yeah, I I am definitely more removed. We've got people that really do the heavy lifting. Like I said, I've got a present CFO who is a Saint Thomas grad. My previous CEO was the st. Thomas grad. So Tommy Roots. Yeah. Tomi roses are one of RIT. Eyes that has been with us for 40 years was a Tommy mmm. And so at any rate, I don't work as long a days. I try not to micromanage. I'm just looking across the room to see if I'm catching any stray looks with that comment. Aunt but I I have a position that I have opinions and you know, so so we're all sorry. We we took on a new the entrepreneur entrepreneurial operating system. It's called traction. Oh, yeah, I've either two or three years ago and it really is. Been a good good good thing for us. I think in many ways we were we had a voice and and I think on the leadership level we were quite good on some of the other levels. I think we were missing out. I'm still on the leadership level and as a Visionary, I'm the Visionary in there, right and it's it's been a really good thing and involving because we've always been in good and involving people and we always said That you have to involve people in decision-making ask the people you work with in the store what the customers thinking and so on and so forth, but this brings it really to the Forefront more. I think we've one of the biggest gains we've got is from the administrative people in the office. We've got some really smart people that are that are doing payroll and paying bills and all that kind of stuff and surround yourself with people that are brighter than yourself and Terry up and they are you know, I think they're really they're more their job is more enriched and I know that we're better company for it. And then the store level it's just a lot more proactive. We're giving more of a situation where the you know, assistant managers and whatnot are they're they're more involved in getting things done. I mean it's set down as to what you need to accomplish every week. So for so that's been very cool for us. What's your favorite mug in the house? My favorite mug is the one that's clean. That's it. They just want to clean mug. Well, if it's clean and also has the back pocket logo on it. That's pretty dope to right that's Ultra claim. That's the cleanest of types of your favorite mug. That's shiny clean. Yeah a dirty back pocket bug. What kind of suck But at the same time I probably use it if it had a baby at Yoda logo on it, right? So dirty baby. Yoda coffee mug would be better than any other mug in the cupboard. That's correct. Okay. Yeah, I think everybody else should also get our featured back pocket mug right now at Metro mugs.com. The baby Yoda mug is 20% off right now if you use code ba CK P OC ke t for 20% off that's back pocket Metro mugs.com Over a year ago. We started going to these panel discussion networking events called Lincoln drink. They're now on their eighth one after their oo7 event in last November and they're coming in hot with a new panel discussion March 18th at the frickin Walker dude. It's insane how far they've come they have an awesome set up over in the in that glass room overseeing all of the skyline of Minneapolis. That's gorgeous 350 people this time to wait get your tickets, right? Now because they're selling fast, yeah, absolutely. I think they've already sold over a hundred which is sick. I really hope to see you guys all there. If you are there and you see us they're definitely come say hi and ask and Rose heartburns going. Jackie watts and Andy meters have been working out alter Fitness for over a year. And if you want to come work out with us and have a blast doing it. Well, we're offering you a free week. Yeah, we'll get a free week for you on us. We can either work out in their new Edina location or we can work on North Loop in Minneapolis. You choose the time or not. You choose the date we choose the time where 5:30 a.m. Workout guys and if interview we I can squeeze in a 6:30. Yeah, and you can squeeze in 6:30, but I'm really not negotiable at 5:30. However, I would go like all five days or seven days. Whatever. There's also performance yoga on Sundays at 9 a.m. Will be there as well. Let us know if you want to come DMS on on anything Instagram Twitter Facebook. I'm also on LinkedIn and then our email will be in the show notes. Can you explain what exactly maybe this is a question for you to injury like what exactly traction is and what it does from an entrepreneurial standpoint for a company. Well, I vote is the methodology. I guess I think at the Crocs is the communication aspect and the accountability aspect go hand-in-hand. Yep. Yep. It sets up different groups. And we in in our leadership group. We in the old days. We perhaps had too many people. I think it was too clumsy. There were just too many people that you're taking their time in the meetings. These meetings these leadership meetings last an hour and a half no more. No less. That's what they let in and you it just gets to an accountability point where if people aren't getting their stuff done that's going to make you question whether they're in the right seat. it's called put the right people in the right seats, and there are some people that we found haven't been in the right seats and that's got to change attraction does a phenomenal job with the structure of their program in this in the sense of the how the meeting starts and and then like from then on is very systematic and you are you're learning how to reward someone in the beginning and then Challenge them and then at the end make sure that they know their roles it's and I know that sounds super vague. I'm trying to remember the terms that they use so to clarify it, but I don't remember. I just I really when I was inside the traction program when I work for Media Bridge, they they were just on point with what needed to get done and every single person had a smart role and I just appreciated how they ran their company. Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. Okay. Wait, I wanted to go back one more time. So the when you change the name you had you originally going to be Devon tease. But and that meant I forget what it means in Italian. What is it? Well, the advertising company came up with a lot of things in okay, and one that they won that they really liked was D Avante is which meant the leader in an Italian and the advertised did I say? The advertising company. Okay the ad company came up with a names the lawyers looked at that name and they didn't like it because Avante was a car at that time the was made by Studebaker Avanti car and they didn't they didn't they thought there may be some kind of a conflict there plus the fact that it sounded too white tablecloth hats. That's when they when they Brought it to the to the focus groups the people describe the restaurant as white tablecloth table service and that type of thing which didn't fit us and then they rolled the tea into an n and it's totally a fictitious name. It's nobody's name. It's nothing. It's just made up. Well your monster Devon he's yeah, I'm a fictitious person. All right, we'll clip just that part out and share that with everybody else. That's Going to be perfect. We got what we needed. Perfect. That's awesome. Yeah, so they it's a g. Yeah Devon he's edgy because he does it dead Devon. He's you know, I'm going to Define he's down the street, you know, something like that. Yeah. Well, they went back to the focus groups and they said oh, you know, this is real casual place family family owned and your family operated right and place you take your your kids too. And so Fourth so and that's what it was and we stuck with that one. It's phenomenal and finding names isn't easy. You know, I can remember when we when we did coffee Benny. Oh man, you know how many coffee shops are iron though, you know, you see too many Starbucks and Caboose, but I mean, I mean Caribou terrible and but the there are so many local coffee shop. To try to find a great name was is really hard and it took us a long time to find one. Mmm. Coffee Bean is a good one. So you mentioned like you mentioned that your first location right at right next to St. Thomas off. What does that Cleveland and Grand right and you mentioned earlier like it's a good your pieces or your stores are great for like kids and family and stuff has your college demographic been you're like one of your biggest hits or where it is. It ranked in terms of your demographic or people that you're selling pizzas to well back, you know, the business has changed so much back in the day. We didn't have delivery and right. People was I mean we had we used to be open till one o'clock and the Tommy should be coming in their late night to try and you know soak up a little whatever they're drinking and you know, so we had a great college group at night that isn't so much anymore sure, you know is it's more of your delivery. It's Liveries, you know 40% of our business now, so how you don't really? Yeah. So what's it's a different it's a different game does that is that a kind of a bummer from your perspective not having the enjoyment of seeing people in the restaurant that 40% now I have delivery. Yeah. Yes it is. It's you know in that's too bad and in our food is really so much better on premise and when you take it right out of the oven you have a hoagie red Of the oven it's the die for you know, it's it's a different deal. It's awesome. So from that standpoint. Yeah, but that's not the way we live anymore. We want the Comfort or our homes or our podcast studio and we just see it all here by my first experience at the vines is actually pretty cool. I came up to visit st. Thomas for school and with my parents and junior in high school and and we toured the campus met with the football coaches and all that jazz and then we needed to go get we want to go get food and we just like quickly looked up food near me and Devon he's as the main location right next to st. Thomas walked over there and enjoyed a nice Devon. He's meal as I'm thinking about going to st. Thomas and I do believe the reason why I ended up saying yes to st. Thomas was because I sat there at Devon is and I and it was enjoying a nice. buffalo chicken Hoagie on wheat bread and and it just might it was a delight to the through the senses with the vanes and I decided st. Thomas is my is my school Mark that down to get a hold of Caruso and get all this recruits is very similar to Andrew. Actually now that I think about it. I took a visit out to st. Thomas when I was being recruited in January on a Friday and it was like 10 degrees when I showed up and the first place I went. Why is with a family friend and then one of the players on the team we went to Devon? He's is the first thing we did right? I like little oversight. I think it was just sort of sorted. It was phenomenal and you know, that's that's that's the bee's knees right there. I know I've gone back many times since you've saved me on many Sundays after a night out on Saturday. So I want to thank you for that. It's awesome. You're quite well, it's really full circle moment for us here. It is really what we're realizing. It's awesome. So what like what is a is a good story about like Community or something? Like when someone says oh what what like, why did you start Devon? He's why did you do? Why did you go through making a pizza company out in Minnesota. Is there a story or something that you refer to or tell people that represents that well if there's a particular story but you know, we really believed in the food, you know, you've you've got to have a belief in what you're doing and we thought we thought our our food and our style of service was the right thing to do was the a really good cook and it was a business that we could have on her own. You know, we were you know, we were working with other people and we wanted our own business so It was the food was the killer when I tried the food right away. I fell in love with it, right and then you know, the people get behind that. Yeah, and you want to you want to bring it back in? You know you get a remember 45 years ago the competition that we had was not not great. You don't you've probably never heard of Shakey's Pizza. Well, that was a national chain back in those days, which is still hanging out somewhere in California, but certainly not thriving was odd. What's Tony's Pizza Company Tony. Tony Pharrell is only Perales. It's Duluth made pizza. They do like the Frozen. Right, I think so. Do you have any store locations? We had no idea. What is it? We should know this. I know we had a podcast. Yeah, but no, this is bad. What are no but we was Carbone's Rob who Carbone's I I believe Carbone's was around at that time. Okay. Now follow question. I know you slice our pizza traditionally into triangles. Yes. What are your thoughts on cutting? Ting pizza into square slices Hey, we do it some it's hard to do though. When you when you cut 99% of them in slices, you you can tend to automatically cut them into slices when they ask you to do it and in squares, I have no problem with it. Hmm. Okay? All right. I have no problem. So 45 years ago opening up Devon. He's in the Twin Cities what has been like your favorite thing seeing the city grow because that's another huge success point with device is the Twin Cities has grown so much. You see some awesome things going around in this area what has been kind of like your memorable moments with the Twin Cities and being a part of it. Well, I would say certainly. the good times we've had during Successes in sports back in the 80s when the twins, you know when the Twins were fighting for the World Series, right? 87 and 91. We did a bunch of business with the twins and have provided food down into the locker room and that type of thing that's incredible here. So in in this you started this late 70s seventy seven seventy nine is when demise is starting 75 is actually okay and 79 was the second restaurant. Gotcha. And then in the 80s you get inside the twin Stadium how like just rewarding in itself for you, like knowing that the players are eating your food your pizza. Like that's incredible. Yeah, I mean and they can have what they want. So if they didn't like it, they throw a solid right? So it was it's very rewarding and we we were the pizza for the Minnesota Wild for a lot of years we Were the only Pizza there and decided to pull out of that relationship, but they were great people to work with and that that we were very honored that they would choose us to do the pizza there. So yeah, so I remember you just mentioned 40% of your pizzas are not delivered. Right? Right, and we're worried not necessarily worried but something that comes with that is that there's not necessarily Generally people come into your restaurants anymore, but you still want to deliver some sort of impact. So I have an idea for you. Mr. Devaney. Okay, Gladstone Gladstone. All right. Mr. Gladstone Divani. What are your thoughts on Andrew? And I becoming Devon he's pizza delivery guys, and we go to random places and deliver Devon. He's Pizza to people. I think it's awesome. Okay, so wait you'd be good. Okay. Oh nice. Yeah, Jackie said perfect. Okay, give me a clue of where you guys would want to be delivering to first one would be just like a random class at st. Thomas. Oh, so I figure out like because I mean I was an engineer there and want to find dr. John Abraham's class because I know if I went showed up randomly at his class. He would lose his shit. So that would be really fun. He would love that. Another great idea would be showing up in one of these we're good friends with Fitness and they run it's like a boutique hit Fitness class. Okay, so we get food involved we get pizza involved and you're getting a workout while you're eating pizza. I'm just saying Heats after the workout is why I said I'm seeing a little bit of both. Okay, maybe before maybe during interesting and I'm just seeing right. I'm seeing content starting to be developed That's Unique in itself where people like holy smokes it got active Pizza eaters, right eye, but we could also just show up to like random house has to but that we'd have to run that one by you of course. Yeah. Well and been lever opens the door. Yeah, right right since those. Have you had Lieber on your show. Yeah. Okay is awesome. Yeah use a great big log good energy love listening to him. I think this has Merit. Hmm. Let's not let this die. Okay, where would you like to see us deliver pizza? Hmm. Good question. Good question. I could think of some things but let's Let It Go, okay, we could go like week ago. I mean we I mean we're we're thinking of place is just around here. We could go to like Denver and deliver some Hoagies today. See ya. Let me tell you about this Devon he's place or even like we can go even further. I was just wiegel like Thailand or something maybe don't even sound. He's a weird to the beach. How about, you know down to Lake Calhoun with you know, oh, okay. I like that. Well so bad idea. So right now we're working with This is this company Embrace North on Sunday at 1 o'clock. We go to Cedar Lake and we get in the water and we do a workout on the lake in the snow and then we get in the water and we practice embracing the North and you use totally submerge your shoulders down. We need some warm Pizza. There's so many times we would need pizza. I mean, I think that's it. Right. Yeah, he saw is or pizza Hoagies any any of your guys's food that type of food is just great to enhance Community, but it's not embarrass the north money money money. No mighty. Mighty. Mighty North That's like some of our chance that we do add at the lake Cedar Lake every Sunday. You'll catch us starting our hype a cappella group from from the lake submerged for about 10-15 minutes every week Jonas there embrace the north of wisdom with us 1 p.m. Cedar like embracing the north. Yeah. We'll see you there. We'll see you then. See you there. Okay. Sorry. This is a this is a time for an ad break, but we don't actually have any advertisers willing to pay for the spot. So if you want to put have a stock and say sweet nothings about your company send them or you can take this spot unless and eliminate me just filling time and space. Yeah, if you really want, you know, the back pocket guys to stumble over your ad rates and you know do it as wildly average as possible, you know, send us a note at the back pocket podcast at gmail.com something like that. It'll be like really choppy pretty average. But I mean we're going to be talking about your bread. So I That might be okay and there's some people that are listening that want to know your brand. Yeah. We just want to help you out. That's all. This is dekhi dark chocolate mocha, and this is Andy almond milk latte. And if you follow us on Instagram, you party scene that we have some pretty sweet back pocket branded mugs brought to you by Metro mugs. You see Metro mugs creates mugs that Inspire conversation and we think that's pretty neat. They partnered with the back pocket to help us create our own line of mugs that show-off who we are and to give you our beautiful internet marketing and turns the opportunity to share the back pocket with the next person you grab a cup of joe with which we Appreciate ya and because we solve visually want you to have one of our mugs in your cupboard on your desk at work. So you can spread the good average word of back pocket Metro mugs is offering an insanely above average discount to make that happen head to Metro mugs.com and use code back pocket. That's ba CK B OC ke ET to receive 20% off your first order that's code back pocket at Metro mugs.com Yeah, and you might be able to make some new friends exact nose, right? yeah that's phenomenal well here we are here we are in and we get to share the back pocket story all the time and that is like our favorite thing that's how we uplift our communities the back pocket story and we're built on being wildly average guys that is our Mantra we are to ordinary average guys with an extraordinary passion to have conversations with people such as yourself and we get to ask this question what is your average quality and for us than average quality something you do well at times and other times not so well at the end of the day you know it's it's your own in average Middle Ground type quality if it were always working on so I'd like to ask you Gladstone what is your average quality well You might be shocked to know that I have more than one average quality. All right, but let's just go with listening can be an average quality booms help right now. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, I've got nothing to let my mind wander or whatever but I think is the years have progressed. That my ability to listen his probably diminished to some degree some of it might be physical. I have worn hearing aids for about 17 years, but I do have good hearing aids. So that's a that's more of a hearing deal listening. I can let my mind water. Wonder if I'm not it's kind of like get to the point here. You know what I mean? Give me the give me the cliff notes on what you're trying to tell me. In fact, we were in a leadership meeting one day and we had a consultant come and sit in on our meeting. And he after the meeting he sat down with me and my daughters and stubby our president. And the guy said we said well, okay. What do you think and he looked over at me? And he said Beck what do you think you checked out of that meeting and you know, you think he's being mean about it, but he was actually right because there was too much stuff going on in the meeting. That was like Status reporting. Yeah, that's not the way leadership meetings are supposed to be they're supposed to have some real. intriguing My Level engaging type conversations conversations meat on the bones touchdown. Yes, you don't need to be pushing numbers. Yeah, we don't need to be here in about okay, they're going to bring in the pepperoni at 10:15 and you don't know what so yeah. He he got me good and that was it. So, when did you check out pretty early? It was it was pretty early. They had me actually. But it drove across a point that you know, you really got it. You got to have something that's a little meat on the bones. You keep me and you know, I I'm getting up in the years. It's like stubby says also, you know he says You know, Mick is getting so old that he doesn't bite. He doesn't even buy green bananas anymore. So it's so fortunate. Yeah. So did hear a die. I will try to say okay. Can you summarize that or can we get to the point here or whatever? I don't know if there's going to be a hell of a lot of improvement boys though, right? So we need to just make the meetings more engaging for yes. Yes. I'm cool with that. Yeah, we work on that, you know. So we'll keep you or just keep you out of the meetings. Yeah, no, no Cliff Notes. No. No. Yeah. No, the meetings have been better to okay, then since that point in time, right? Maybe we maybe build in like a quick like 15 minutes into the meeting after you get through with talking through like 20 21 pepperoni pizza sale projections. You could we could throw in like a like a Visionary like Mick Awakening segment of the meeting so that gets you back die. That because you know, like once we start talking about projections of pepperoni pizzas mix out like and we're not saving them. He's God it's over so we'll bring you back and we'll start talking about the vision of Devon. He's so that would be my next question is what is the vision for Devon? He's right now. Well the vision for Devon he's is too. Stay with what we've been doing and in continue to adapt to the changes in the business, right, you know, this this one of the big challenges we've had to deal with this third party delivery. Mhm. Whereas the pizza industry used to be the only Delivery option out there. Yeah. Now we're competing against every other restaurant in the world, you know, right you can get food from anybody. So that's that's created a challenge for us and the you know, the industry has changed to the point that people want to stay at home. We're competing against grocery stores a lot more and it's people don't eat out as much right. So the the challenge is to really keep the caliber of our stores up the caliber of our people and do it. We what we do were were trying to Endeavor to remodel a number of stores we've put bars in Number of stores Cleveland Grandpa's little one there. Yeah, we have some other ones in in in a number of stores that that really kind of change the feeling a little bit. It's a little more inviting for single people. I think people come in and have a drink or sit at the bar and have a hoagie or whatever. It might be. Right. So there's a lot of updating that we have to do on 21 stores and that takes a lot of capital and that's that's a long-term project for us and growing up in the restaurant business. I really learned the this the idea of hospitality and being just offering your The service that kind of Mantra my dad loves to use this term net promoter score who probably use it maybe a little bit net promoter score, which is just you ranking yourself and how well you did at welcoming in your guests and creating community and net promoter score rnps. We like to use that term quite often and that's been the coolest thing having that mindset making sure that you when you come into our studio, what is Our net promoter score going to be when we throw an event outside of this studio. What is that net promoter score going to be what's the hospitality like and I truly believe growing up in the restaurant business with my dad and watching that happen has allowed me to look at others in a more holistic way and welcome them because I've seen my dad time and time again change his attitude and make sure that when a family comes in he has no idea how their day has been whether they had one of the best days in the world or the worst days in the world, but He has the opportunity right then and there to light them up in the most positive way and he is shared that with me and my two brothers and still that kind of mindset and I think it's the coolest thing that I was able to be a part of that is really you're so right on with that and I'm sure he tried to get to know his regular customers as much as he is. He could brought know them by first name or whatever make them feel welcome. Mm-hmm, and that's what's in his back pocket. You know, he uses those attributes those habits. And when time when pressure becomes stress, he makes sure that he's welcoming others. He has that Hospitality mindset all the time in his back pocket. So Mick, I'd like to ask you what is in your back pocket when when pressure is rising and you have a lot of stress. What is some of the something that you utilize in your back pocket overcome these situations well, You know my nature is that that I am more of a calm person. I don't fly off the handle you get a lot of bad news through the years and 40 years. I've had a lot of bad news and you just got to take a step back. Take a deep breath know that. Not not everything is bad that that's running through your mind is going to happen and when things are really really good. They're probably not going to be that good forever. So you got to keep that in mind too, but I'm calm I take a take a step back. I have the confidence that we're going to set and we're going to analyze this problem. And we're going to get through it. You've got a team of people that you work with and you trust them and and you're going to figure it out. So and then you know you go home at the end of the day you give your wife a hug and your dog a hug and and Maybe a glass of Brandy and a cigar that might help too. Amen to that. Yeah. Yes, sir. I love that. What kind of dog? Do you have? A King Charles Spaniel? Can't believe any Trails family. Good lap dog. Yeah. Yeah, we used to have bigger the bigger dogs, but we've migrated down into the outside wall downsized. And yeah, I love that song. So your back pocket answer or what's in your back pocket. Sounds like you stay cool calm and collected. but you remain confident in your ability and honestly remaining grateful as well right and and quit trying to look at the glass half full you know or half empty half ever yes a small is kind of nice I like all right so we'll clip that out too yeah just quit looking at the glass half full as he dragging his half half All have full Yeah. Well, yeah is that glass half full or half empty? I would say it's half full. There we go. We're gonna get any we go I like I love that that's market and that's marketing and that's it. Next question for us. So how we grow this podcast in the Twin Cities is through a challenge question and a connection through the guests we have on the show. So I'd like to ask you who do you think we should have on the show from your network? Who do you think we should have on the show? somebody that would be interesting I assume everyone's interesting that's the best part everyone has a story and let us out and it's our job to make sure the story is as well swell spoke but if they're super interesting and so we but then yeah we want that person for sure well you know last night I ran into my favorite weather person in the Twin Cities Blended Jensen okay all right and I think she would be a wonderful addition to this podcast she is if you've ever watched her on check on Kare 11 And she has a Morning Show on Saturday morning. She is nice and genuine as anybody. I know I'm telling you she is absolutely terrific challenge accepted. She's got you know her experiences over. I think she's been at your 11 25 years. I'm not sure but I think so and so she'd have a lot of things to recount plus the fact that cheese she's an entrepreneur and trying to she's writing books and they're on the weather trying to get kids interested in the weather so I think I think she'd be a wonderful one you guys had like her and in she'd like you to okay all right the Linda I love that name by the way such a big fan of the name Belinda yeah I know she's just a terrific gal I liked her from the you know I always like to run we used to watch her Saturday Morning Show and I'd make pancakes every Saturday morning for the girls it is you know and we'd be watching Belinda with her Saturday Morning Show and and then you know 15 years later or so one of my buddies daughter ands up being a great friend of hers and and I meet her and we hit it off like crazy she's just a nice person he Starstruck the first time better than I was and in fact I made some comments to that effect and I felt stupid about that but no she she's just as genuine a Galas there to be that's awesome yeah the next the next question we like to ask you we're gonna open up to our man over here producers are thrown on the throne real quick I how you feeling over like I have a lot going on on over here it's a little it's a little overwhelming I don't know how it sounds on YouTube like oh yeah we could be nobody could hear anything right now I've no idea allegedly oh man we figured out that's horrible doors it's not like it's an audio program or anything well this man got a promotion most recently so I'd like to voice that voice that on the podcast he's no longer in turn Tae Hees producer tie he's a full-time employee congratulations thank you I worked really hard and I'm super proud of me yes and he also asks phenomenal Russians so I'd like to open up the floor to him so I was curious Devon he's obviously a family-run business what are some of the give me like the best part about working with your daughters and maybe they'll like the worst part or the part that is like this is tough because that's working my family because I know my family and I couldn't work with them yeah you know I have a I have an amazing way to get along with people that's kind of my deal in fact her sister has been living at our house for the last three months because she's getting her house remodel so working working with them and only seeing them Day today and we so often it hours a day or you know here and then that's that's kind of a piece of cake heaven to live with them. There's a challenge when they're in their 30s, you know don't know I it's been a wonderful deal for me to be able to spend time with my girls and and to see them grow and see the business and start picking up and seeing things that I've been talking about for a long time. oh as far as hard Parts, the hard parts are working with them is you know, they don't let me get away with anything. They really call me on the carpet in front of me in front of my co-workers. So sure, you know, it's a brutal honesty. Dad don't do that, you know, yeah that type of thing, you know, so maybe I'm learning some better manners than if they hadn't been around right sounds like accountability is at an all-time high at at the body's core. Yes, sir. It's only honestly only honestly brutal honesty. Yeah, it's all of that great questions. I thank you killed it man. I'm paying out to step it up. Yeah, right. There's no more talking. That's the occasion and you have you ever isn't thank you. Yeah, that's great. understand if this audience bad your fault right I don't really go on and take the blame for it just kidding okay you're killing it man I like that chair to the Viggo Mortensen Lord of the Rings chair yet treating you well it won't it's a little uncomfortable it's just a wooden chair correct but Christ to make our guests sit in that chair really yeah we've changed over the trash he graduated to a couch they will get you a throw pillow that'd be nice ooh you like something comfortable sit on yes well some for my trump right we can we can get that done it will work that out I would love a camera on Me Maybe when you get another promotion yeah there you go something else yeah I like that perfect well okay Final Call why do you want to ask a little bit of Minnesota Minnesota sports so we're talking off air with the Gophers and how you were at the Rose Bowl in 1960 yes that is one of the coolest stories your mom took you there and they have not been back since 61 so the year after right but We're going to make an early projection. They're going to be at the Rose Bowl this year. If there are three rules will I'm going to be there. Yes, let's go. I will I will be there. I'm gonna I'm leaving that open. Okay, and I want to pitch you on another idea real quick. Okay, if you're at the Rose Bowl that is killer content Gladstone Devon. He's at the Rose Bowl that is marketing 101 unique after that. We love to follow you around. You can capture you in a moment. We'll we hand out. Jesus as we walk into the Rose Bowl and sure on the golf course to Victory. Well, you know, we'll be showing our 45th anniversary during that time. So maybe we can do something. Yes. We're going to be doing promotions throughout the year. So maybe we'll figure out something for Oswald. There we go and send it back to the podcast. Yes. Oh, yes. I'm sitting like a good source with Minnesota this year. I think Donnie's and fortunately a lot of growth in those areas. Well, you guys like football and know you played football. Yes. Yeah. We're all over it. Hmm. He said football. That's how about the Vikings? So the Vikings on the other hand when you got to do something about Kirk Cousins. Oh, yeah, he's got to come on the podcast. We gotta sit him down. It's got talking through some steps to World Assad. Yeah this offseason we I get Rudolph Bom to we got we just got a hit our inner benchmarks, you know get it get a couple of players on so now we're vested. We know that our influence is is hopefully making an impact for the upcoming season, right? And then Devon, he's justhe's East Winds off that anyways, right? We were told if we have Kirk Cousins on we will go Global. Yeah. Someone told us that went on the podcast. Yeah, Jackie knows Rudolph. Okay, but problem is that those guys get pretty expensive for their time. I don't know. All right. Well, you'll figure it out. Can't you get a laborer? We had green wig I listen to part agreed. Yeah, both of those guys are awesome. Yeah total starts. Yeah. They were just real people. I think absolutely right and I was the coolest thing. I have a conversation with both of them. Yeah, you know when I went to the Rose Bowl 1960 in you know, being a 12 year old at that time, there's certain things you remember that you carry with you throughout the life your life and I Member we were on a airplane worms. There were a group of people from Minnesota and we kind of got to know some of them and I remember Kurt Carlson asked us to join his group for dinner Kurt Carlson was the Carlson companies built the Carlson companies and he was a big time guy. I mean really big and Carlson business school. Yeah and our alternative school. Yeah, and so that we went to Polynesian place for something. I remember that it was very cool to me. I'd never been to one of those. You know, that was it then then another thing that I remember was staying in a hotel. Which was in the most luxury luxurious hotel where we were staying in by the way, but they had a water shortage. For some reason or the water got shut off in the place and we had to use water out of the back of the tank of the toilet of to brush our teeth. Wow. I mean, these are random things guys. Yeah, but you put your twice of these visas who stuck with me forever forever all these your 12. Yeah. It's a travesty. Yeah, and I do remember at that time watching television and watching Arnold Palmer went a big golf tournament to Ice. Yeah, the king the king that's crazy. I can just remember stuff like that out of nowhere, but that's what stuck with you. Well when you're my age, you'll probably remember a few things like that to have a question with a question about that. So we're 23 24. Yeah. Do you have any advice for guys like us or people that are in their in their 20s, like if you could say one thing to this generation of people would that be Live Your Dream, you know do something you really enjoy and someday it's going to turn out it's going to work and then you get to work real hard. You got to give it your all that's I don't think that's anything novel but be sincere and honest and they think you guys have I think you're greatly underestimated is being moderate people or middle average every after I see you're way above that both you guys go way above what would you have saw your billing is a little misleading, but that's all I mean, we're all we're all above average in our own ways. Right? Yeah, but at the same time through we can all sit down and relate over the fact that you know, we're not very good at listening. Sometimes yeah, no kidding. So we're all average in some sense. Right? No one's no one's really not average if you think about it. Yeah, that's true. Mmm. Yeah, thanks. I guess we are above average. I'll say it will take it will take it. Thank you for having a good time. Absolutely. I appreciate that. I want you to have good self images as you go forward in life course that's phenomenal, but I think this wraps it up to our final question final question. Simple question. What did you learn? Today from the moment that you woke up to when you were walking up these the this third floor of our studio our newly created Studio. What did you learn today? Well, I learned this first of all as you were obviously better than average. Thank you. And you were much easier to get along with I thought you might yes awesome. You were very involved and it was very enjoyable sitting down and talking a sauce. That's that yeah yeah yeah She could never pay someone else to say but what she's trying to get across to you. She's a star gazing. You can see the look in her eyes. She's a dream Jason. She's made up her mind made up and now she's watching us. there she goes everything she says I'm gonna have to try and catch him now before she's gone