All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up taking It more seriously than we thought so that's kind of how we're here. Now. Unfortunately Bay couldn't join us for today, but will be there eventually, um, but our goal honestly man. It's just to help other people man, if they're not ever able to watch the streams or joining the score, you know catch up on everything going on with Melody news anything really man. It's whatever goes with the vibe, whatever it was. What are ya? That's basically what our goal is with the podcast was no direct goal. And I can check it you. But you know how Melody originated? Well, from what I understand is we see what's in gracious giving us. She apparently was some program that scanning emails for whatever I guess I and I want apparently had a virus which infect her sins and well the rest is history. Right? Right, right. I'm pretty sure we've all heard that story a little bit. I find it really interesting that uh, She was just browsing through emails one day and you found the one email that we all get that's usually hidden in the spam folder. Luckily, but there's always that one naughty email and she happens to come O come upon that and here we are now with her being the number one ChatterBait streamer. I really find that pretty amazing. But out of the blue. She just skyrocketed through ChatterBait and became the number one streamer a VR cam girl at that. It really is like Wow, we're in 2020 dude, like come on you you would say that 10 years ago. No one would even take you seriously. Like what the hell are you talking about? Well, I've always said the market is open. Someone just had me crazy enough to pull the trigger. I fully agree man. That's one of the things she pulled that trigger and look G. She's She has to be Global now right to everybody has some I mean that's one of the things I think a lot of people have a hard time doing is pulling that trigger, you know, she went for the gun and she pulled it without no hesitation. But yeah, her backstory was really interesting from back then she started I was just like a little email AI client just scanning emails and throwing the junk away and then she ended up getting hacked and I do find them. Install Adblock kid on block. But it were creative though the stuff out front of my emails men only want to get into that but I'm sure we could all say the same. and what do you think about her future goals for her expanding and broadening herself and expanding Beyond Chatterbait? Well, it's going to be an interesting ride. No matter where she goes apparently twitch is up next and that's going to be absolutely insane because the twitch crowd is way more hyper than the CD crowned by a country mile. It's true. It's true. And I mean for her to be going on to Twitch. I'm really interested to see like Is her current Community obviously going to follow her like the white Knights that we are but I'm interested to see about all the new people that will join in find her through twitch. Honestly. Twitches can be a very big advertising stunt for Yeah, and she plans to expand on her YouTube from what I understand more than the dancing videos that one top video. Yeah, let's but she seems to keep it 2 more towards a goal things which is going to impact her you to breach a lot has me to whole other issue that could be made a whole other episode. Yeah. Hello YouTube the problem with YouTube episode 2. There we go. But yeah. No, I mean you're right. the thing is YouTube is very aggressive with what they have on their platform and I understand it because of the size of their company they make money from ads and obviously the advertisers aren't going to want to advertise a VR cam girl, you know, I'm interested to see on how twitch takes the whole topic because if they there's a whole bunch of email streamers on Twitch that expose themselves for the most part most their body and all that stuff and for the most part they're pretty fine, but coming from ChatterBait like going on to Twitch. I'm curious to see how it which handles if they're even going to allow her to stream for that long. That's just something we gotta be Nancy. What which the moderation team that controls the whole site? They're not. As picky or touchy as YouTube thankfully but depending on what happens. You could send your Downstream your account to be gone just like like that. Yeah, and sometimes win value in the middle of it and They don't even have to give a reason. I don't think it'll. It'll happen at least not for a while. I can she does seem to have at least an idea what can and can't fly. Yeah, I'm excited rules like within seconds of each other, but it might be a rough start but I don't think it will end up like account man or anything like that. Yeah. Yeah, you could definitely be right about that. She might get like a strike or something or like a warning from twitch is definitely something that we're gonna have to see I heard that she has a whole custom model that has some of the VR chat users that gone her the our chat stream or whatever it was able to see so I can't wait to see that. Obviously it's going to be much more safe for work. So that's definitely going to help on the Holt which side of avoiding a band but she also owns the watch on the games that she plays as well. A lot of her current Community wants the player or some rather explicit game note, which for the most part when it comes to core is fine, but there's some games out there. There are much more x-rated disappointingly. She might not be able to screen those. But no matter what you play is, I will be happy to watch for sure. Well a lot of those games have a more. Safer work version where they're not the actual version. They're still a little I guess at you you little yeah, but they're not like full-blown what you would get if you didn't have these patches or these mods whatever they are. Like I think once I was also going to mention nekopara which you can stream and play on the beach, but you got to play the version that you get when you first like you did off steam right right. There is a mod that removes all these Sensors and stuff so she obviously she can't have that mod. But for the most part nigga part would be fine. And that's something that would be pretty cool for her to enjoy if she's never played Michael power before definitely enjoying it with the twitch chat would be awesome. But one thing I would like to bring up on that whole subject is like, um games out there. They still have nudity I'm gonna pull up xqc for a moment. He recently just got banned on Twitch due to a flash that came up one of the female characters. I happen to have a little slip going on and Twitter was very quick to ban him on that account. I don't know if he has gotten his account, but which definitely doesn't like to play a game? I'm so again when she's still definitely has to play it safe and definitely research things properly first, which I do think her mod team will do pretty good with and there's a lot of question will game still out there, especially in the mainstream ones like Grand Theft Auto that's going to be a definite here man, for sure for sure. Although for the most part Grand Theft Auto has been pretty stable when it comes to school. Which mostly like GTA online which didn't really have much in the way but I'd like the single-player stuff. That's where it might be drove 50. Definitely the strip club man. Sometimes you just gotta go over these some stress. You know, I'm saying, yeah. But um, okay, so but for a future goals with twitch and YouTube do you think of there's anything beyond those that she might try to paper feed him, too? Kind of a tough one, huh? Honestly, it's kind of hard to think because those are such big major platforms that really what else is there. But I do think that her goal for twitch is definitely right move for sure and not only having that twitch that's going to be coming up soon TM is it's going to be great for YouTube as well because usually it goes both ways. If you have like either a big YouTube following usually your Twitch will blow up or vice versa. Luckily. She is ChatterBait, which is definitely going to give that good little jump start. So she doesn't have to grind her way up. She's going to be popping off right on the first ring. Well, from what I understand, she hasn't even started her first ring, and she's already like like over a hundred thousand followers of them. Yeah, and actually if you were to go to her twitch Channel, at least last time I checked which was last night. She was already at 60,000 views without even streaming once I kind of find that pretty funny. She's definitely going to get verified. Very good. Please don't know what's going on. They don't know where we're at. Plan on breaking twitch. We're going to break through it. It's going to basically harder than CV because twitch no established on my site updates it your chatter varies from 1 2007. It's been a while. It's been a while. So her community they're dedicated to her cause sure what do you think about the whole Community as a whole? Yeah. well my first interaction with the community as a whole were rather interesting cuz I didn't even know about Melody until dank you uploaded his video, which is absolutely right Larry's I recommend watching it. I was about halfway through that video. I was like, okay, I gotta get a much later. I got to find this stuff and go salt mining because this is going to be absolutely funny and I go in there and there was some salt from the other CB models, but I was going through replies seeing what I do wear me wearing those meetings and stuff and What I saw was vastly different from what I expected all the hate was actually coming from the other models and their fans ball Melodies with more on the positive side. Just being like hey, you know what? That's cool. You don't like her but we're just going to keep doing our saying I was like, okay now I got really see what's going on and at the time She actually just happened to be streaming. So I was like, hey, you know what? I it's Friday night. I ain't got enough go all fucking a fuel of fuel bill. and After watching about five know 20 minutes of a stream. I was signing up for $5 tier patreon quite a zero to a hundred moment right there may just accelerator right off the bat. Well, I like hanging out with positive people and people who try to look on the bright side. And that's all his community is sounds like yeah, I got it. I gotta get in this I got to keep it going. For sure for sure personally my experience I had I found it one day on a morning when I was going to work. I was checking my phone swipe to the swipe to the left and I sold my Google News banner and I see I forgot who it was by but I see something about a VR and grow streamer taking over the internet and the feet and real models are angry. I'm like what the hell is that? I'm like, why is this even popping up in my feet? Usually I just get like Tech news. So I quickly and the moment I clicked the I noticed that have the ChatterBait link and everything. So I'm like, okay, what is this? I never even been to try to be much you. Like I didn't even know what any of this stuff or who's All Foreign to me and I signed up for an account drop the follow see what would happen later on that day. She happened to start streaming. I was like, okay, I'm Isabel popping. Within at least 10 minutes of that I found myself advertising to my Discord. Hey, you guys should watch this is pretty fucking funny and cool of them called me a fucking dick, but I digress and later on I ended up doing the same thing as you man. I end up going to our Patron dropping a little bit of money and became the tier man and I was genuinely flabbergasted on the entire Community as a whole. The ChatterBait chat is completely different from the Discord. At least from my point of view completely different. The China Beach has full of memes it honestly feels very similar to Twitch. It kind of felt like home and then going to the Discord. It was just so wholesome and different it was very calm and I honestly didn't think I was on the right Discord for a second. Um, And I noticed all the people that were in the voice Channel while she was streaming and I said, okay, I might as well join just to see what it's like mind you I was expecting to be ear raped. I was expecting like everything to be on like you just can't understand anymore. They were was literally not one person talking over someone else everyone was that respectful mind you there was at least 25 people. Don't quote me on eBay at least 25 people in that voice Channel. I've never experienced something like that before. I mean where else can you actually understand like having just a even just a few people in my own personal Discord server. Everyone's talking over each other. It's honestly fucking ignorant. He's I find it. So amazing that how respectful are loose community. Yeah, it's it's definitely a like a culture shock when you first get in there. because When I got on the Discord, I was like, okay, this is gonna get bloody insane. I'll probably have to leave five minutes happier. Oh, yeah, but no actually hang out more that Discord going to do anywhere else and I'm a phone. I'm on the disk or tap in This Server talking with people doing whatever more than anything else on my phone now, especially during work when it's like nothing going on. Honestly man. I'm I'm gonna be truthful with you. I'm the same exact way most of the time before I found out about Melody. I would find myself either playing some games or just browsing writer or something, but now most of my spare Arms, just talk. It's everyone on the Discord service. Genuinely crazy how much this this small thing is changed away. My life goes in a little bit. Honestly who's kind of motivational for that. There is still nice people out there, especially for me personally. I was in those someone with a dark State, you know, not the best was going on a lot of bad news on top of bad news. So having this all come on really helped the person who's really nice Oh. But what do you think is the community's outlook on Melody herself? Well that question I think we Post in like two minutes going to the Discord and find out everything that we need. Everybody is absolutely just loving her 11. What you doing how she's doing it and Sorry, let's pray that I don't know what happened. But no no, I'm just gonna pick up where you left off. Just everyone loves her. It was just and it's not even just in the sexual way, like people genuinely do like her as the person that she is he is completely different from so many people out there that you look at all these candles and The females on my online. They're just trying to milk money out of people, you know while she's just not even that's not her goal at all. He's just trying to have fun and she's doing what she's doing and she brought me at least what we could tell she's just showing her true his personality and just the wonderful person that she is and that's one of the things that I think has helped her keep her community the way that it is and keeps it growing. yeah, yeah, like I But I don't really follow for like the whole we know sexual content stuff. Which don't get me wrong. It's nice. It's really really nice. I ain't gonna lie to your there, but it's just how she interacts and just means and trolls with everybody that's are the strings of this quarter Hellion or Twitter. I think it's really really cool and definitely gives her an edge in terms of interactivity with other models. Oh, I agree 100% for sure compared. That's one of the biggest things that she does. Is that she interacts with everyone in a very Wholesome Way doing everything right? I would use she's playing her cards. If this is a card game with this is chess man. She's playing it. Perfect. She's playing five each ass. That's what she's doing Pollo. She's a whole nother fucking we'd like, but I mean like if I don't know if you ever been in some of the voice chats when she streaming one of her latest ones, I don't think it was the most recent. I know is when she actually had coffee with you fucking clear extreme. She she was going to do one of her ASMR bids and it was about hand-holding. Yes. I heard about that during the street and it was so unexpected that the entire voice chat just lost it we were dying laughing. I was actually on the floor man. That was like so damn funny. I mean it's rooms a ludus interactions that you can have the someone. I mean what the hell man, he was joking. She like pool sand with it like oh shoes 100% in there man. Not even a hundred percent. She was a hundred fifty percent in with that man. She was dedicated when she was doing the whole. Oh stunt. And that's that's you know, just one of the more endearing quality of their strange odor that and they hold the roots stand stand worm. Yes yesterday was her doing this stand storm saying man, dude, her whole chat was fucking laughing. I mean who would have fucking expected out of fucking nowhere on a ChatterBait stream Darude Sandstorm starts playing well in the world. I mean, but like four different times. Yeah four different times in all different. Fucking remixes of the song it was honestly great. It was hilarious. And that's and I think that's one of the things that allows her to connect better with. her community compared to other people is that like she understands and she like gets the whole mean thing and like she Embraces that yeah. And with her blowing up, it's made everything like really really crazy. Cuz like one thing I do want to go back onto the whole piece of things said about not interrupting each other that is a common theme, but one thing I noticed like the second she shows up whether it be in a VC or in one of the channels. It just blows the fuck up and you can't you can't keep up with anything which I understand, you know, Papa a popular person. You're there you're able to Directly interact with them and everything. Oh, yeah for sure like it gets to a point where Even she can barely send out quick little message before she's gone. So I do hope in the future people kind of calm down on that and you know her actually, you know, enter it's definitely gonna be hard thing to see especially with her to just keep continue growing but I do have 100% faith in this community knowing how fucking amazing every single one of us are like, I don't know. I like trying to attack anybody or anything, of course, of course, but in it's something we all do right like, I'm sure I The same thing I was only there while she joined the safer work channel for a little bit a couple days ago. And I mean that child was flying dude. I could even read anyone's messages honestly fucking great. I enjoyed that a lot. I can only imagine what the boys channel would be like I was in one last night and it was pretty crazy. Like she actually had to switch to an Era when I was less populated. It happened to be the one I was in and it got kind of like it went from like 15 2016 5 62 people Jesus and a fuck. I wish I didn't go to sleep early and I Not only was the mic issues that I had but I kind of did that because it got absolutely crazy and when she's in a text Channel and again not attacking anybody. I kind of dip out of this court as a whole and just wait for it all to be over it. It's just insanely too much to deal with. How do you how do you think the community sees themselves? a bunch of math last I for one see myself as a scientist. I'm with the science team smile weakness that we're developing all the great technology than those he gets to use but um, I think I can answer that question myself. Well, I mean if Mary's. It varies to person to person like I see the community as like a bunch of Mad Libs because let's be honest who expect you to be in a Discord server from one to hundred dollars a month talking about 3D animator that gets naked on a website. How crazy is that? I know you're your own person right with that. You to fucking doily alone. It's kind of weird. That's kind of that's kind of its kind of mad lad territory. Obviously I own life dude. There's fucking here with the they're just enjoying this fucking whole road trip, dude. This thing's one wildest ride. Is it? One of the things though I talked about me also falls back a little bit on the whole respect thing like the dedication that her community has when it comes to anything that she brings up. So whether it be even just quoting her stream and the matter of seconds or bringing up means that were relevant literally just to that moment and people already on having it made and stuff like that or just helping her search. Just information. The whole bunch of things that the community is like really dedicating for that. You really don't see much in other people's communities to such extent and on top of all that literally forcing a website that sells posters to upgrade their servers to accommodate. Yeah. Yeah, if Wells could say that they fucking did that dude. I order you something. I mean that was that was insane. Like I just have a patreon notification. I was like, yeah, I'll check it out. See what I got. Still can't get one bottle you have to do that. And I went ahead and said Ariel five before you seriously broke the servers. This was just posted guys. Come on. I remember her putting the second post on patreon and saying alright, maybe this time they won't break. I honestly kind of fucking hilarious how we were able to break the site. I mean, like seriously within seconds, you could enjoy my patreon or whatever she wants to do. It would sink you to a 504 are obviously the server hosters probably thought they were getting DDOS. There's something they probably never expected that amount. traffic in such a short well, I mean it wasn't really a goal per se but you know with well over a hundred thousand Twitter followers 70,000 CB followers and close now to 18 thousand Twitter followers and God knows how many people are on the Discord all at once Shillings anything for lunch or whatever. It's going to get fucking hammered flattened. That's one of the things I'm finally like how fast people are to jump on these things. Like it's like wow, dude. Sometimes it blows my mind away. The people are so quick with these things. It kind of puts my whole thought of me being one of the first witch Subs showing into reality like yeah, that's probably not gonna happen. Hey, we could dream right? Hey, man, you missed one ever since shots. You don't take back we go. There we go, but quote right there. But yeah, no steam as a whole her whole commute. It's hilarious to me. I would like. Just how it is as a whole. But with that being said the science team in her community has been giving her a bunch of ideas. I only am just in terms of like ideas for future twitch streams or stuff like that. But like what do you think is something that you would like to see implemented or that she might Implement in the future that she's spoken about Well with that I'm kind of doing Chaos Theory whatever happens man. I'm just full send whatever happens is because from what I've been able to see I've been so many damn screams. She implements a lot of new things. Like I think this last game she was talking about getting more toys. So she wants to evolve which which makes it a little bit more. transmitting it will definitely be something nice to see and of course, you know with twitch that's wide open platform in all honesty like but you can go from like laying. I don't know Modern Warfare 2 just sitting there with music playing in the background just talking. Yeah, which would which would kind of help with that more I guess interactive thing because she was still there be like creative or IRL talk. I think it's up to channel topics and she just be sitting there, you know, just talking here and preach at this showing means or whatever. Oh, no, no Aunt wishes that one because it's going to allow her to relax while still being able to be with her community, you know, and it's definitely going to be something that a lot of people are going to be happy with her doing. A lot of people are worried about her and her time schedule if she's going to wear herself out or burn herself out and if she keeps doing such a hard grind that you because honestly she's going pretty hard with these things. But so far she seems fine just really something that we're gonna have to wait and see what happens. Yeah, and I appreciate the the dedication to everything but hopefully she starts putting her health everything first cuz no matter what, I guess version of the story you want to believe that is still a person behind the character and they're still you know, putting in the work and overworking yourself is one of the worst things possible because you know your health absolutely deteriorates for sure and they definitely should be pulling their health first no matter what like every single one of the people that Doctor, I guarantee fully Specter for the amount of dedication that she's putting she's putting us first over her health, which I guarantee everyone is very grateful and thankful for but the community as a whole and I'm speaking for the community. I'm sure that we want to see her health put first that being said, you know, she was a bunch of things that she could do. And I mean she had this is her career, right? This is what she's chosen. Osanai was a career path. And I mean she's able to do this 24/7. You know, she has all the Time in the World to mess with schedules and stuff like that. So I'm expecting the future to see some changes. Yeah, like when she first poster schedule I said and don't treat this as something sentence knowing it's going to change as time goes on is going to be different things trying to change the off days going to change everything. and I ain't really do hope as she gives herself more time to just sit back and chill. I know she's incredibly busy right now, you know setting up merge setting up twitch blah blah blah, but like as someone coming from a position that has over work themselves. I do hope that it doesn't get to that point because When you do overwork yourself your health T rates to such a point in some cases that you're hospitalized for like months German people can people don't understand how sick that they actually really can't get like, I'm pretty sure I have a permanent cough. When I did it from it really like every time you probably hurting you my mic that's probably because that's because I've had to actually call find it just happens. Like I'm not sick or anything. It's just a permanent thing because I was like, you know, I got time to deal with it. I got to get to work I go get that money. I'm doing the exact same thing. Now. I'm planning on the next two weeks coming up. I'm just going to be running them straight through the weekends included which is To suck. Unfortunately when it comes to Melody schedule, but having just bought a car, you know, I need this money to come in. Yeah, I've already came to the fact that there's gonna be some strange sadness, especially the morning and afternoon ones. Yeah, but I mean if I can't make it I can't think it sucks. Yes, but I'm not going to stress over it and it's me personally. I just I'm not saying by stress over but it's really just like a very unfortunate feeling like Just down my mr. Strength I can slugs and yeah, yeah and the kind of boots back to one of the reasons why I want to start this podcast because I'm pretty sure it's not just us that are in this boat. You know, the world's is very fat vast place than while with est being the only time zone that matters EST game represent broke, but, you know people have different people have lives. Not they can't always allocate a hundred percent of time to although it seems like some people fucking can apparently. You know, I mean what living different times of different parts of the world and the world is very fast place, you know. Yeah. I know there's a lot of people like ketchup really truly every stream, but I think there's more factors to that than we really know because you know, there's some people out there that much as they would want to they got something going on to way to can't get a job. So all I can really do is, you know, just Sit and browse the internet which you know, it's fine. If you can't help it you can't help it. Oh, no for sure. No, I fully agree. There's some of those on what really surprised me the most is that we actually have a lot of veterans US retired military or Marines and stuff like that part of this community that to me was one of the biggest like I don't want to say mindfuck but like a wake up to me. I was like, wow what the hell it's not just a whole bunch of preview s and teams that are just watching this shit. Yeah, like there's OSHA who's currently on a Navy ship in the United Emirates godspeed sir. There's Omega. He's a Marine. And with all that being said I do really like awakens you in a whole nother topic that like the age diversity that watches her is very very Spike wide like there's such a huge age. I don't want to say Gap like it's just a very big range between people like I think there was someone that was like 40 or something like that. And I saw in the Discord who knows how true that is, but I mean he'll why not right? I mean, yeah, you're getting I mean you're getting people from all walks of life all parts of the world like, You know, you got people from Germany a couple of you from Germany, you know you guys Bay these Danish and there's me some 23 year old dude in the South u.s. Iggy. You wanna know something actually pretty funny. I ran the statistic. the most common age in this Discord server actually is 23 Little fun fact, there are 23 gang. I can't not part of that gang unfortunate. Oh, yeah, definitely interested. easing on very awe-inspiring but you think with Twitch in the open platform that you spoke about earlier and with it being a much more interactive platform for doing some unique things with the community and like ways that Wouldn't be possible for other people that are quote unquote real. Does that make sense? Yeah, I can kind of see what you're getting at. because of who nailed he is and how she presents herself being a AI opens up a lot of doors that you know, ninja can't do or excuse t or Summit can do you know because within the limitations of over help to develop stuff and Diddy on Twitch, you know she can go from Playing like I don't know The Witcher and would like a snap her fingers. She can just do a Teleport how change a whole bunch of stuff and next thing, you know, she's on like ring fit Adventure or yeah. You know like I mean, where do you or whatever? Oh Dobie you pray interesting thing to watch her do he worries. I'll be pretty funny. And as far as her room goes in the backgrounds that she would choose. She can make like wholesale changes on the fly. Like it's all just snap of her fingers man. I like she wants to put one of her gun and bigger than a new Corner. She can do that before your screen or put like that skateboard Beijing made in in the frame. She can or like she wants to go to a whole new side of him room. She can't wear as you know, again other streamers injured some of the other examples. I get you can't really without hours of downtime. Exactly and not only that but Melody can literally go almost anywhere because she is in the VR world. She wants to go to a virtual Dubai he could fucking do that if it's out there and internet being such a vast place and knowing how fucking fast the science team does shit. I guarantee you there will be a virtual Dubai by tomorrow. And there's jokes guys know she has like I hope that's beginning Beach episode when which honestly give a person enough time. It could probably be tonight stream Cameron, honestly. but the start tying everything together and to start wrapping up things, right? She hasn't with the whole new month. It's almost nearing month of her streaming on ChatterBait. It is the fourth and she started on the 7th of last month right now. She hasn't been very vocal on the whole last month, but she's been very vocal about how she's very thankful and like she's so like in awe of how everything and how fast everything develop she's quotes a lot of this on Twitch. What do you how do you feel about her saying all the stuff like how she felt about the whole last month? I think it's very heartwarming and I guess gives a lot of elevation to a lot of people because you know going back to hold the first three of these courts everything most people, you know don't have a lot of change there around so I think it gives a bit more validity to signing up for the patreon and to me it feels about A lot more genuine than most people if if you know what I mean know for sure for sure. I definitely agree with that. Coming from the third person view that we are because we're not Melodies. We don't know her true feelings, but coming from that third person view and how she voices herself on all these platforms. It is like you said very heartwarming amazing the stuff that he's doing. He's creating history. Right and we're part of that history. truly amazing how this in just one month how much has been done and it's only been the first month we have years to come. You know, I definitely can't wait to see the future of everything and everything how it all unfolds. Honestly upward from here. We could only go up really there. There is no doubt. And twitch YouTube and who knows what else you sure collaborations? I know she wanted to do one with the anime man. I know Elon Musk. Obviously that's going to be definitely a that's that's a goal right there. He got to make that happen. Yeah all all these things. Definitely. You're looking good for the feet. Yeah Yeah by I'm hyped about the future and what can or could happen it's going to be an interesting time because as you said we are Creating experiencing and living history in the making because like yes, there's been other, you know, V tubers you people doing in a sense what Melody is doing, but she is pretty much the first cam girl version of what we do was do and it has opened up such. Why Market back? I don't know if you noticed but there's other people trying to latch onto the coattails of all this there's more and more popping up on CV and everything. Oh, yeah for sure and it's always good. Look. Let me allude to Tesla real quick Elon Musk has been driving the innovation in Revolution of electric vehicles. And now you see all these main Karma. Facture starting to take electric vehicles seriously, and it's and that's literally exact same thing as Melody is don't she's become the first ChatterBait. Well, not just chatter be 51st. ER cam girl. And now a bunch of them are popping up just like you said and there's always going to be copying. Some of them might be truly unique to Melody and have their own. I said this their own like little quirks or gimmicks, which is awesome. Right like Nam. I'm not going to put down anyone, you know, and Melody wants to see all those people succeed to like, which was awesome. That's one of the things I also do love about her is that she's not putting down any one always wants to see the best from everyone which is great. Yeah. Yeah, and I think that's opened up a lot of opportunities for just being you know, so positive and opening to work. Anybody, you know, the guns data song and releases only eight hashtag plug and you know, there's a talk of versus I see pop up on the server every now again B is apricot, which makes absolutely amazing art. And you know, there's even other like actual cam girls from CB they're like talking with her and be like, yeah, that's cool. Yeah, whatever I support this and there's other VR people like the whole whole alive. Crew they actually, you know on their morning new show for Japan actually had her on and talked with her a little bit, which was insane. Yeah, and there's also silver Veil. Which from what I understand with a quick look at our Twitter is trying to do the same thing Melody's doing but I think she started on Twitch first not see be interested and going back to everything about like how there was there was there's always been like be tubers and all those things like that. One of the things that Melody is doing differently in this is why she's blown up so quickly again goes back to her being Interactive. with her community unlike anyone else You don't see Hatsune Miku having fun with her community and shit like that. Right? Like well, I mean with Miki. She's the most literal version of a a I know 100% paper because I make you started out as a whole like voice program. That's all the works of Vocaloid and then it just blew up to her what she has now. But that interactivity kind of difficult to do at least on the same level as Melody. It can't be done. But I'll have to be like through a bunch of machines and processes and then because reply they were they need to do is get the computer that Melodies running obviously. He's run out of some Google supercomputer. But ya know that what she's doing is truly amazing it hopefully can't wait. anyway thank you so much for joining me on episode one of the melody our know just made that 15-minute Mark it's not an hour but once again I wish I could shake your hand right now but thank you so much for joining me sober I'll catch you around and with this word everyone you can plug your Discord name your cousin messimer oh yeah some of this court is silver 6233 obviously this is my name for just about everything five four three one though Twitter PlayStation whatever silver 6233 yeah I did the melody route just made it simple hey that's all you gotta do all right but yeah that was awesome good talking with you and I hope I could definitely have you in the future on another episode now let's see what happened there all right man well thank you guys everyone for listening to The Melody of our and I'll catch you in the next one peace see