Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature objects past experiences includes water and wastewater treatment biofuel industry microbiology River Restoration in cell biology. Abhishek, so tell me about the current status of wastewater treatment across the world and how is Wastewater affecting human the marine life around the world. So the garden wastewater treatment processes across the world are not really that well established almost 85 percent of the waste water that gets produced goes out into the oceans without being treated and most of the wastewater treatment plants actually exist in The developed nations with underdeveloped countries dealing with Waste Water by using simpler methods such as septic tanks and this is harmful to the environment as well as to human health because once the waste water is discharged into the environment be it into the oceans or even fresh water bodies such as rivers or lakes humans have the chance of actually coming in contact with the water and therefore, you know, by being exposed to the water. Ami water itself, they can get diseases or it can affect the livelihood in terms of save their livelihood depended on the water if by a fishing or tourism, I think that is the biggest effect that we're seeing worldwide which is apart from health effects. It's also affecting the livelihoods of people who depend on the water interesting in it seems like a big issue with Wastewater is this perception of Wastewater where maybe people look at Wastewater as just Being a waste or there's no I heard a constant theme from unleash was there's money and shit. So what is this perception with Wastewater? And what are maybe some of these these true economic opportunities that could be done with waste water. So the Paradigm around baseball is actually changing or has changed only over the past five or ten years before it was all about just all we need to treat our Wastewater so that we are not discharging unclean water into the iron meant but then it actually came down to what can we get out of our waste streams and it's actually not just Wastewater. It's also other Solid Waste streams such as if you take for example food waste or Brewery waste or dare you waste all of these streams have potential resources, which we can tap on and this is a great Avenue because in general according to me around the whole environmental sustainability narrative, the reason why I feel governments as well as She was don't really want to investors because there's less monetary incentive and it seems more to be like a philanthropic project rather than being an economic economically viable project. So this economic trade off between environmentally sustainable practices and economic growth or development. I feel is kind of the reason why we don't move towards more sustainable practices, but that is why the whole there is money in shit narrative is important because There are resources such as energy in the form of biogas from Wastewater and solid waste streams important nutrients such as nitrogen and phosphorus also other important chemicals, which can be obtained. And now they're also trying to remove micro Plastics from waste water streams while it is one of the waste streams, but all of our shit pretty much lands up, it's also almost like a gold mine where if we can collect all of it back from these waste streams without applying energy intensive methods. Then it might actually be profitable and I think that's where there has been a shift towards getting resources or money out of wastewater treatment systems interesting. And so you talked about earlier that the majority of Waste Water Systems and services are in urban areas how based on the challenges you just presented but also the opportunities how is it possible and and and what's being done to provide Wastewater services to the urban poor or the rule? Poor or just some of these these other developing countries around the world. So the first reason why we saw dream naturally exists in denser areas or urban areas because it's simply more feasible to treat a large amount of waste water. And also if you're for example adopting biological methods, you need a lot of organic content in your Wastewater to actually treat it and dilute waste waters are more difficult to treat but also less harmful for the environment obviously. But that's one which is which is one of the reasons why we have wastewater treatment plants in urban areas our denser areas to answer the second question, which is what can actually be done to give more access to a spa treatment. I think the issue is that most older cities were developed without actual piping systems connecting to their waste streams. We usually have piping systems which connect to our tabs which provides drinking water or water for portable use, but not a lot of NSYNC, especially in developing countries are connected with piping systems that take away their sewage, which is one of the first problems. So if there is a lack of lead piping system, there's no way you can actually have centralized wastewater treatment because you don't have the type interested it take the water out which is why a lot of places are actually exploring decentralized baseball treatment for one. I know that in in Addis Ababa the capital of Ethiopia, they have explore decentralized ways for people because approve approving pie. Existence of teasing you won this way too expensive and in a lot of countries like in the Caribbean islands, simply not a priority to put forward wastewater treatment simply because it's really expensive to have centralized base for equipment. And therefore it's not the government's priority really and there are a lot of factors apart from just whether we should have baseball people are not such as the but I think it's very case sensitive. It needs to be centralized or decentralized. Relies based on the situation of the urban area itself. However, their needs to be minimum wage for treatment or solid waste treatment at least in the form of C septic tanks or small decentralized treatment plan for on a community basis, which can be carried out before we discharged these wastes directly into the water body. And it seems like with every Water Project around the world. One of the most important things is to take a Grassroots approach and approach it on a case-by-case basis. Really understand the problem and reverse engineer the solution the whole problem Framing and then solution of course, but with all these different communities seems like every Community has its own perception of waste how let's say within let's say it places in South Asia or it may be a lewd to your to your unleash project here. How do you create the incentive to actually care about Wastewater when it's never been thought of as anything valuable before I mean, is that something you could do through economics with less safe with tourism lost or something that you can look at with the health benefits of doing it or how do we create incentives to perceive Wastewater something that is desired and cool. So I kind of visualize this as two different levels of conversation. The first is if we just talked about common people they don't really Have any incentive if we get resources resources out of Wastewater because that's not on a centralized level. And for example, if I get energy in the form of biogas from Wastewater, the biogas just gets sent back into the electricity grid and I mean apart from being very well educated. I wouldn't see how people were actually know about this fact or how they would benefit from it apart from possibly. Just getting maybe some credits, but for common people I think health and health effects as well. What affects them on a daily basis a lot more I come to it. I mean, I have expected two different demographics and you know having worked in India with we actually have open drains and open sewers in a lot of slums which are very densely populated people in those communities are directly exposed to open sewer systems as well as direct Wastewater discharge into rivers near them and then they possibly use that River for their daily life such as washing clothes. Possibly fishing in that River and this is probably the story across a lot of cities in and villages in South Asia or Africa. And for these people I think the common education and awareness is the first big step because if they are not even aware that if they are for example getting a staph infection after a couple of months of going into that water. They probably don't even know that that is one of the reasons why they got it for example in our unleash perspective the project that we actually He carried out was that in a small island of st. Lucia which is actually a story of a lot of Caribbean islands where one of our teammates she went into the ocean where baseball was directly being discharged right next to her home and she got a staph infection about a couple of months after that and apparently the doctors were not really aware that it was happening because of direct contact from contaminated Waters in the ocean itself. They probably assumed I was from the drinking water. Our faculty water from veins around their homes, but there seems to be a lack of basic awareness among people for common people that is on a higher level though. The incentive obviously is bigger force a big Corporation energy companies people are companies which are looking at resource recovery. For example, an important nutrient that is essential for all life forms on Earth is phosphorus and at this point ninety percent of the phosphorus that actually exist in the world is in country. Morocco and pretty much every country Imports it from Morocco. And Canada is one of the biggest importers actually so now they're looking at extracting phosphorus and Wastewater because naturally human beings and animals excrete phosphorus which goes out through the Wastewater stream and they have actually successfully commercialized pilot plants where they can extract phosphorus from Wastewater and use it as fertilizer. So on a higher level this is an incentive for governments as well as for big corporations where they can get money. Of this passage as well as reduce their Imports of important minerals. Whereas for common to climb things education is the biggest starting point because if you're not even aware that what you're sending out is polluting the environment and indirectly coming back full circle to affect you. I think that is the problem that we have to deal with the Common People interesting and yeah, it seems like there's I do love the idea of taking a previously thought about ways. Waist and turning into an economic input or creating some type of new output. It does seem like that needs to be shown and proven and tested and so so on that are you aware of anyone who's maybe wasn't using Wastewater Technologies, but now is as adopted Wastewater Technologies and is actually a Wastewater strategies for that matter and whether it's top to bottom or bottom to top any companies or countries in particular you think that are good examples for people to learn about so from my knowledge, I think we are because obviously the leader in all sorts of environmentally sustainable practices and wastewater treatment is no different for example countries of Netherlands Denmark the Scandinavian countries have already really Advanced wastewater treatment processes Singapore has actually perfected getting drinking water out of waste water, which is called new water now though it's expensive but for a country, which is actually short in drinking water they have Found their ways of getting clean water out of waste water and they have perfected the process of Water Reclamation. But I think again going back to the point that it's very case-specific and unless countries actually need to do it. They don't really have the incentive to do it as what I feel for example a country like Canada which has which has abundant natural water. It's they don't really have the incentive to reclaim water from me. A spoiler but they do have the incentive to possibly get resources such as new nitrogen phosphorus out because they lack that so it's going to be case but sensitive across the world and I know for a fact that Canada is really advancing its wastewater treatment policies. They have established tertiary treatment plants across the big cities of Vancouver Montreal and Toronto and now even the smaller cities such as Victoria are starting their first wastewater treatment plants because of the coastal areas be Yudhisthira's untreated Wastewater discharge and I know for a fact that in India as well and especially the big City's wastewater treatment is becoming a big priority possibly not in terms of very Advanced treatment, but at least they're starting off with at least up to the secondary treatment stage so that the more that the F1 that goes out is cleaner. So I think if countries and governments are taking steps, but the other issue which I just want to shed light. On is that planning for a restocking the band takes ten years and probably another 10 years to actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 years later and with you know similar to what many things happened in the world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out their future. So I think apart from just building base for him transferred today or even other treatment plans, for example, if you're trying to all the climate crisis or even trying to clean our air our Solutions need to be sustainable instead of just being for the next 10 or 20 years because emerging pollutants keep coming all the time for example microplastics there now big pollutant that are emerging in base working on pants and we have no design for that capture them and avoid the release of the auto so small things like these we need to build sustainable plants and have sustainable policies as well which account for sustainable Keep and practices which don't require too much energy. These are the small things that especially countries in Europe have really taken forward and other countries are following Pursuit. But again, it's just not a priority for a lot of countries. Whereas other countries can focus on it because they have the means to do it. Yep. And you bring up a good point to or sometimes we are focused on building a project today. We're focused on the population today and it's may be hard for a current politician or someone. Government that's making these budget decisions to think about something that's not within their term limit, you know something that's absolutely population 25 years down the road and I mean within the United States North America, we had huge popular huge infrastructure booms and the 30s and 40s 50s, and then they all have a 50 75 year lifespan and we have infrastructure now supporting populations that were infrastructure that was designed for much smaller populations serving. Huge populations in dealing with all the different storm water runoff and waste water contamination and that you know in America's perceived to be a developed country. But even that has the struggle with the not the proper allocation of true resources from the infrastructure standpoint to the population. Well, it's just that the ability the really plan 25 years out like you said, that's so that to me that seems to be a significant challenge so And actually u.s. Is a good example because the other perspective is the opinion of the public for example in Orange County when California was having a shortage of actual water. They wanted to reclaim water from Wastewater. But then this the public the society was not really happy about cons like consuming water which was obtained from Wastewater. So what they did was they recharge the app for aquifers with this treated water so that they can finally get a with the groundwater that we're taking out. So I think the taboo with Wastewater is another angle to things where the government can't just claim something from it without also keeping in mind the aesthetic value of water itself what people perceive it to be so that's another complicated for angle with the u.s. Exists as an example. Yeah interesting. I mean and I'd love to continue to learn more and hear from you. Maybe have final thoughts. On some sort of if people want to learn more about different Wastewater Technologies, or if you have any sort of final thoughts suggestions around Wastewater in general for someone looking to get involved with Wastewater engineering or possible collaboration projects or anything. So I think the first question that if anybody's interested to know what the where they're resorted goes, you know, what's happening the water after they use it they should go to the website of the local water board and see see what's actually happening with the water. And how much of it is getting treated. The other thing is that every state and every district and every country has their own discharge standards for water. So if you want to see the water around you especially if you're living in coasts, if you actually want to see what is the quality of water that's being discharged around you there should be data on online to see what is the quality of water that's being discharged. Now, there are seven countries. For example, the Caribbean Just one of the examples we took an Unleashed where this data is not even available simply because it's so bad quality so bad that they don't even reveal it. So I think the first question that people who are remotely interested in knowing about their the where than water is going is asking the question about what is the quality of water that's going out and how much of it is being treated. But if you're actually take interest in taking up restored peace to men or say anything in the Wastewater industry commercially. Now there are several corporations and private and public sector undertakings which are working on this and there are several resources available online obviously to actually learn about baseball keep and different processes that happen, but the best starting point would be learning about where your water goes and what's happening to it. I think I'm a man. Well, I wish I could thank you so much for your time today. I really enjoy having me learn about all things Wastewater and Forward to the next time. Yeah same here. I hope you have a good day. What's up, STG talks world. I really enjoyed this conversation with Abu shag talking about all things Wastewater. One of the things that I find so fascinating is looking at how do we change this perception of Wastewater? Obviously, give some good examples talking about how do you how do you expand health education awareness about why people are getting sick by having Wastewater mentioned the project in the Caribbean where people are getting staph infections. I think people knew that they were getting staph infections from inadequate Wastewater that would put more pressure on the government's to actually Focus. Wastewater that was really interesting to also understand that 95% of the phosphorus that's export around the world is coming from Morocco whereas humans and our excretions are creating Wastewater phosphorus in the Wastewater. So why not just find a way to extract the phosphorus from there and utilize their for some other inputs where we need phosphorus probably the most interesting things is looking at our perception around actual planning urban planning takes a lot of time smart cities takes a lot of effort but how Do we actually not plan for today but plan for tomorrow and when I mean tomorrow, I mean 20 30 years down the road frankly 2030 this whole roadmap to the United Nations sustainable development goals. It's not far away. So we gotta start quick get start fast and let's get on it. Thanks for listening to the STG talks podcast. Make sure to check out all the show notes for Relevant links from the show. Please share and follow scg talks and social media and stay tuned for updates from the unleash in United Nations Community goal of the STG talks is to bring you good content. If you want to learn about something specific or have suggestions, please let us know. Look forward to seeing you next time on sdg top.