Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for haven't eaten the sexy.Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah. No idea what the fuck they're talking about. I think to be great. Once that's over the one the other one Mexicans and Americans from I can't fucking speak Mexican sir. Well, they wore it well before we go any farther or for the complaint of her complaint already. What am I talking about? Is your thought I would get it believe me. He's like come on, whatever that was it now too much Freedom. I'm dead too much Sweden. You need to cut out kind of fucking help. Oh shit. Oh, fuck. Oh wait, who's this complaint thing? Well not running that or just say that the not happy about the Moon is real and it comes out your mouth because it's like everything but there's something I know I all right. I'll have your our fucking look well to be honest. I'm just being me. That douche we're up. She's gonna be Batman. Turn it up Yangtze. I'm really glad I think see you. Try it on anyway late and I feel we have just started don't be in that's right. Yeah Ben, right he needs to enter you something so that I'm sexy of an English translator. Is that that organ I saw again? That's probably a streamer. So you need right? Okay. Just what do they tell anybody? Ian and about any has to be fair, I think maybe we should keep it away because if I'm sworn to watching - they're gonna track you down exactly boss might come looking for me. I think you should just keep it in under the deal, right? That's what would the weight. So I'm Bob, right? So I'm pretty sure Rob as going to have things to talk about maybe Ben. I'll have one of two things to throw in but I've got another list of shaped to talk about excellent. Let's seems to be a theme. I believe we're not going to go out of the comments that we had for last well for the last podcast but comments for the a bit ridiculous comments about the Sun and that is true. It was only through it was on the advice. Was it true when you go and you find an answer that must be true? on Facebook Facebook's like join seed Don't let's just say don't talking shit, man. And these last two joints it to you, but you're talking nonsense as second last message was agree to disagree. I'll be looking at for your next episode than that to me is like something they run over fork and rubbish running before moving are giving you because it's not worth it because you're talking sorry. He knows who you really are. Track you down. Shut your fucking hole. That was that was off the back over there. The sun does not not the Earth knows if this is the earth doesn't have evolved in the sun. I when it clearly does what it spins around the Sun. It's nice. He's that the F doesn't he wrote it from the Sun? What in the sun turns around the earth. I don't know what you mean. What do you mean because why you partner with my CC a nurse is real clear science website looks apology. Well it does but that's because of signs. He people are not web design and it clearly states are technically Earth does not orbit around the sun. But I'm does I'm not getting into the whole that look at the graphs another. I had no way to hold the ball for the graph just to window but I believe of an adventure into the machine where you talking about man. Well, I think an email address and we'll auction them pillows contact us, right. Let's see if we can contact the mirror and your childish it right there. We write well. Maybe I should take back what I'm saying because like the contact is there's a lot of emails and no no, it's a western that it's real clear politics.com or politics involved. I was talking to believe it won't turn off to you for nothing. Right. So anyone else feel last week the minute you bring up before we get into that sweet kind of man who put in the comments will have got a comment like wonder what we do that though. I don't know great. This is the he'll paint will discuss right? Well, I think where we're going and it done with unites. I'm going to pull up their message here is Right. I was testing before sorry about that. I just wanted to tell you that I've been listening to your podcast. I'm Mexican and I think it's really really interesting trying to understand what you guys are saying in Scottish, but good job, keep it up and maybe by weekly podcasts would be fun. But keep it up. I really really enjoy your You're coming in your accent particularly. So good job guys. I want to jump on first met go it really really enjoys it. Yeah, but maybe by liquid maybe bi-weekly, so it doesn't fucking enjoy enough for it to be fucking weekly. It's just well for it's not far wrong. Anyway, because by really well as and he said he enjoys your accent. So I'm at the window. I'm gone see you later. We could probably initial. Thanks for your input. Probably anyway, who was it? What was his name? You just name was? Hmm. Is it that like that's him Jose jalapenos though, and he's named as monolo or buyer. I think I'm planning some shit with names. So see if someday message again. Man for just said Manola up in that's Magnolia. Okay, Manola Abaya. I think I would recommend Claudia clarify because I'm is it Mexico? I said it was mix of can see this big thick and that was it and makes it cool. Or was he and fuck up Parliament and Wellman, we are Mexican accent obviously actually and Mexico send another message to mix because if it was you goes to the top a little bit as being the follow Story So Far right it is but I'm not selling off all got fucking liked it. I bet it may be out here all day. Oh fuck. I'm fuck. I for all of that, but we'll just going to get to that because I'm always fuck. Better know that they're supposed to do because without fucking from where we won the help, he's scrolling. The central is sexy on the way was holiday wish to come. And the world and the world know as can he be. Hey, that's about body thing at the talking about right especially when were talking about Scotland like every episode but scrunch what the weather sucks. It was abusive. He's a quite sexy. Well depends really go that the scenery as sudden we feel that she but and the folk on bro the fucker fear depending on who you are enough. Well if your face bonus may know so much but you better hope they're as nice as well. I mean we will wash it as a social song exactly. We went for a drive the fourth volume. Mmm. We went there to take a couple of football. I went there to take a couple of those rubbers their army we got there. We had been there for water Leaf 3 minutes. We could see Glenn cool clear as day and I lift my eyes blue skies. There was a couple of clouds both in seconds, my bad, man. This morning it was snowing and the mountain just fucking disappeared. It was like David David Copperfield had been their nest and then 30 seconds later. I was blue skies again. Hi, the result was niewind. And the reason we were there is the rush it break. Let's say that was the ship Rick. Not exactly, right but the ship ship ship without a p at the end. You should translate that. This is a shit wreck. No, I surely ship or this is going to be X am price little a ship at the edge of the water. It's like obviously I run aground. Over winter fur and like I mean, it doesn't move that foot will let like should have been like 10 seconds click done and I we we were there for about 45 minutes 45 minutes almost an hour just hide them underneath the boat try to get away from the snow. I and then the guy this weird guy just up here to an area. They look like Stalin still not as watching us. I look like a thin weak of a snit Popeye. Stand there as well obviously taken aback the wire. Well, that's what I thought because you did like dress like a seal. Well, why don't we see we have little bit now you go fucking Silas off. That's how people end up with the hair. My father and I write M. So as that anyone else before we move on I kind of made that means it's not that important. There we go. There we go, em comments that they're all the comments about. That's the mall and partly John but we're not going to bother joints because John's talking rubbish. He's talking about the sun in the building that tell me I'm a liar. That's not true. It was true. It was too hasty about your history and they believe you but anyway Guardian really good, so He just won't lead to say his name again. I mean, oh Bob the Mexican was it jalapeno. Thanks for saving the message. It was really nice. He comment and you're right bi-weekly as the way to go because I'm busy like pretty much all week. So let's me plan on week one record week two and then Continue that SQL unless oh, yeah if we go that many foreigners. I think if we get out of those in Fork. Waking the page commenting a yes, I'm gonna pull a good test isn't will be really whole as I think of all that's that's a commitment and a half, right? Okay, I'll go with that if we can get up to a thousand a thousand less novels and by lesson has been mean people that actually physically like the Facebook page so we can keep track of who these people are. Yeah. So we need numbers, right? So get she hadn't I wouldn't kill him. She has killed before we can to anyone else and I should really mention that the GoFundMe thing because people are going to be thinking about taking a password is oh, all right episode 3 and what asking for 1,600 pounds which is now dropped down a 500 pounds. And the reason why I asked for the money has been We're having technical issues. About having really do it by button which is still there, but it's just noise load. I can still hear another sort of you. But all right, I'm Mabel. I love it, but we're stuck here because we can't hang with us a comment. Yeah, right and I found this cool be device that allows us to record all in one unit. And that's more bill or we need to do is take the microphones, but me for put your face. Here's a fifth sisters or by the way, you can come early enough Carolina and stay for a week. Can do the podcast a little candy like a to but did we no speak up at that last week that if I wanted to go over the others are place here is the she's never responded, but, you know, I love being Bible, but there's also try I was but couldn't we Coulda done that put my faith as a person. I got in touch with us after episode one from North Carolina and none of us know stop random person that sent us a message. Seeing that she understood the right thing Anjali to show like this one has to understand it. I don't have a fucking clue you on about Jesus Christ me a little bit later on technically. Yeah. I mean that's yeah, technically you're right Trio installing, right? Okay, so Am I the whole GoFundMe thing as so that we can get money to fund equipment so we can go about more mobile. So what no stock down here because the noise that were getting this buzzing noises actually Amplified from the noise from the atmosphere behind this wall. It's getting on technical now as its passing me off, but we can see that kind of your mind. But um, I can slight tiny bus. Well, you can bet he doesn't and then or about headphones one of the to pay anyway, that's for the GoFundMe things about and while we're at it give us your money if you can any any little helps, but more importantly more importantly than Governor's money. Give us content. I give us messages you need to send messages and Even if it's just a tip, that's really Ah, that's fine. Yeah, I'm want for that mean at the end of the if this is a level this recording is going to be fine. If people are enjoying it and don't know what they give them money absolutely fine as absolutely famous don't mean to be but it wasn't as long as the busins there. That's not one of the I'm happy with that go bot. I'd like to do better. But more importantly I would like the messages fuck the money. Just get the message out, but throw them off could have but I did. Wait to move it on right because that kind of takes me NT and this thing and basically it's handy that bends here, right? Because these are like Scottish words or phrases that only really like I'm seeing it Scottish wasn't pleased because it's really only Scottish people that see these things right? There may be migrated to different countries because people hear it and pick her up, but predominantly it's like squash. Right before I know every single one good. It's only took only three year. We'll be testing but before we get into that, right, I want to ask you a question. Far away your English. Yeah woven in Scotland. Engaged to be married just course Lassie. You're watching the football England vs. Scotland as a whole one eye who you voting for ha ha ha careful if it's like they're all copper something England because Scott start off with the does like we Book about this the remarks of rivalry between Scotland and England but is just so you know, which one of these words which is how whilst Atlas and Tosh. All right one knows our bannermen. Yes. That's a Scottish. What is it? It's a squash what? Yes, well apparently slowly started between the fire. I build that the number for that but they just made it more potent bit of oil which is another one I yes or yeah, awesome. Exactly. Yes. I see it gets confusing sometimes because we will talk when the first one it can. All right, you can can we can Kenya the own against can do because The fuckers and Kim food Fox. Can I thought you thought my name was Kenneth a bad move. So these are these are all just shape. But the reason the saying I do this is because the word of the fortnight. But I fan of these even bothered because if the kids need to change our economy, he thinks he was what message only see I was gonna but I'm here anyway, so we'll get to that but the thing is, right. Nobody's born. So I'm thinking about doing this just to give the movie but when and say now we play a hand. That's why I've decided to that's like somebody was not pop up a bit later on. Yes. So pop. What's here, dear? Alright achieve a little bit. I Googled it. Oh and then I would say the sentence first. That's an English would even say it Lee's got small packs so meant because it means tips so he's got small tits so that Couple of well, I could have fucking massive. It was about but as that wrong, I will fucking lie to your way off, but lots of leaving us by can only believe in a bit of a sudden when when the sun and then well-done meat. You're right. We what this part mean Bill pop pop that there are many different as like fat. There's many different ways. You can take it right and I don't know if I'm thinking And we as you're thinking science sentence or something lets you and I sentence. Don't say I've got small paps Howard. I'm she had that pop means to move Saint at the be quite popular the road. So what the the correctly is, I'm gonna pop you out on your ear. I in other words this throw out or that's true. He's Gonna Knock You Out in your ear not part means just throw him. He's gonna do Chuck D fling. I knew that I was just testing you nothing. Going to pop you that door. All right, that's that's all close enough. No, you want to be well, unless you're over there pop beat the dog on my test, which I know the advice I would go on for another what the default might look like. What the fuck I didn't shouldn't get mine. You should be awarded a week. Well you kind of have brought the Vikram or bi-weekly. Let's not get enough water the bi-weekly what did the by we need a thousand followers with the because you've got water week again. It's just gonna have you what the form a word of what are the bi-weekly what does the what does the every saying week the word pray just for the world the world the world the world this time as Wally's while I know that one while he's away. So again, like all other episodes will have to get answers on Facebook Facebook or I got it or an anchor I can send this on and see I think while he's means I could do that I yep see and I said, I'm just going to send one and so I think while he's missed at least got some more tips well And that message wait. So another couple of words, right? Chancellor Oh, you're a Chancellor. That's not why what well as snore Scottish, what is most used and Scott? Well, that's also true of no reason other than England not much, but I'll fucking out all the time up here. But what do they want? All right, think of what any can't think of any stuff my head. I think well all the ones I've guys everyone's telling me sorts wearing well telling you to stop swearing but What is the week is nonsense nonsense? He's the one got it, right. That's like fizzy juice a fuzzy just half-ass. That's a fun laugh Scottish think that that's not squash fuzzy juice. No, but it got Pop. I don't quit park with Izzy you could do in the other and see it gets Juiced the look. He's assessing your stripper from can't you call it. Fizzy. You got fuzzy. You know, you've got Pop Pop's a bit fucking those. Yeah, of course, you can juice pop. That's what I was going to see but that's that's what they said in there wasn't no na well than that. Anyway, I really came to that. You know, I bet and watch them is a London accorded pop. He was in London. That thought in mind. All right. Well sometimes it I'm English. I'm going to say yeah. Well, I think surely those changes are that sometimes traveled in England more walk and over the same place all the time in the Rochester area. You got that Shepherd boy and Chips Ahoy. That's a sexist and get them chippy down there. You just go and you see a kind of a fish supper power of know those for you. Great what you can't get the fucking La Pizza Crunch and stuff. It's just chips sausage pie. And that's about it. Well, that's kinda what I found when I was down there and like even the chappies that D like fish and chips when you ask them for a fresh supper. They just look at you as if like, you're a fucking idiot. Why do they wear so many fucking name? What's the fucking problem? Would you like covid on it? I have run reels my sauce. Would you be open source tarball? I don't know what this all the princess everything's tomorrow. So it's not brown. See that's just as well your uncle Brown salsa way when I first came out but even though it's quite sexy now. She's weird crossbreed. Although there is one thing that I've got to say about the English the canno sort of the traffic. See when I'm going to in England, right the roads are a nightmare as soon as you have the English border. You've won a really nice to play with and see when you overtake. He's a fucking decency a fucking more than fall back and say they said no they are not you're not getting past me. I'm fucking slow as fuck me. You're not getting past me. I should be here because I'm a fucking car. That's why he did anyway - faces juice. Tony can I say it don't I Danny that means up? Yeah, then they will you need to translate that. Yeah means. I don't know yet that it does really can't don't know maybe sit under the attorney can almost worth now. You see it don't do anything like that. So it's a Danny Caine. Yeah that and things I don't know. Well, I don't say the words it sounds dirty. But if I say I it sounds weird why? But you said I see that I was all right. That was perfect because I could be you the funny thing is right. See when you see it. You sound Scottish Rite. She even he seizing it, right? It sounds like 99.9% there. But the other one are .01 is no getting there. I well. I have not enough iron Brewers one. You know what makes me think he is not is not put in the effort and like that. Says a proper. I think it's just like I know what it's like it's not manly I just like so here we go. Wait you say it? Hey, I just fucking pirate. Aye aye aye. This is really co-pilot. You should be doing like Pilots. They caught a beautiful enemy will call them gay Bush Street with that's my favorite. No pirate right dick. Do you know what brick as fine a fucking word isn't yeah. Yes. What do we drink? You say that? What does it mean for us to see at Sandra Dee shit day? Yeah. Well as I guess that way Sighs way renin drift would use that word a lot in Scotland. And this is this is actually from a European website. I'm getting this right and drink as described across my like your because it's it feels when you finally tell by the way, as I said that I should be something that's not this is a new find it. Yeah the new fancy chairs at the house. This is the old Shetty cheer. I'll sew your button STL and Noble it up just in case not because I did all my work at the office. I just come down here record as a paid and getting the nutrients or water comfy seat for you to be certain. Yeah, come on fucking chaos. There's probably come for the my arms. These are Eric, but if I was moving back on so according to this website Greek actually means that M Scotland has a fair share of gloomy weather fucking fashion. It's fucking Fisher for the these are drop and gree. You just described it as drift. Circle it I would have put that is for these are fucking passionate and fucking dick. Wait. What was that one about can the one above Ken? Yeah. I was just about to say that well actually because I'm scanning through these I'm going to go through them all upstairs. I'm going to try that. Hold your whisht. How'd you hold your whisht? Miss show up then. Yeah, you know that because I've been told that Reach high, right so Ken as the obvious one. But what messages did you know message is what I don't know meant for compare but it's like shopping stuff in it. All right. All right. Well, it depends on the quantity is my some message is well, I because I usually like when I was growing up. I used to sit my dad quite a lot really gone. Just got a message. Hmm. So bulk and you believe it was weird because like I always grew up thinking messages wasn't like sending a text or like sending messages back and forth when I got a message got it by the shop and you cool like sandwiches and that pieces and he's never heard of that before I can walk over what had happened John. I've never done a thing called a piece. No, no fucking Saint your sandwich. Sawney, that's all we are is just like a line of it was not that far apart. Can we use the first couple weeks up here was a nightmare. I just smiled at another that everything. So I feel like I did that why they tell you Bomar. I hope I'm getting this Reef. I believe watch the news at my work. I find it really difficult because the job that I do real work with truck drivers. I'm not going to guarantee if we are or when or how but I work with truck drivers, right and the have this like total necessity to tell you what they've got to do in a day it seemed merely I got one. I've got like jobs. I've got the invoice now. I've got things I've got to organize and if I was to sit and talk to some there with that they would fucking shoot me and I would Probably understand but the common where's my more going to be late? If you'd only be in penrith for two o'clock and then I'm going to I was option 6 o'clock this morning, and I've got I've got a meeting to get back to so I kind of you sitting here all day and I've got a doctor's appointment. Everybody's got fucking done on my own. I don't drop this one put the fucking door and it does my hidden. It really doesn't hurt them because your heart me I'm interested in what you've heard today. I've got my instructor fucking work, but you don't mean fucking sit in the waiting room waiting on your truck. I can go get some fail. And so I thought it was kind of aspect but I am really really really don't like an imaginary line. Between Scotland and England even like other than academic pieces further up from London and that they just it's just all downhill from there. All right, assuming you've got Island seeing you what happened in your listen to them. You have to record and Playback rate in slow motion to work with the fuck but actually got built-in High. I mean we got them can barely understand of the tongue became how do we even bike or the whole area for that would I'll be okay. We need to get you something about what he expected. Don't be funny. If anyone's listening from Aberdeen send a voice messaging I sending sending a long message because a long message would property I'm about five seconds. We feel right and another one MP Lee Wally. I've heard that but I think it's the pile and yes, yes, Polly Wolly. You're looking off it. Ely Wally what about right pure body awesomeness? This is one hot of never uses are now that's your part as an Exquisite Ona mean I've helped people using it but no money. Yeah, no money was to me. It means going good. Fantastic. The description is as abroad 2.0. That's not a problem. He's not fucking good dog. She's bro, if the person she is it means that's bro. That's probably some profit flower. You've got there. So bro cabbage cabbage. I don't know. What for the wife. Watch the pure right what Raj right, right. I've heard it. I'm not building you've been up to Suffer that bye Mama dickhead no, that's what sort of line up Ragin to be to be fair, right Jazz becoming more of a name rather than at the swivel and Glasgow is a description. You have your garage garage. You feel Raj? Hi, I wasn't me because I had been cooked that may know someone called me. All right gone mental. You may know La well, I read you the definition for this website because There's a what they use the are faint absolute fucking fastening. They go for it reg means someone who is rambunctious or aggressive. I've never ever ever ever ever in my life been called rambunctious, but I've never been called that. I don't actually called aggressive and I am rank right now stockings no more word in it. All right through life thinking that horrible. Yeah, I thought was English. Oh, you're right going the shoes that will be so we say Jenkins the flow your tank same thing. Sadly the same thing. That's that's really interesting in what state that's just like stealing the Scottish. Just change your mind later. I'm calling it right and right on the fox that one skedaddle off of the fuck. That was just fucking close. It was just fucking thrown on the thing that's off. Three Chuckles. All right. Nice way of saying fuck. Oh yes some of these annoying you are we in skedaddle. Well weird way to say fuck off. Well, that's the thing. Listen, you're about done foods and casino is this world? I don't sway. It's Lee usually comment on over edit will be pull this wire now. It will be a little bit inwards a little bit beep beep too much water clean, right? Well, hello bottom one. Yeah, he's fun. And you know what? I mean and um, she just follow months. I just know they really been in fact I got inside I gain with the description your heat filaments roughly translates. It is not ideal to have a heat full of mint as it implies, but the ones that are coming with our purses with our great Franklin nonsensical I mean I have heard that speaking of which it's time you get your pen and paper Arf Arf no, no, that's another thing what completes if you rotate last week was path they take but was fucking hate these things, but that's just out of the hospital later. It don't even try. I know let's do another one you've now I'm not the pheasant plucker. I'm facing. I'm not the pleasant pheasant plucker like it's not because I'm gonna I'm not theirs and fuck her or something. I'm not a peasant fucker. I should hope not they gave up. I'm not the pheasant plucker. I'm not the first blocker. I said normally. I'm not the first block. I'm not the pheasant plucker and the pheasant plucker son and the first Well will only destroy I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid fuck that. I'm the I'm not Affairs and pluck out the pheasant plucker sudden. I'm only plucking face install. The Pheasant Pluckers comes well fucking visits to the Pheasant. Oh fucking hell. I'm not the pheasant plucker on the fuckers. Laughs, oh dear flagging not the pheasant plucker. I'm not a pheasant plucker on the fuckity. Fuck. Fuck. Oh, I'm not the Pheasant block around the pheasant plucker son. I'm only plucking faces toward the physical blockers comes. I know you've been practicing it that's unfair thing. He's been doing this all his life and he's just thrown us expect us to get it. You've not even try it. Come on you straight on at that try almost good at night and they write that fast. No, it doesn't mean anything if I left but I can't even remember a time. Not the pheasant plucker. I'm not defensive. The Pheasant Pluckers on the pheasant plucker son. I'm on the Block in phases 1 o'clock and pheasants isn't programs until the pheasant plucker comes before but that I'll just I'll just copy and paste that I just like put it all together and then no no it's cheating. Fuck like I don't need fucking monkey. Remember all that last reticulated done tactics too long. I'm not the pheasant plucker and physics. Okay. Well you need to start there if you want me to start dinner sooner or later than because it takes too long for me to see him later. That's just Offering pathetic excuse for Morgan well to be honest least bench tried to ha ha. No you wait. Not very visible goes on a lot of isn't focused on the vision focus on one part of it, but Facebook rooms. I want to fucking business that if I don't like guns fake girlfriend Monica, I forgot to I get in. Come on man. See when you did you have to focus on the section that you're then and the time I finished that he didn't like coffee. I'm not the pheasant plucker my fuck it. Fuck saying. I'm not a pheasant plucker. I'm the feather fuck. I thought you get faster. I think I've been battling not like why you know, you've only got this he's got the first birthday as the saying but as for me, I'm on my back will be purposely got it then but separate exactly between your knees. I can't even remember what you need. I mean making this is what about the talking about a pheasant plucker little fox fox version of his life is my pocket, okay? And the first pocket fun because he plucks famously our story this morning pluck. Oh thought that Pheasant spot big cars having them. Affairs and I felt really bad because like I was maybe 10 car lengths in front of me on a dual carriageway you fucking went for it in and all honestly are actually that because as you know, these cars like swearing at the way, right, so I swerved toward Thinking by the time I get there. I'll be the road for good wasn't it? But the person behind is our will fuck him. I didn't you just give it a little kick out the are pretty much a little pop or you has been 43 months. Just one thing. Well, I struggled as long as last week as last week was just up but to love thankful. They we need people that can give us like feedback Guy and because solid what he's all about get some messages on my get Messenger that wasn't luck in these little packed it all rather more and more complete to get messages on right? And we are not be I don't know you were doing National bit more messages are all right. We just think the message and people to send us messages. Come on Bobby and I'm not believing that like if I can put a little bit. Well the Google it because if it's on that on it, right? Okay, laughing, where's my starting real? Good Jack? Why was it different than anything but When check what was that - fucking stop sign has good Jake Google it. What would you want my Google here for as my starting because this thing I know who I am and what you put on for it bring up your star sign here fucking 13th of that month you go tell him so that's any present August Starshine. Cleveland State say out that being a Leo born on August 13th Bubble Bobble Google. She were in February has our it's just different when you fully was. I've been a Pisces for over 40 years and it's changed about my moving the mirror or you now It is all from the quality of some dinner wisdom has decided to add on an extra star sign. Are they showing there's an extra one another? We'll just all sounds even mean anyway, what are the star signs and 2020 should we? Sugar they can adjust fucking this whole lot of things all over our me just had another one that know I was like what? No, how'd you find this out? I'm a Pisces and that's the India. I'm not having it. great, so I think I can research has fought star sign. Are we on now? Right? What's your birthday of the average family? So it is doesn't start until the 21st of March. Mmm. So it is nice to show my favorite because of past Fabrics on it. Click on just Google star signs, but what other star signs Google up? Well, that's what I've done. It's just pulling up the dates because it'll be the dates that you're looking for. Right or just Google. What are the star signs and read them and see if you can see any new ones on there. Well, those are the star shines and the Roger Capricorn just like the ones I would expect Aries Taurus Gemini cancer, Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio, Sagittarius Capricorn Aquarius and bite it Pisces been between February 19th and marched on Earth. Are you making this up because Google says that you're talking sheet. I Google Davis bar Google fine. I am just just wait the new because a some of it. I've got my hot mama my assistant working on it right now to the other in this is nice. I mean, there's only 12. There's only 12. There's another one was this thing, right? Does that mean that years with longer know what about means of mr. Whitworth the dates of the star sides? So like I said, I used to be a Pisces by far their money Reasoner. Finite deformation fee who's telling us. My assistant is treatment at the moment. This is something they would Donald Trump. No because it could be actually you never know. He's gonna play me over and these days and fucking right as well outline. I'm seeing the scene 12 and it's just you have to Google new star signs new star signs. Not what surprised us on our way or now, this is just Google new star signs. Great. You're very fast. No, I'm reading I'm reading them doesn't make for a very good podcast. I want it quiet. Apparently it's fucking that NASA that's changed some I'm reading now. The NASA's to blindness is what's that? What does suffer exactly that's my point exactly. What if the goalie either NuStar saying they should at least make it something that you're going to pronounce that was perhaps early. of your kiss is all fuck exactly what the fuck now that's good to be a wind-up year of the correct dates for the star signs Capricorn is January 20th day February 16th Aquarius is February the 16th the 11th of March know it's fucking know I'm a Pisces and I'm not having it well Pisces is no fit March 11th to April 18th ATS is April 18th the me the 13th Tauruses me 32 June 21st the same one that you're not doing it right ah my wife is an offer curious pleasure shoes I mean no I'm not having it be quite honest let's get like really pissed off I'm well I'm I'm not happy like that's gonna happen For my 40 years, right? I will be getting really pissed off for something to change my date of birth. But or my startling means you stole it seemed so I think it means has been changed and I'm not having it. I'm Pisces and dick in the meanwhile. So we're looking at we and fling shape at the moon the first NASA. The probability that it will think the probable mmm. She's not interested. Hi. All right look happy. I mean If Google doesn't bring this up, then it can't be true. Google does bring up your Google that I had this search new stuff. Like nothing's right. I mean at the end of the affair was the taping are they kidding what you fucking topped in what star sign are we on now? Exactly and then the cells and see if you just type in what are the star Saenz? Nibbly that's lost in the snow. That's because I'm doing it for you. Mmm, right it only gives me the 12 so getting a set of change shit. Yeah, I think so. I would agree that those are still the water. I'm not happy. I'm leaving this evening not feeling it. I was expecting the funnier if anybody comes across these new star signs. They can tell them I we've run up the tops. Even I can translate that right? He also resolve this once and for all like when it but I couldn't ask Google for our that special styling other Google Talks rubbish. My blessing is another different thing. That's nice. Google's going to give you the answer that you're fucking looking for. You got it. Okay, so just you know, there are 12 there are 12 star shines going to Google what as What is Google what is? Focus and I see there's good cookies. Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck it. Obvious Google it see what as I'll spell it for you oph. I you've eaten as a pH level drug. Are you see hit us? born under the sign of Aquarius means you're a bastard. What did you say is? He's a bastard. Thank you for that comment. And that's where it has been a lot more fun this one. You think so. I've been constantly constantly. Let me just clear this up. We'll get back to our focus and you can take a class or focus is swimming right because I'm already done with you're used to having an angle just exaggerating that because I think we'll make up a new star sign. Is it normal or politically? I saw them look at it. It's not. Oh fuck. Yes. Exactly. That's all fuck us and to be quite honest. I really like the World's Gonna Know. It's it's just a statement. I think more fuck-ups, but what does Google see it as well? Google does need I see an animal to a Google just takes you to a webpage. There are wacky pedia things in its Ben. Something's been used know you kind of just fucking Sometimes using your Violet. Hi exactly. That's my pain. But at that one. right That's that a lot of passion. I I think something so I'll agree with that because I'm a Pisces and I'm not having a man in heels. I've been a Pisces for their 40-year and I'm staying up like she's all fucus astrology. It says sign here, but the sun does not orbit around the Earth. I guess I've never heard that I was astonished to the day when I will grow up now. So not not having it. No. Yeah. It's about bizarre, but just know how to knit. I can't just my new ones now can know that it no, I just like seeing like she's a question on a some more thread. Right? Who the fuck this a lead. that there was 31 days in January 28 days in February and less as a fucking leap. You learn about the other night for the Angels fell off and who sat in calculator and he'll do the Greeks I but how did the man is right because see when you think about it. When you think about it to the point that they calculated an entire year right at first they had to work at how many hours of the day calendar that we run with and who hasn't it been a calendar of ocean me because before loves the piggy condom before that was I was asked a calendar who won last date calendar. It's like used to more than 50 or something for our kind of get my head in there. Just right. Can you imagine trying to work at how many hours are in a day as well as how many months are Endeavor as well as how many seconds at an Amana as well. So many days. I don't know Sons like the sun sun sun sun dial right, correct. All right some flowers around here, but there's no you're close, but this is me. wait so you've got your sundial it's not like a second hand doesn't away the little guy second time but it doesn't move that's the only piece you imagine trying to work your exact the second to the exact second ER this is a new day right right there clever bastard isn't well they need to because that brings me to the fucking problem right imagine these bastards been that fucking I mean can you imagine that they viable and strafe that they were going through counting the Easy getting to like the 13th of February thinking just a thought in terms of the 40 of Foxy in our four year to start again. What kind of fucking day comes you'll notice this fucking fuck. Because how they fucking you set in the mathematically walk that over an entire year. then discover somewhere along the line statement but years different for other three years sooner or later is I mean I can't fucking Google echota the love of this is that made these are push manager Yuan FEI something during called Google late anyway so I think we should just do that that's not that exciting show that all right there's no Hartman em what we should do as deliberately or way to hunt down the head man in NASA's email address and then just put on the podcast I think what are you talking about man encourage everybody email them so they said well messaging know what you have to get that tendon because nobody's lost any exactly you can enforce your fucking fly off fucking views on those all your fucking dodgy stuff and it doesn't make any sense and it they can pronounce I focus so that any company mentioned before we close off because that says getting onto the hour I love story you tell me we will go up at the Granddad know this could go bad. Don't you remember I put the ground that I even fucking kicking granddad's on the train. They tried that with the only trail with his wife. How much thank you give her a Pap of the van were able to follow me because of gu story of my memory is in shock. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Remember you need to see once I tell a story fucking, you know going it's like that. It's like Homer Simpson. Sunlight when he lay on some something else father has breathe. I'm exactly the same. So jog my memory a bit more. When was this that was a bold in the same podcast about technical difficulties? You don't be the gun that he was packing his nose on the train his wife and he was not impressed yet. They show that his wife. Does he look at him? I remember is like properly going for it on your tray know it. Well, if I got rid of his nose, I like sitting there like, you know that thing when you're in your car you think that know yourself a visible everybody. She sends back an old people walking past you going after this guy was something that train just sitting here fire half up like bring the elephant gold really going for it deep in it. It's probably this movie I was discussed on it. It's like he's hand was about three fat everything. I ever stole politics. That's big. Think big ass burger, right? He's got all these things off and I thought these referent and she just had this look at this costly. Yeah. Did I tell you that I'm pretty certain that you ate, you know, he was kind of looking at it and like rolling and he's you don't you said to me that it was so impressed. He wanted to get this did we get away from here? They're like any relationship goals. You can put your nose in short your way even bigger be impressed shipping proud of you should be proud as you get closer you hi. I'm pregnant. Pretty sure I didn't finish his story. I'm pretty sure like he had it in his hand and his hand is no like it was like, I don't know what's waiting on your leg or like playing at this fucking thing and I'll ping that something else. I was like, I don't know what's worse, but I know I'll never see needs hand moving that far away if he's faced if they've done anything else, but other than when I see them well our finger and he's a something do that with my daughter right just for all of our he's a fan. come on those are my friend aren't even up on all right and when she looks either boy but it's what looks like I've picked my nose narrator or I'll even stick it up my nose been she's looking directly at me and I can t hide the fact my finger's not animals so I will put up on those but I take it I'll go at that red different finger and just stole freaks it she knows it's my second finger but she still fix it but let's go I'm placing he it that's too far that's absolutely is this true watches beep that's we do find my muzzle Beyond as a bit too far so I I was remember I was thinking that was the story you are talking but I just couldn't remember how you would have none of that but you're right it was because we were talking about like how comfortable you can get where your partner and how great it would be to get to that level so you can set we get away for your girlfriend sure your book is a lot of she'll be fine you and you can set with Yuri Bogey and go look at fucking that overall in fucking well not even my teeth What You Gonna Keep that but that's the thing she was it was hard which they throw away but he finally stopped at mine the tackiness it's good to be stuck in ice and off my move on record that that way so proud of you I mean but discussion, but hey, no, I've not had much translation going on here. That's because I fucking no idea what you're on about. Well, that's when you talk about energy or it's a say something and I'll travel as you should but honestly like wall, what did you see there God, I guess I can translate please. So now I say the most Scottish sense you can I'll Translate. Put me on the spot F. We didn't do it last week. We should have played that clip of the guy talking to Donald Trump. You see if you understood that because I've struggled with that probably say then Darth Vader well, well who'd and all Vader is its course prison so I suffer fucks us it was a fun as I've Emma Fox a favor I don't have that ready and for that to be played with need to can hold that all cued up and stuff I've ever as from the faith those are you had that was easy Faith the guy that there's a Darth Vader obviously fight but then how do you do you know the guy that was talking might have been bumped I should always be a fit about the area Darth Vader woman. Okay, and we do is fucking very heavy and it was a squished off either. So is there fucking Can't you can't you can't explain it you at least not since he needs to be held to be understood. So need to bring that up in the next podcast. You have that ready? All right, because that's something mean to be fair or poor like out with the baikonur probably going to Google the shelves, but Train noise if you're listening leave it to you as we will find the right club and we'll play it and we'll talk about it in the next podcast Jesus. I topic that's been over an hour. So I think that's plenty we wrap up and we thank Ben. Thanks for having me. Yes. It's just been good. It's been funny. It's been something different. Let's see only the thumb episode but its toll good to mix things up. So that's all over her. Oh wait, no no. No, he's got one more thing. No. No, we need to be emphasized in the fight that will need to be messages on. Yeah above mentioned that several days rest again, because I wonder if they will not mention these little Pat and then he's got so just basically explain how you can send us a message great. this book I loads of people are on Facebook you can you call your Scottish Channel thingy we do that's facebook.com forward slash everybody has ever this squash and already - squash missing I think it's just everybody squash very you'll find that Google you'll find it or so after this video go over the discourse it comes up enemy that does it comes up with the podcast before the Facebook page but if you go the Facebook and tape over the squash and to the search by your friend so you'll find that right nipple but you can get a Facebook Messenger you can either type as a message which is born because then one of us would be the message start message but it's not as good as some day taking the time to press record nice and a little voice clip and see the low voice cop exactly and that's so simple no of these with mobile phones you have a speaker and your phone you have a microphone playback and finally we are I don't know if faith is been passing the word because because people from North Carolina two page yes Martin told I wonder where people on it and face has been kind enough to give us a donation towards our new equipment which we get not a single penny unless we get all of it so thank you very much faith yet again that's awesome it's really really handy and yes so Facebook Messenger either type or use the voice mail or you can go to all of the border of downloading the anchor up which is up that we use to record the podcast that and you can go onto your page click the message button and you can record everyone a message yes but on Apple podcast were on Google and vodka message from the full shebang I don't know I don't think they can the whole thing of anchor is that you can listen to podcast you can record your own podcast and you can send messages to podcasts all from the anchor up so they'll just host Anna well the Holston on other platforms the akane I say no no you host your own like we host us I this podcast is actually hosted or fucking when you're asked a question of the actual podcast is hosted on anchor and that is an event called an RSS feed or no bigger which you just submit button anchor do that for you so the anchor platform is a podcast platform where you can record your podcast from even just your mobile phone you can just talk to your mobile phone like using the microphone on your phone to record your podcast but we went a bit more professional high tech or not but yes you can do it we just Your mobile phone, but you can use it for say the messages as well. But you send the message or you sent the podcast to anchor anchor host it and if it's a message we can then listen to it and play it back on the podcast efforts our podcast. You're making me your phone. They'll host it and then they will submit it to. Launch the other podcast places like apple Google so I can answer my question was are they you know, you're well, yes, I don't think that the cannot know the guy. Well, that's the confusion. They know they got it. They cannot send us a message on any other app that I will get only Anchor Bar. but early goodness Levi but so you're trying to see us it's not like it because you can only send a message or nine cut or Facebook but yes but the thing is you've seen it's not that good but anchors on the window so that's bright that's true Apple's not doing it what's up old in that's what you could lessen as an apple you can that's how you can do you can't send us a message you can should we just wrap this up exactly like make their own podcast anyway right anyway so a chart has been with see what are you trying what are you chatting ask me old-fashioned I really that's what you used to say when they come off and look what you check well my main things sexy they are so sexy order Sect leader, I guess sexy dragger. Of course. I want Dragon toes. That's what this is. The thing that if I was making a YouTube video out of picked up on the fact is it's actually quite a few times. I had all this done and I would rather we count on the top right of the screen just everything is sexy. Oh sexy word in it bink bink, right? So I think that's it right again. Yes. Yes, thank you for listening and get your men. Thanks for the messages that will have received favorite which is never gave up from a house a jalapeno with me. What was his name? Because we need to say thank you for the thank you. Yeah proper. Thank you because you took the time to send a message and we need to say thank you very much for taking the time to do that because it was a fantasy. Please continue to listen. Yeah, that was almost English. I'm ashamed. any help I'm offended by an all orbea fucking just Bag Man thank you very much often a seeing that I was great yeah feel fun profit range of path all right pass it on to that means translate that means tell your makes about it yeah yes and I so power lat and then what and them Shear because and share because sharing is caring she hadn't as given here and she didn't get the messages on and feel free to message us again whenever you feel like it you as well Faith because the to use of the only fucking people followed and right that's us say there are obvious oh fuck's your had another that's what that was that was for the thing was she when they start pointing sticker Jesse messaged you explain a bit here she said what hey I did read that that's you at that vanilla see by what hell are you on about and well it was one of it how here on your eyelashes on my glutes are certain length and here on your head keeps growing and here on the rock stars pitch it doesn't mean it's not mean Ali that's like being French you should be French you get like a number four I usually give it like a skin face I'm just gonna use a little French woman nor French woman than she thought uh-huh I think I've started but the very thing they are from they really should what type of my enemy it was deficit em you can't grow your eyelashes as long as you're here in your head because the average come on we need to be informative and teaching people things of Atari but even though with the nickname of a ton of it I found something intelligent and has answered you say I give you the reason so you need to redo something intelligent needs to get a rush on that show and fucking the photos than oh yeah I'm here camera but you know what Jessica I'm calling you I don't believe a word you're saying oh until you send us a voicemail to confirm how this all happened like it yeah there we go I'll use they already do I just never liked Jessica so I am I'm not eating that a few want to inform our audience of how we are here doesn't grow in certain parts of your body get their messages and another shopping what if it's been a short but I'm going to be very very quickly just to see one last thing bye