I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the Door open the mouse that couldn't get out of the first cage when I got shocked just continued to sit there. And allow itself to be shocked even though it had a way out it became a form of learned helplessness. It could leave physically, but emotionally it didn't feel like it could the other Mouse who had the lever in the first cage soon as it got shocked it walked right out. This is what happens when you grow up with abuse and Trauma you learned helplessness and it becomes an identity for you. If the abuse and the trauma when you were growing up was like you being locked in a cell when you grow up and you move out and you get in your life on your own the equivalent would be that you're still in that cell. There's nobody guarding you the door is not locked and it's wide open. You just can't leave you have been conditioned to be helpless would become unwilling to avoid pain. We just accept that as our reality. That's why so many of us get stuck in life and can't move forward. It's like we're on the were in this endless loop where we just sit in pain and we don't know how to get out of it. It becomes our identity. It becomes our way of life. We have never known any other way than to completely experience pain and accept it as the reality of Our Lives. Once we realized that prison doors open and we can leave the fear of living without the pain keeps us there because we don't know how to exist without it. We are just stuck. There's nobody guarding us. We are the only person that keeps us from the life that we want and deserve When I look at my own helplessness in life and how I just looked at all of the negatives and all of the bad and I continued to create situations and scenarios where I would reenact. The same pain I would have the same relationships. I would repeat the same patterns over and over because that was normal to me. I didn't know any other way. It was almost like when there was an absence of the pain. I didn't know what to do with myself. I felt guilt and shame it sounds insane to say it out loud, but there was this odd feeling that I didn't deserve to feel Good to feel Joy To Live Without Pain. And the only way I could take myself out of my pain was addiction that got me out of the paint guilt-free. I would endure my life all day long until a certain point and that I would have to pick up the drink or the pills whatever it was at that moment. That was taking me out of the pain temporarily say I wasn't doing the work I was using something that would temporarily take it away. I spent years doing this year's looking for a way out and went there was a way out. I was too afraid to take it. I knew my pain I knew the trauma. I know the shame it's comfortable because it's familiar what's not familiar is feeling good the absence of all those negative feelings for years. I didn't know how to get out of it. I just mood altered in whatever way I could to take away the pain for a little while, but I never worked on the problem and the problem was my learned helplessness. It was a loop. That's the best way I could describe it. I would push myself to this limit and then this undescribable fantasy bomb like an invisible barrier that I couldn't understand why I couldn't cross and I would get to this point this line This barrier. And my whole body would just shut down and move back inward. I could only move so far before I had gotten so uncomfortable that I had to retreat and hide Andre croup with my energy because it took so much to push myself out of the uncomfortable comfort zone that I created for myself that I was living in forever. I thought that was going to A magic key there was going to be this one thing that I would find that I would just click with and it would take away all that learned helplessness. There is no such thing. There is not one thing that's going to take you out of it. I want to be at a certain point in my life. I know the life. I want to live I can see it and I get closer to it every day. What makes me feel worse is when I look to where I know I can be but because of the Learned helplessness I can't get there today. It's extremely frustrating and there are times that I lose my patience with it. But there's only one way to really now that's probably more than one way, but the way that I knew was when I had that feeling inside that I wanted to do something and all of a sudden there was like that internal dialogue going on that talked me out of it. I would listen to that negative voice that was telling me to stay helpless stay in the pain stay in the fear. At least. You know, what this is you don't know. Life is without it. But it's so worth finding out for me. It was small little things things that made me uncomfortable things that I feared things that I wanted to do, but didn't feel like I had the right to do or the or the capability to do. You know, I think about like of agoraphobic see how they can't leave the house. And you know, I talked to my buddy all the time about anxiety. You know, he's like you just have to make it to the mailbox. Then you make it to the corner. It's all these small little steps with anxiety and agoraphobia. It's the same thing with learned helplessness. You have to start small if you're afraid of the supermarket during the day you got to do it. Break your routine break your patterns. We all have these patterns that were living that makes us feel safe. And when we move outside of them, we don't feel safe anymore. We can only spend a certain amount of time out there and then we have to retreat back to our safety. Keep pushing that line. What wherever that line is for you take it a little further. I started just doing different things. I live the same way my entire life. My whole social life was always basically the same it was predictable there got to a point where I couldn't do it anymore. I would have rather and I did sit on that couch and not go and do the things that I used to do. And feel bad because I didn't know what else was going to make me feel good. I didn't know what I was without my routines of my patterns in the life that I had lived and it took such a long time of sitting with those feelings and starting to do stuff new. I hate to exercise. I absolutely hate it, but I love nature so I had found this Trail by the water. And I started to walk that three days a week and when I first thought I had an exercise in like 15 years. When I first started I couldn't even make this little over a mile Trail I would go as far as I could and I did it three days a week and I was terrified and my body was given out and I couldn't catch my breath and my pain in my joints everything I hurt but I kept doing it. It was just something different. The layered normally done and I was I would even question. I'm like, what are you doing? Why are you even here? It's like I'm enjoying it. But this isn't what you normally do. You don't do things like this for Joy you do things to Moodle ter. I got that trail up to five days a week and I could do it without being in pain and without being out of breath and that's just like a metaphor for Undoing learned helplessness you start by doing the things you want to do you the things that you feel like you don't deserve or you're afraid of that. You can't seem to wrap your head around doing and you start doing them that trail has led to so many things for me anytime. I want to try something new or do something that I'm fearful of I think about that trail. I know it's just walking a trail big But from the place I was at where I could barely get out of the house. I needed to start somewhere. My world has expanded in so many areas just from that one Trail. I have tried new things and probably 20 of them. I ended up not continuing because I they didn't bring me joy, but I did find three or four other things and this has given me a new Direction a new balance in life. It has got me out of my destructive ways my destructive social patterns, and it has brought me to a place of actual The not killing time not waiting for life to pass not numbing out long enough to get through the day but to actually be waking up in the morning and looking forward to these new things and these new adventures and they don't know a last some of them run their course and I outgrow them, but now there's this desire to explore and to learn and to grow and to get out and do more things. Things you got to start somewhere and it's going to be small and it's going to probably feel ridiculous. I kept saying my head. What do you do and why you here? This isn't who you are. What are you doing? But I kept getting up and doing it. There was something inside me that was screaming screaming for change. And I didn't know how to change. And it was that one day where I was at a chiropractor. He mentioned the trail that I needed to get exercise because my body was so out of whack and I was so desperate to feel better physically mentally and emotionally that I just took his advice. And that doctor visit at that chiropractor changed my life. He gave me something new to try. And now I'm just enjoying trying so many new things the world that I was living was very very small and it was getting smaller by the day. I had to sit for a very long time like two years. And sit with the pain and feel it and move through it. So it was really easy to go back to my old haunts because that would take me out of it for a little while, but it didn't work like it used to and it worked less and less. So I started to move in a different direction it got this you can do it get up and do something different do something that's out of character that you've always wanted get quiet lay down and let the answers come to you learned. Helplessness is reversible. It's just not going to be reversible by tomorrow. It's going to take time and patience and practice the more. War you venture out the more things you try the less fear you going to have over trying new things, so get up get out there and get on with life. Thanks. Have a great day. Thanks for listening. You can contact me at Joe Ryan.com. Follow me on Instagram at Joe Ryan. And if you want you can leave us a review on iTunes be great.