What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much and from what I've seen on eBay. Like cars are going fast. Like it's selling its not staying on for too long. Especially these other two cards have the card. I just talked about crazy tray of Base person PSA 10 last three seals 217 200-220 on February 27th. I believe this was around $130 card. Crazy crazy LeBron James top scrub 111 PSA 10 last three sales 7600 7707 dollars. 7600 last week. This was a $6,100 card. That means it basically has gone up 1,500 the last couple days. $1,500. So in theory if you bought a car for $6,100 you would have been in able to sell it for $1,500 more in the matter of a week. So why is this happening? Well for number one, there's I think in this last week specifically we have seen a lot of people flooded into the sports car market like a lot. Because really in reality nothing really has happened to these players didn't have exceptional games, right and in general the sports car market has just caught up in the last week or so. So we're seeing a lot of people flooding into the market. What does that mean? That means there's more demand for these cards. So prices are going to have to shoot up. It just it is what it is from the amount of people that are coming in. So what does this mean for the sports card Hobby in general the guys? This is going to be the new Norm. This is the new Norm. So I really think that some people write some hardcore maybe older people in the hobby. They aren't going to like it and they've already expressed that they don't like it. So I think this is kind of an adapter die situation. Um, this is going to be the new Norm we're going to see prices continue to rise like this. Just because the amount of people that are flooding into this hobby again it a lot of these people that are coming in and I've talked about this before, you know, who are these people? Well, a lot of them are flippers are sneakerheads are guys that collect, you know Supreme and that sort of stuff right? Is that a battery? Good thing? Well, I think that's a great thing. These guys are actually pretty highly knowledgeable, you know buying sneakers isn't as easy as people think it's a it gets extremely Located at times trying to get your hands on these products. Now what now that they're saying that it's so much easier to do this that seem sort of dynamic with sports cards. They're hopping on it full steam. Right and a lot of these guys, right and in Collectibles and shoes they already know about sports right? Because it's just with the culture of shoes and collectibles and that sort of stuff. So that's really interesting to see and I think that's one of the main reasons why we're seeing these prices go up. A lot of new people coming into the hobby. I know I got a lot of questions about that specifically, but that is what I'm thinking is the reason why this is happening a lot of new people coming into the Hobby and it's just the market is getting flooded with people. I mean literally on Sunday, I believe it was Sunday. I was just looking through eBay special Luca prices and I'll seeing how fast Anytime like something was posted Louboutin Church in the reasonable price range. It was getting sold on eBay. It was crazy how fast it was selling. He usually takes a bit of time but it was literally selling just like that. So I really put out the video if you want to insert page of the Luke as I had and I literally said yo, it's not too late to buy Luke has like just don't miss out because I saw what was happening. I literally after I posted that the cards even with more crazier of and now we're sitting here today and it's basically a $450 card which is I don't know what to say is crazy. Where do I see these prices going from here? Well for Luca it's interesting. He there in the playoff hunt. I think the mass have been struggling as of late. I think they're going to get that together, especially when porzingis and Luke are healthy together. I really do think they're going to go on a solid run to end off here. So I did well, I do expect his prices technically in theory, especially with they get to the playoffs to continue to rise. I mean, just imagine if they you know, kind of get deep in the playoffs which is is entirely out of the question in my opinion. His prices could go crazy. I mean, it's ready at $450 work it ago. I guess a lot. I think I mean, I wouldn't I wouldn't doubt it being around 600 during playoff time. And if they you know knock out a guy in the first round could be a lot more than that Trey young is an interesting one because They're not getting in the playoffs this year, but I really do think they're going to be a playoff Contender next year. I don't I mean with this Market that's whole craze is going to be interested interested to see where his prices go. I don't think we're going to see as much of an offseason, you know dip and prices that we've seen before just because the more more people in the hobby now on and the about a more people that are coming into the hobby. So I think just the demand of products in general just couldn't Or so I don't think we're just going to see that significant dip. I do think we'll see like some sort of dip but it won't be as significant as before so. I mean I it's hard to tell where his prices will go. I think they're going to continue. You know, I don't think I'm going to see huge jumps but I do think they're going to continue to rise and then once the off season happens, you might see a small dip and then I think next year is really where you're going to see is prices take off because they're actually going to be a playoff Contender it just imagine his prices with their actually winning games. That's that's what how I'm kind of looking at it. LeBron well I think LeBron's could get real crazy if you think $7,600 is crazy. I think you got something in store for you. I'd be playoff time is going to I truly think is when his prices are going to take off significantly, especially around that Western Conference Finals time if they can make it to the finals. Wow, they're if they can make it to the finals. I see no reason why that can't be a 15K card and if they win the finals. You can see a little bump after that as well. So yeah, there's a lot of room for that car to grow again $7,600 right now and LeBron stuff is just flying off eBay to it's crazy to see this guy's again. I think it's great for the hobby. I think what we're seeing right now is going to be the new norm and this is kind of the sneaker kids, you know collectible kids coming into the hobby. This is what it's going to be like this is kind of what we've been talking about for a long period of time, you know, some people kind of got confused about what's happened the last week, but if you really take down a look at it and you see the people coming into the Hobby and you see what they've done before I think it makes total total sense. Do you want to mention guys we hit for Hundred members on our Discord server 400 the my I think we have had it for a little over a month. So that is really really exciting. I first of all want to say thank you to everybody who joined and if you haven't guys this is this is a crazy about a value that you guys get and it's absolutely free. It's a communication Network for all things sports cards, right? And then we also have a buy sell trade section where you could buy sell trade all absolutely free. So this is a way to avoid eBay. I've I've wanted to put together some sort of thing where you know, people can avoid eBay and avoid fees and this is what I've come up with and literally there's deals with there every single day. You're going to get deals with there because you know, the seller does Gets to avoid the fees, right and the buyer gets deals. So it works out for both parties. A lot of people are just like stoked on it and doing deals with their instead of eBay. It's out of Instagram all that sort of stuff. So really really good opportunity for you guys. If you're listening on the podcast if you go to my link on my industry, or if you go to my bio my Instagram page you'll be able to get to it. Just click the link that if you're watching on YouTube. I'll also put the link below for you guys again we already Have 400 members guys 400 in a little over a month. So that has been absolutely nuts. Absolutely crazy. I am doubling down on the Discord. We're going to be putting out in the works right now, but we're going to be putting out a lot of content sports card content within the Discord a lot of analysis within the Discord. So we're really going to be building a community within the Discord again. So really really Tai Chi at for like trading cards a lot of other cool stuff happening, please stay with us. Please continue to follow us. This is just the beginning especially within the sports card world. I know people, you know people it takes time for some people to adjust to you know, you things but with us here, I mean we're super excited about what's going on and we can't wait for you know to take this journey with you guys. So I I appreciate you guys tuning in. If you guys probably know about for my Instagram page out for that trading cards. I also have a tick tock out for live trading cards. If you're watching it on YouTube. Please hit that subscribe and like button, please please please do it. I'll hold out a ton. And then if you're listening on Spotify, please follow me. I appreciate it guys. I'll see you next time.