the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for the gift my father promised, which you have heard me speak about for John baptized with water. But in a few days, you will be baptized with the Holy Spirit then they gathered around him and asked him Lord. Are you at this time going to restore the kingdom to Israel? He said to them it is not for you to know the times or dates. The father has set by his own authority, but you will receive of power when the Holy Spirit comes on you and you will be my Witnesses in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria and to the ends of the Earth after he said this he was taken up before their very eyes and a cloud hid him from their sight. They were looking intently up into the sky as he was going when suddenly two men dressed in white Stood Beside them men of Galilee. They said why do you stand here? Are looking into the sky this same Jesus who has been taken from you into heaven will come back in the same way. You have seen him go into heaven. Then the apostles returned to Jerusalem from the hill called the Mount of Olives a Sabbath day's walk from the city when they arrived they went upstairs to the room where they were staying those present were Peter John James and Andrew Philip and Thomas Bartholomew and Matthew. James son of alphaeus and Simon the Zealot and Judas the son of James they all joined together constantly in prayer along with the women and Mary the mother of Jesus and with his brothers in those days Peter stood up among the Believers a group numbering about a hundred and twenty and said brothers and sisters the scripture had to be fulfilled in which the Holy Spirit spoke long ago through David concerning Judas who served Guide for those who arrested Jesus he was one of our number and shared in our ministry with the payment. He received for his wickedness Judas bought a field there. He fell headlong his body burst open and all his intestines Spilled Out everyone in Jerusalem heard about this so they called that field in their language. Akeldama that is field of blood for said Peter. It is written in the Book of Psalms may his place be dessert. Added let there be no one to dwell in it and may another take his place of leadership. Therefore. It is necessary to choose one of the men who have been with us the whole time. The Lord. Jesus was living among us beginning from John's baptism to the time when Jesus was taken up from us for one of these must become a witness with us of his resurrection. So they nominated two men Joseph called barsabbas also known Is Justus and Matthias then they prayed Lord, you know, everyone's heart show us which of these two you have chosen to take over this Apostolic Ministry, which Judas left to go where he belongs then they cast lots and the lot fell to Mattias. So he was added to the eleven apostles. Today's devotional is written by John bodily and read by Gail race. The book of Acts comes right after the gospels in the Bible and is a little bit like a sequel to the gospels the stories of Jesus Life Bible scholars have traditionally agreed that axe was written by one of the Gospel authors Luke. He was a friend of Paul and shared many of the adventures will read about in the coming days. Like all good sequels acts begins where the gospels leave off after Jesus death and Resurrection when he tells the disciples to wait for the gift of the Holy Spirit. He promises them you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you and you will be my Witnesses in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria and to the ends of the Earth. The book of Acts goes on to tell the story of just how that happened how this handful of Jesus followers became filled and empowered by the spirit and traveled the world to be Witnesses of Jesus. God used them to start something that would change the world as we now know it. Today we live in a world where people want their lives to make a difference to count for something. I know I feel that way. I want to devote my life to something worthwhile and significant our culture tells us that the secret to that vision is to look within ourselves and discover our true identity and Destiny. But the book of Acts is about how a bunch of people devoted themselves to a cause bigger than themselves who tapped into a source of power and authority not from within but from God the empowering presence of the Holy Spirit, they found a Cause worth living and dying for declaring the message of Jesus to the world. And as we now know this handful of ordinary people had an extraordinary impact on the world in the coming days Our Hope and prayer is that we would be equipped and empowered by the Holy Spirit as we read these stories to live lives that make a difference. We're so excited to be sharing in their journey together, and we hope you enjoy it. Jesus told his followers to wait for the gift of the Holy Spirit take a moment now to wait in his presence invite the Holy Spirit to speak to your heart. Jesus said you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you and you will be my Witnesses in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria and to the ends of the Earth. Take a moment to reflect on these words and what it might mean for you today. The same holy spirit that we read about in the book of Acts is available to us to empower us to acts of generosity and Hospitality acts of worship and devotion acts of Supernatural power and evangelism to share the love of Jesus with the world. Take a moment to reflect on one area of your life where you feel the need for God's power today and ask God to bless you in that area. Let's finish with prayer. Thank you Lord that you fill and empowers with your spirit help us to live lives that make a difference for you.