Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about.Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to follow or read everything that I need to a lot of the other SC. A podcaster usually for expert players or players who really focus heavily on the stats and dissect things very intensely more for the experienced players of the game whose lives are consumed by like myself, but I want to do things a bit differently. I want to be a podcast for the coaches that maybe want to have a bit of fun with it and not get too bogged down in the nitty-gritty. Give my general thoughts advice stats discuss some of the chat around the place on Facebook groups or other podcasts about certain trades or rookies that should On your right are depending on the Time of the Season. I'll also answer any questions you might have about the game or even just try and help you decide on that all important trade for the week. The a my guess is to keep it light-hearted and not too long or detailed give my perspectives and insights into how the round could be played and maybe some advice to to head-to-head players out there because that's what I've played over the last few years and a lot of the information out there may only apply to overall players and the tactics can vary quite a lot. So I thought I'd talk. Get a bit more to them for the first episode which I'll probably record later in the week. I might just go through a beginner's guide to the game. Maybe the point scoring the way trades work the way to feel the team some other General tips for those players who might be starting out or need a refresher course before the season kicks off next week. I'll call it a beginner's guide. So if you know what you're doing, then you might want to skip over that episode, but then after that I'll have an episode released every week. We're old discuss the round just gone and have a chat about players that might be good or to buy or sell. That week inform me of any injuries and maybe give my tactics to the upcoming round. If you're interested in continuing to listen and you've made it this far through the first episode don't forget to subscribe and then the episodes will be delivered straight to wherever you get your podcasts. So you won't miss a beat. Thanks for listening guys, and I'll be back soon with the first edition of the NRL super coach chat pod cast a special shout out to my wife but tolerating this ship and staying married to me. I'm a very lucky man. See you next time.