what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast With obviously been listening to podcast. That's actually how we got into the conversation. Both. Listen to podcasts of her own. I was probably listen to Peter coaches podcast to be real interesting means is differently Jordan. That's I've been listening podcast for a little bit over the last few years. My big ones been good organ from a big push from watching the UFC, but I think what our conversation actually ended up stemming from was kind of marking a passion for entrepreneurship entrepreneurship. Sorry and fitness right and that's not me saying I'm in Peak condition fitness-wise along. Well, I think the common things for both of us. We are we surround ourselves with positive people with good friends, especially John it main enemy are all very keen on having their own business or some sort of all them to have their own business and making money then the day and trying to keep yourself in shape which obviously You I knew can I yeah gonna coaching. I think I think that's it. I think before we actually started this podcast, we're probably don't realize just how connected the ice layer where it all comes back to probably investing in yourself invest in your body investing in your business. And that's probably led us to Health in the hospital. So I think I'm a health especially in Europe. That's it. So white at least Suppose that say that the mean equation and I meet for me it was when you listen to podcast sometimes it gets so technical right? No matter what can a podcast as it gets really really technical for me anyway, and there's a lot of jargon being used and it just becomes right? No lost interest or it's too complicated and I think from me new chat and it's down to the basics, right and I think that's transparent through every working day life. Really Keep it to the basics basic communication in everyone can understand. So I think that idea obviously doing this was to show people that it's not hard to get yourself in shape at all and don't be lazy. There's probably the biggest point which will obviously touch on and when we talk about can I feed pray it cost tame these kind of things but other things we can also discuss was you've had kind of one we business is going on is there which is actually fun enough how we First met because we don't actually know not much of it. Yeah, we'd like I know you threw my good friend Michael q. Yeah, what's up and show it all game and sexually or something Wanda joint, but you actually showed me a top. I don't remember you came in my watch that's just like 10 years ago. And so what was it? What was the name of the brand? It was a supply and demand so it's like the one make gunshot, but that was that back in the day like Yeah, exactly. I've obviously had some things myself with a couple pounds is real different bits and Bobs he on the other and then obviously started going it seemed Jim I know and you know, I that that brings us together. I suppose finding out about what you've done in the past and what we could do together in the future. This is definitely the platform we can do and we can obviously share with our listeners guests on to talk about what we're both passionate about an obvious and stories as well. Which and what I think The biggest thing about it is share some experiences get some cool gear Saint and for young professionals ended it. Yeah, absolutely. And obviously we're both have nine to five jobs. I think that's the one of the things we will talk about and the podcast quite a lot. Haven't I need to 5 job. It comes with its own pressures and they can out phrase young professional gets branded about quite a lot, but young people are holding 95 jobs, probably put a lot of barriers up there to see that they can't get into shape. If they don't have time the door of the money and we just want to make it apparent that is definitely possible. Then words. They slice a lot of take if you see that it's to got it cost too much it out of our personal chain on it cost too much to eat. Well or you do have the time I think that the biggest things that we would really touch on which is a suppose. We are we could probably get started. Absolutely. I think that's a really good point. So you know what see The body or is to get into shape or start your own business and stuff like that. There's probably like a few that that resonate with me quite a lot haven't started my own business and probably got onto the property the bishop in my life at the start of the year. I think just to put things in perspective for people you you worried that chubby. Oh, I would think he I would say I went through a stage probably the end of school specifically where I probably was Pretty chubby I wasn't in great shape and I've always had a massive interest for the gem massive interest with a gem as have you but probably my biggest downfall was food. I've always had a great relationship with food, but it's probably been quite an unhealthy relationship with food and I've always been pretty healthy, but the actual plate size Etc was always one of the things and I think that bringing all that together and talking about that right Hazard as a barrier and obviously looking back now looking at back at the shape of wars and and with I know it's definitely possible to get out of that rut. To be honest with you hundreds what see just before we kind of move on what actually need you to see exactly know exactly when I look to myself good major probably the top makes it equally opposite view you obviously wanted probably lose at that put on a bit more muscle. Whereas means was I was Skinny and want to put on muscle and maintenance but that was after boys haul the and zantium sure. It wasn't a all of you know the boys and I remember somebody showed me a photo and I was just so embarrassed. How's the I tried the proper definition of checking legs, which I pretty much they'll do it without noodle noodle arms. It was embarrassing. So that's embarrassing. So what were you when I was doing a lot of probably two points and they're probably more recent and they're still be so apparent a lot of our listeners Ibiza Ocean Beach club VIP section get a couple advice take some photos a hundred percent looking back in that day. I just think to myself and I was intended Everly and this shape to be a good one and to that I say to what we both risen it without the like is that not like a toga pretty standard thing boys whole the one that wanted to look absolutely fantastic, but that was Call it a five-point. I thought you know what I want to get into it to create shape. Is that the get the create motivation to have probably not but the second point was America, you know what I won't tell me this car for the first time back in it was 2018 with my brother and his partner. I'm the mon partner and I came back and probably put on the bus tone and I Look to myself. I actually looked like mr. Blobby and it wasn't clear. It wasn't a good look at all. Well, I think was important to be able to using looking at Ocean Beach thing. You want to look good and others people around you? Why do you want to see if I'm far less than others but not specifically seeing you must have sex pack ghettos must be skinny and all that. It's just as long as you feel comfortable. So me personally it was the edge and what I don't like the look of means get I don't like them skinny. So again, it's just to make it clear to everyone my not seeing you must have this. What about making healthy choices at some point and being confident in your own skin and I feel there's a lot of people out there that aren't confident in your own skin, but don't do anything about it. And I think that's probably what we're trying to get at is that there is ways to help yourself and that's going to make better choices. Absolutely. So yeah, the first thing that people always especially when to do with my coaching specifically people see why can't like I can't get into shape or and your your A situation I can start a business because of time came as a massive massive battery. Which ugly? Yeah. All right. Definitely. I mean like especially with coaching. So something that I saw I wasn't a lot of podcasts as you know, and one of the podcasts are some to recently was talking about breaking down your working week. So there's a hundred sixty hours in a week. See if I 58 off them you sleep so roughly it was an eight sixty hours roughly on a I end you'll be working 21 hours roughly of socializing with friends and family 14 hours cooking Clinic cooking cleaning commuting and eating Etc that still leaves you a 13 hours and I would say that that's in the high end of the scale. I mean not everyone works 60 hours a week, you know, everyone sleeps Arizona etcetera. So using the cannot excuse that you can't get into shape or you can start a business even on a few hours a week. I mean the the basics the basics two or three hours a week to get into shape. Yeah, especially if staff of 10, they have these long as you actually get off the couch and just do it. I mean the other night about I met you in the jungle only actually and I actually had the worst day on the planet Washington. Well, I wasn't gonna go again, but at some things I think it is just a case of knowledge and what just just get on the go and quite often from me. Anyway, I'm going off and get off. Topic here. We have I bet there's some things be out of the best workers are definitely there and I just go and I spent 45 minutes. I've got my headphones on and I just blast the waku and obviously you feel great therefore laughter, but most of the time they know things are bad when I just seen there's plenty of thing. Absolutely, you know, I liked and a few websites NHS excetra last night and it was like a simple as like 15 minutes a day or half an hour a day of exercise like me. Order or like Phil skill running Etc. But even just your even just like going to walk in your lunch. Like this is what I say to people you know, what see if you genuinely cannot put payment at night or payment in the morning go on your lunch break and get a few steps in. I always recommend client specifically 10,000 steps a day and I can guarantee you'll get a large percentage of that on an average lunch or even half an hour's long. Yeah. Definitely. It's actually something I start. Don't even obviously take my lunch and it was going to spend 20 minutes. Just going to walk at lunch and maybe we'll West a colleague from work. That would be going, you know to the ministry. However, it get are all right, man. I'll just join them. And as you see it's just getting I'm going to stick cone up on and some calories that you can afford to maybe lose that will go towards Arcana calorie deficit, which we'll talk about probably every other another episode, but I like you know that this is probably a perfect point to actually move on to the office diet. So you've obviously saying that you jump over office your me or your colleagues, like I don't know what I'm going to go and get chips and cheese or wrong sizes, but the pressure or a so the world per unit have an office. I've worked in an office. No for I'm actually doing a boot a lot more know that I've been in my job for about 10 10 a half years now and The good first half of that was spending three to five quid a day. One lunch, which when I say that doesn't seem like a lot but see you take and between the house or four pound to on average you spend five days a week Monday February come Monday to Friday 9 to 5 thats 20 quid a week which then equates to eat during the month. Right and I would say a majority of people especially these days. It's actually probably more expensive than four pound, but I'm going to bed. They enemy a poem again doesn't really seem like a lot of money but when you've got a lot of things to be accountable for and you've maybe got a house, you've got your phone bills. You've get your Netflix account I limp you are paying off. That guy's he's awesome. No, do you know what this is funny? You say that because so in my my full-time job I base myself in Glasgow City Centre and the places in Glasgow City Centre and general tend to be quite expensive. Hmm. So you've got your lights off print them. mangy, you've got your lights off or they can are slightly higher end places in general, but As I cannot rule of thumb. You need to try and meal prep and my personal opinion if you want to try and save a personal and obviously this is so much more convenient stuff out there now. So we're at some this discussion Ela and then it was around about not meal prep in yourself, but buying and Miu preps from the lights of don't know their muscle Foods or whatever literature do ready-made meals just to take and yeah, they'll definitely more expensive but see if I could afford it I would do it because it makes your life so much easier. You can also buy them in bulk. You can obviously you need probably a bag fees and stuff off for them. But you can buy them say two weeks at time or even just a week at the time and say upstanding all those we might I get a lot more meat from muscle food and it's great. You can actually just set up your kind of frequency of deliveries. Definitely and they will you marry Cindy once again or or whatever and it just makes life so much easier, but obviously spoke to you about this recently and it was me and a good lady recently discovered. I don't know how you've just recently discovered us, but do you get that? Absolute Game Changer from you prep for me. And it's like frozen or pre-shop. Chinaglia. Veg sweet potato, you know your onions your garlic naan. Wow, what a difference like genuinely Cuts your time because that for me that's the most annoying thing about prepping as having all the different boards. So you're cutting on the veg and getting all your sources and all that me. It's just so much easier just having all these bags and if these are pretty chop your sweet potatoes and all kind of things. I just mentioned It does not take long at all. I spent probably I would say about 30 minutes max on a Sunday. I think during the Sunday some things that don't make that we better options out there. But then out of all know. I'm going to start building. This is the start of the journey definitely driving and but anyone can do that by ourselves on top of there and I know it's probably a cliche like yah mule play up skiing all that, but generally these small things for me that makes The difference as like that I did not know about restoring Madison, but the fact you can buy other stuff gonna preach optimal that could just take shaves that time off that you can be bald actually doing driving absolutely but I think it comes down to knowledge as well. So you only know what you know, and obviously for a young age working a talk what a balanced diet as and stuff like that but going around and getting cheese Panini and chips and I cook. As I say you only know what you know, but you must know that there's not really a balance and yeah, it's very high carb your cheese obviously can be high in calories and stuff like that and I'm not saying that that's a bad thing. But I'm just saying the there's not real balance here between your proteins your carbohydrates and your fats etcetera which make up a balanced diet, but I think it comes down to either convenience and convenience is something which we covered quite a lot as well. Is that going out and jumping into the shops and stuff like that on your lunch break is absolutely ideal, but it's not going to be optimal to get into shape. That's a long shot of and for your wallet. It's a person under person and see actually just going back something. I'd like to touch on just before we can have in an office environment. Can I die it was It's actually you've got fully access to home workouts YouTube all those kind of different stuff and are massively popular. And just when we're trying to be kind of cost and things like that which time they may not be a member of a gym when bit not only get 24 Die virgins know so people that work your night shift and all that. There's literally no excuse another for you not to deal with your workout because you can the body coach. Yep, which is blowing. That's just massive now. All the teacher always catch a conviction on over just gonna definitely think that you see if he's even on a the lakes on a as yeah or show me anger take show me body culture something you've used in pet 15-minute head rocket which for I said promised we would break it down the basics if anyone hears anyone talking about head work out and they don't know what is K. What is its high intensity and interval training and the basic example of it as maybe running for third. Seconds and then jogging for 30 seconds running and in jogging so that's just for anyone that says maybe not familiar with the terminology because for Egypt generally and remembering that for ages. I just obviously in Google it. No, but that was years ago. No, but I remember it being used constantly and I was like, this is fun, but I don't know what you know what and then eventually One Day At A Google and then I saw like Arts High high intensity. Come on. Yeah, you're absolutely right. I think there's what homework is videos Netflix, which a lot of people probably a lot of our listeners will have access to even just at internet you later YouTube and stuff like that June what there is very very minimal excuses out there to really buy into your own body and buy into finding out about more about how to get into great shape. Yeah, and then as we're talking about that can not not having any sort of This and your life but combined with an unhealthy unbalanced diet, especially if you are walking 95 in an office and you know, like sort of a McDonald's KFC chappies everyday, like I've seen that like an office environment like it's so calming and yeah, I get it is easy and it's hard man. See if you're eating healthy, and I'm not people our own Jian I've played There are some things I Monday if I let off weekend and everyone's just like oh we're all going to end up up to Jeopardy like you want something and you didn't say no as so hard and then they all cut and then they all come in and you just smell the salt in the valley that goes no get Pharrell's it's and you're sitting there we are. Well, I'm checking checking rice and broccoli. Tell me that's David. That's one of the barriers I have initially and we both had a few jobs and stuff like that and understood. I definitely offers office environments, but People bring it on Home bacon. Tell me about that one. I know people are in regeni and she brings end tablet that she made last night and you're not going to turn down someone in front of you saying I've just made homemade brownies and you're going to say it's hottie. I'm not good either. It was funny. You see that's actually because that is one thing again till it snows. I don't care what anyone says that is just you can resist that and there's that there's a game I walk his messes Bix quite often, right? I'm still quite often has been really every couple weeks or something. But he brings in everything n Ed is amazing. One of them is homemade brownies and they are I know probably is everyone's like booties that that's just your class is going to be so much fun. But obviously these things are incredible. And another one is in was it Terry's chocolate orange cheesecake talk to me talk. That's easy. That's my beautiful. That is my day. Again, don't feel bad. If you've been healthy all week. And then you have that the we are just at the edge and I'm gonna have a basketball cup of tea or a cup of coffee therefore whatever and especially if you do as Kyle mentioned going out for a walk during your lunch, they're feeling so the other thing I want to talk about talk about with regards to cost as weekends. So our clientele specifically for this podcast and it's not you don't have to be a young professional to listen to but forever. I recognize Classification we like to have takeaways or relate to go out and drink it at weekends. You like to socialize we have good socialize with friends Etc going out for dinner and stuff like that. They all come with costs and it probably comes down to a few really badly wanted it what sacrifices you really want to make if you wanted to achieve something. So whether that was your as your own business or whether that is your dream physique, so can I Move it some of the pressures about going out with friends at the weekend trying to make one less sensible choices. I know that you're an absolute tequila Kang. So I see a little Tequila No, I love I love I love of sambuca and you know what? It doesn't just have that impact on obviously how you're feeling. So obviously at the time is absolutely under you the next day you are obviously a considerable amount of money down. I mean we talk about this like I talked about this my friends quite a lot like see going into town. Are you Jane Lee can't get away. It was spending like 20 quite unlike a student. They don't like that. But as I think in the past, I think the point when will they be a mess is whether it be your friends or anything you're buying rounds and stuff had shop so quickly, but then people come back and say Arjun what I have I have no money. I can't do that or I can't I can't invest that will it's about kind of making those sacrifices and stuff like that. It doesn't have that impact on just that day as some next day as well. Here as I said The more stinking hangover the next day and then it's a Domino's and then or on the on the contrary. They don't eat at all. And it's just as bad for your Advanced ha ha I think with enormous your that. I don't that means not otherwise, you don't that almost I would order so much. I would be a couple of sizes and it will be left for the so you spent not only probably over a hundred quid the night before a real mates. Thank God just look at it. I wish I never drank and then you spend on our I mean Domino's done Sarah. Paul sees this as well. That's what thickness your theory quite easy. I was actually going to go I was on this part of this podcast. I was asking to try and get our sponsorship by don't know you've just written that code in the back burner recently was the night so because it just takes all your life. Possibly not only be money, but just like you feel so much better. So you have a good week and you've been working out and I think tThe if you work Monday it faded right for me anyway, and then you mad at you can go to the gym at the weekend. It just made it a den. Probably don't feel as bad. If I go out that night. There's enough. I do take this on the or for whatever I definitely don't feel as bad. As long as I get up early on a Saturday morning and just go get it over with you feel great after it and it definitely are my way of getting through the week definitely and you know what we obviously speak quite a lot about health and health encompasses a number of different things. Obviously the way you feel the way you look but mental health is sort of caught the moment and I guarantee you we could do a film episode on Mental Health alone button. The impact exercise has an invest in yourself is well has on your mental health as well as absolutely huge and them Do I listen to as I see a lot of podcasts and I've had I've had a lot of experiences of people and they say that fatness is genuinely changed my life around it's going to got them out of that ditch and it's given given them something to be can are accountable to and hold them to something and yeah, it's really changed our life, but tell me about about so you in the past you've obviously had our personal trainer and tell her about about investing yourself and it can impact that that's had. On you well, that's actually glad you asked that because of something I was wanting to go into the was in terms of cost accountability spending instead of spending your money massively on nights out booze your ticular just am because I actually say the tail end of last year. I was just like generating was just I was sort of a shape as well. What condition I've been in my life either we pork belly from all the Beyond suffering the 19 and it was one of my good friends Jordan house manager. Who's Also, no Fitness coach and go himself from incredible condition as I'm just now and I started using his personal trainer. Yeah pure as I said our program South broy best best money I spent and that was I think that who want to do with them. I think that about 12 a block at 12 or something, but what a difference he having someone like coming Accountability and have some the answer to and they'll do not check in with you and you just feel great you're having a better workout because it's just what if I 35 minutes whatever that is to have your personal trainers and and you just come out feeling great your sweat at that's probably one of things though. We're now working myself. Occasionally. You have that lazy session. See when I walked up here something up. I'm not a big sweet and anyway, but while like my t-shirt was soaking my shins like when I like deal. Gently like dropping as disgusting a muscle for me that I think if a lot of people just looked at and said how much money they spent that month on booze part in others and then said well, why don't actually spend a month in get personal training on an online coach, whatever it would be life-changing serious in swap the doner kebab at three o'clock in the morning for a personal decision. Yes, ma'am. I'm not going to I'm not going to say that that's a bad thing to be honest with you, but I can I developed a sewage and they're obviously having my own own business. No have my own clientele that not only I hold them accountable to their fitness goals and their Fitness dreams what their dream body is ETC but they hold me accountable to obviously there's this great kind of cliche, but we're talking about your body being your business card and for young professionals specifically having your body and in good shape. Is more than just how you're feeling but it's a probably the way you portray yourself as well. So so I would say as a fitness coach personally. This is just my personal opinion that I probably wouldn't have. I wouldn't take one that I coach that wasn't and like not unbelievable condition. I don't see that but like and good shape themselves and was confident in their own body Etc. So when it comes down to going in to see your doctor your dentist your accounting Etc would You would you not say that the way they can shape their end and the way they hold them self as I probably I sell in fact up to some extent as well massively. Like there's there's one thing I hear right? This is just my personal opinion, but see if I see a personal trainer and they are not in shape. I'm not using it. What would sorry person makes sense device with it and I want to say it's not the first time that I've heard that to be honest as well. But unless there's this but they'll make this. It was note that aren't cheap date, but just my personal a personal opinion is if I see something to look in really good shape or they just look and they look healthy. Yeah, but as you've got pencils and also the other clearly over we see them training people and I'm just like wow, but I don't think there's anything wrong with that and I don't think you're probably been judgmental in that respect. But what I would say is that you want to pay someone to get you into great shape and if they can't get themselves, if and to get shape that doesn't Point has been judgment on it, but I don't really care because exactly exactly what you just said there if I'm not going to spend money if I'm going to spend a large sum of money which which as I'm not gonna lie, I like enjoy the personal journals as I probably quite a substantial amount of money depending on who how much a bit cannot who often you're going to go if you just keep it to like one or two a week then this is probably very reasonable if you can one long tail a lot of people do use for And whatnot, but actually said if I'm going to spend money and I want to get myself in Peak condition. Why would I want somebody who hasn't been good shape themselves to join me. I'm totally totally totally David tell me that do you think that you're like sort of the way the media and TV programs and I'm actually going to use the example of Love Island like the moment of people over age. They are just consumed. Goodbye, love Island and the way that people look the way that people portray themselves Etc. And do you think that has an impact on the way that people want to be people with the people that the way that people want to look whether it be there and fake teeth or whether be there reference X-Pac the time Etc. Do you think that impacts on the way that the the aspire to be? Hudson that's that's I think that's been obvious when these days Israel that set that that kind of links and call see if on me with social media, you know your influencers and all that probably influencers more of a ghetto thing. I would say because they're getting the most traction. I would think influence always advertising for you boohoo.com and all that kind of stuff and especially when they come out love Island and the age the ages the age gaps probably like from 16. 50 I would say that it probably has the most impact an impact on and it is like the young ones that are looking at and say oh my God is this how you you know, I'm mentally yet as our mental look and also because I put in up, you know with the fans that you know, they're being draws the Audi R8 and all those kind of stuff and it's like wow. So as long as I let if I can get myself in incredible shape and go on a TV program like that give myself or not. That's my life made deaf, but I think obviously I quite a controversial thing your talk them into health and so far. There's also been a few tragedies from definitely my violent. I didn't really the only one I've actually watched was last year. I see kind of feels like show you before maybe he's too kind of a not kind of mean but definitely than watch it - yeah, but in so I don't know who some of these people will help it is a massive thing. They haven't seen these problems in a community that but hey that's more to do with the ITV and whatnot and how they are going to treat them. Yeah, I've had uh sure and I just want to caveat with the fact that David that stuff I'd follow him and then got rid of Jake it's okay. But but see from the social media aspect to things as well. So we obviously think about how these people influence obviously and Foreign Service in general emfluence products claude's Etc. But it's been a lot of stuff recently about like influence and stuff that probably shouldn't whether it be I'm not saying it isn't necessarily negative and I'm not going to start calling people out. But what I would say is that There's Health Products specifically whether it be yes stuff. You have teeth while I would be stuff your skin. So it's tough to get you in shape with the different shakes Ortiz or skinny teas and there's loads of different things. So they are even business things as well your lights off like ethics Traders and stuff. Hope I packed like Ledger every single time. I get one to Instagram or Facebook. It's tough It's like how to make a million pounds and I say things in your life. Oh my goodness. Like I then I'm DM in the have you have you ever considered messaging them? 100% I don't know. I generally I'm not gonna lie. Yeah, I definitely don't know but there's my cut especially when they follow you and if you ever had the messages from his hello, he's like do you want to make money and I'm like indeed. Yeah, of course, of course. I want to make money. Nothing makes them back anything, but it's One of these things are just like wow, like how these guys got thousands of those are files actually would be really intrigued to have some sort of trade up on the podcast to talk us through it. There's no I mean if there's any influencers, first of all that want to come on and talk about the impact that they can have on other people rather be for a product. They have Etc or effects Traders, please reach out. Something I get totally sucked into a few years ago. I'm there. I wish ever regretted that because it's probably helped me understand that if it's too good to be true. Then it probably is was kept open and see all my let I was part of it. I'm betting that decent moaning and kept the currency when I came out. I made clear button cooked through I lost quite a bit that you have to cleanse it. But see the thing is and you're a half hours that you actually know what you're doing. I would Genuine state of oh, yeah, of course. We understand that the platforms you can do it on and and to do with the stock market whatever it is, but we don't actually know like no one really knows I thought it's actually through a very good friend who got me an acceptable and fair play to him because I ended up really benefiting from it, but funnily enough, but we're actually and every group The Gun cut to come see each other every now and again and it's something I'm gonna get both and again to be fair I see. Yeah, but it just on your point. I know I don't know what I'm doing. No. I just I thought I didn't know what I was doing and I was just kind of walk like trying to play. It just really happened to when I'm basing on it time is when it blew up massively, you know, it was raining back going peaked at like what was it on your pizza? Like twenty twenty thousand think it well. I was not I thought it was so, you know what that's actually present. The respective are just like England as well. I suppose 20 grand but I might be totally mixed with do you want that look like ass just on what the phrase active going to wash not exactly. But as you presented perspective that we get so consumed in these things that we probably think we know everything about it. And we invest our money in that products and stuff like that that we don't really know that the ends and outs off, but you know what I think this podcast specifically will give us a platform to talk about these things there but More detail get people on genuine all that ends in o so these things whether I'd be performing on stage competing bodybuilders, whether it be success successful FX Traders, they may be fake. But I really want to know who you are but and influencers and one's really really would be keen on getting some young entrepreneurs on on the show because I would love to know the startup businesses how many businesses that they actually start It what they've achieved where that I know would be really good if you can get in touch and I think we should maybe wrap up because I think we've been often tangency and they'll but that's one thing. I always see the last ones is that that says just gonna be intro to the short enemy in kind of different bits and Bobs of what would actually going to be talking about but from here on end, we will be more specific on topics and we're hoping to get guests majority of the time tissue where we're going anything you want here. Yeah. Do you know what this is? This is something that I thought we could add on at the end of some podcast whether it be for asking guess whatever and if you could have any physique for any celebrity whether it be in the public eye or who the be Y and the do you think it's achievable as probably most important that house good one dude. You have any Lena I do it. You know, what who I'm going to go far as make Person so make that our students are a bodybuilder by going social media and probably the reason that I shall love him so much is because he is so funny it je Les AI always captions and stuff are just really funny, but the guys body isn't kid. Would you know, what massive respect him. He's an absolutely good condition. I don't know well enough to know if he's totally natural or he uses any sort of Costello Jonathan, but you know what? Guys an incredible incredible shape do I think it's possible for me to get into that sort of shape to see portable. So yeah, I know but I mean, would you be keen on bodybuilding ship? Well, I mean, I think I think anyone that looks at all these guys big arms and trouble is those moms my absolute chocolate finger arms here and then like just obviously tanned like go out and like all the big parties and the by and all that I mean is what lifestyle but his body is mine. Talk about a business card that's going to sell a lot of mine clients at every level 5. So now that would definitely be mine don't think is achievable probably not because it's as much as I think I respect and I think it's on cable body shape. I would need to make so many sacrifices to get into that shape and and I'm not too sure my genetics we did a wood table. It does right up. But know what were you doing there? You get anyone to made? You know what? I'm gonna have a funicular. And on the next episode I'll have another hose up man. Absolutely Sport and absolutely spawn. Anyway guys, thank you so much for tuning in to the first episode of health and the hustle and we obviously are absolutely buzzing to continue this with obviously looking for a guest to come on get a few lined up at the moment which were really excited about and David. We're can we we can listeners find out about more about the podcast in general. Yeah. Lausanne and Signum at health and the hustled or podcast and for every person that leaves out of you Kay was kindly offered a free coaching call fine with a city and you've also got a pistol page. I do indeed. So actual act Coach K or young if anyone is to check out anyway, I found this stuff. I've got a number of online clients that I'd be looking to add to a I'd like to speak to more people help more people get into the best shape adult life. So Thank you David. And it's a very successful first podcast and we're going to leave every single podcast with the same hashtag and it's going to be invest and yourself whether that be through money whether it be through time, but invest in yourself. Cheers guys.