Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers.Device this wonderful tool in each one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've searched my voice through my body and traveled worldwide in this purpose.Western as well as Eastern voice techniques are my passion. I started my music studies with jazz tradition has always been for me an unlimited Source. My guides never restricted me to one and only one style. I soon found out other sounds you were Pian contemporary vocal or instrumental Jazz new to my ears this type of jazz awakens my senses and curiosity even more throughout my career. This is the style I keep on developing. upping with fascination This has always been my dream thanks to my thesis. I have the opportunity to meet singers musicians students and historians. This enables me to unlock those how they perceive vocal Jazz and the roles played in Europe by nobody's jazz singers together with Zoey van coppenole a talented young director. We decided to create podcasts based on interviews I gave in and other European countries In this first episode. Let's go to Rome to meet Maria Pia DeVito. I also met two singers who were coming to Brussels on their tours lowest level from south of France and Veronica Harsha straight from Budapest. So let's talk about Veronica. When I heard her for the very first time. I immediately enjoyed the party Clarity of her personal and most exceptional Style. Let's listen to her presenting herself. I'm a singer to whom being spontaneous and improve improvising is important. Okay? So on purpose I didn't introduce myself as a jazz singer. I studied as a jazz singer, but I like to say that for me improvisation and spontaneity on stage is important but not necessarily the traditional jazz. Is that comes from America? It's very difficult. I think for most artists. It's very difficult to categorize themselves. Of course now, I'm contradicting to myself because the American tradition is part of my tradition as well because I studied that but in the meantime, I always listened to music other than Jess. So I always like to listen to some alternative psychedelic. Rock music and some trip hop and recently I listen to a lot of classical music and I even like some genres in electronic music. So I have various influences and I think it reflects very much on the music that I do because I don't only do jazz, but but I also do alternative pop music Veronica has a rather unusual musical path. She first followed a completely pleat University course before deciding that she wanted to become a musician. It was then that she studied jazz singing in Budapest and started her professional career at the age of 30. She wanted to push the boundaries and continue to evolve by returning to her studies at the Brussels Conservatory where she followed a two-year Master's with David links. She made major encounters there for example with pianist and composer did Rick whistles who gave her a composition lessons or with Chris default who gave her free improvisation classes. She didn't expect it. But it really had a huge impact on her vision of music. She realized that when you have the freedom to produce any sound when you remove all the technical details, It is the pure essence of music that is essential. I think the first singer that I have to name is Janis Joplin because she was the first that I really got into listening to reasoning to her style and she was the first singer that I really wanted to reproduce. So I was I was trying to sing like like her and I learned her her songs and I was blown away by them. The enthusiasm and the character in her voice. So I was looking to recreate something like that. Of course. I have a totally different voice. So it was not possible and it wouldn't make any sense to to recreate something like that. But I think she was the first one to open me to spontaneity and and to the importance of character character of The Voice. She was also influenced by jazz. News such as common macray Abilene con or Betty Carter. They think outside the box of pure American Jazz tradition in order to be more experimental Veronica also told me that she was greatly influenced by Hungarian traditional music in a way to say the least original. It surely has and and I got to realize that only when I got outside of Hungary, yeah, because when you are in your cocoon, you don't realize the the characteristics and you don't realize that some things which are plain and simple for you are complex for others and some things that are natural for you are completely unnatural. Yeah for others. Yes, but I only got to realize that when I when I got out of Hungary Used to dance in a folk dance group when I was a kid between age 6 and 12 which is an important period right before the teenagers and we were singing to especially the girls had to sing. I remember we had these Circle dances and it's funny because back then I didn't realize how important it was that we sang as well it came. Mmmmm automatically, of course, it was also part of the tradition. So we had to but the focus was always on the dance and never on the singing. But in the meantime, we learned on the songs and and I only realized that later that it was probably very important for me and I remember them the first lesson singing lesson with David links my teacher here. In the first class, he made me read some red Nicole exercises. And I remember that he looked at me and he says he was happy like you have a good a good sense for ridden. But of course you come from Hungary it's easy for you. And I remember and I remember being a little bit upset. You know, I instinctively wanted to say it's me it's not it's not because I'm Gary it's because I'm good at this and Then I started thinking maybe he's right while interviewing singers. I asked them how they relate to their voice Veronica reveals her intimate connection to her voice. She shares the communal feeling of all women singers for women. It's even more difficult to make our voices ring with flexibility roundness and Brilliance every day as if we could ignore the changes in our Body, according to the hormonal cycle we have to accept and live with this vocal and emotional fragility. I was touched that she talked about this in our interview because let's face it. It's still a taboo, of course our voice is also A very honest thing everything that that happens in our minds and in our bodies is reflected on The Voice we are women. So the first thing is our hormonal system, which is in constant changing Judas. So that has to be taken into consideration as well when we talk about the voice because it influences its warmth or makes it more. Husky sometimes so it really influences the the timber the color then the mood the emotional mood you can play an instrument. Of course. It's going to be reflected on your Solo or in your improvisation, but you can I think you can play A Melody more or less the same if you if you have a Different state of mind but it's going to reflect on The Voice immediately. So it's a it's a very honest thing which is great. I like to show people many things through my voice. It's not a problem for me to to even to cry on stage when it comes to that. I'm not crying very often, but it could be but it happened to me and it also happened to me that I was loved. being so hard on stage that I couldn't sing the song so so many things can happen which immediately reflect on The Voice and I like that because I like I like natural behavior and I like natural communication and I don't like The walls that that are necessary to protect ourselves, but which we can simply build in society and in communication and and maybe one thing why I like music so much is because I cannot build walls there. Maybe some people can decode it better than others, but it will all be there in my voice. So yeah, I think I have a happy relationship with my Veronica transmits her Purity wisdom Simplicity as well as her Madness and astonishing artistic research. I had the opportunity to listen to her several projects in Next Step by Antoine Pierre, for example Music that has he hates between jazz Rock and electronics where her very charismatic vocal role is breathtaking. Let's listen to her quite it with balanced game and guitarist out when Pierre drummer and nicoletis bass player. Let me go let me go something anything anything. Please don't let me get into the strong since I'm bored. He is my shield for today. Now let's talk about lowest level this very charismatic young French singer. He studied in California with Roger letson and then spent five years at the Brussels Conservatory with David links since then. He has returned to France and leads a masterful courier. It is impressive to see how in such a short time. He made really name for himself on the French Jazz scene. He plays wonderfully in Intimate bands as well as Big Ben's in connection with his own voice. He puts lots of pressure on voice research. He reads a lot of books on the subject and tries to understand the vocal instrument. He tries to work the resonators vibration relaxation range texture and sound in general without trying to push his voice in order to stay in the spoken Sun natural voice in a way. He seeks vocal simplicity. The disavow to take the door Association to toe for him everything he does is jazz, even if journalists and audiences do not always share the same opinion. Let's listen to his explanation. Nation seriously people from the more jazz fusion set music suspenseful music plays blues music music music SSO Apple music But once it's actually just supposed to happen and music can still also. Okay, I suppose a good feeling about covid. 7jz in quest for sound Lois sometimes sings in French or in English or without words. These choices are never left to chance for him. What counts above o is to be at the service of the melody an introduction of boy. Should I text the digital currency is a general email? Evolved in incredibly varied musical currents. He spoke of back and Erik Satie Bjork and Radiohead, but also about Eastern European traditional music the premieres on fumes. C'est toi Avec L would preach at research music theory. We just found a majority could teach it again? She's a beautiful creamy. You should trick like you do. Persecution is accumulative it is until you miss Korea says it is you specifically told you I couldn't have these different. Well, we re feeling and blue from school. Prescription medicine for seizures if Louis is not only inspired by the singers. He listens to however divers day. Maybe he also loves to read it inspires him greatly shamea need only musi the for these artists come see me and we will elect yourselves to know. I liked you say nothing stroma, which Stephen you're not supposed facet mediated by so possibly I'll be me me should pursue a degree from Cornell has some coffee too. Skinny pants Leonard lowest electro-mechanics motion more than a more pliable. Re-election for most important to vo vo vo, he feels musically close to many contemporary jazz singers and especially to those who do vocal research compared to those who stick to an established vocal style. For example, he names the French singer Layla Maciel and the sweet singer and red shell David links has of course also being of a great influence from the very beginning of his learning. Merci beaucoup limitation links himself to placement to show development which are planned. Why can you believe as you see I see Limited? flowers dancing the song from his latest album called vinda Hulu la la la Nope. I come from the Jazz tradition, but I allowed to have a place in my music world. Also my roots the Neapolitan Roots, but the the experience and the view of jazz is permeated all my work. So I'm looking. For proximities in between languages musical languages or actual languages. It's a part of my work. It's very important. Right? Do you think you belong to a certain style of jazz? Well, I think I did so many different things, you know. Yeah, I played and sang so many different kind of music that it's difficult to find wines one style of one word to describe what I do because I sing also music By Joni Mitchell great songwriters or I work with electronics or I work around Baroque music and an improvisation. So it's a variety of things of languages Maria Pia DeVito is the very first singer. I interviewed. It was after getting lost through the Roman maze that I had the honor to meet her at her place and begin my research. Maria Pia DeVito is a must first of all because she's a wonderful singer songwriter. But also because throughout her career, she mixes contemporary jazz classical and Folk Music World music and mainly Neapolitan music as much as she can in order to create and develop her own style. I was surprised to see how close I was to the singers who Inspire her in different styles starting with sidsall Andreessen and Norma Winston who will talk about in future episodes and also Romani the South Indian singer. We both followed her courses in singing and carnatic rhythms in India. She tells us here about how she started to sing Jazz. I love this story and I really hope you will like it too. When I decided to think Jazz really the day I decided to think Jazz I went to pass through the newspaper place, you know, and they were selling records and I pick up a record where there was one tune by Ella Fitzgerald. There was animal special, you know, yes, I'm really really pretty really. Yeah, so I go home. I hear that thing and get completely crazy. Z and I stayed in until I learned it by heart and then I started going around town and say do you know any jazz musician and finally they sent me to a piano player and he said would you put can you sing just nice to know I know this the really so the guy got excited because I thought he I could do God knows what I knew only that so I started singing standards. He told me about the real book, you know, I started buying things. Sorry buying records and stuff. And then but then I remember he told me I went there with sophisticated lady. I got crazy about servicing and I went there and I sang it and you say oh fantastic. Now, you won't provides on that and said, what do you mean improvise on that? This is so difficult I cannot so that was not a very good idea, you know, it was so rude, but then I started Are going to see rehearsals of friends and they were moved by my constantly being there. So I think you come to next record concert and sing a couple of teams. Then I sang round about midnight and and a blues and just before going on stage, you know, trumpet plays say, okay, you're going to sing the chorus twice and Nu improvises. No, I don't want to provide now you have to improvise. So I improvised on the spot on stage never having had improvised. Yes, and I was like, I didn't know what I did, you know, I was but then they handed me the recording of that cassette. I still have it and it's a very strange Soul one was say but I was never out of Team, you know, so that comforted me have a good ears and and then I started you know in provide improvising, you know, yes, so pull the people they were my audience beginning because I was like a Kamikaze. Yeah. But then, you know the important thing, you know about improvisation is doing it when it comes to improvising. She explains that in Neapolitan music. There is a great openness for improvisation just in order to be able to decorate the melody for Maria Pia whether in her teaching or in her own songs in her various projects, she pays all her attention to the Neapolitan Heritage, which she loves to link. Modernity, I wish sometimes I could I could have the possibility to not to start from the tradition, you know, but sometimes students need there are things that they don't know and it's important for them to to understanding in in order to get to understand what it is the modernity, you know, these the contemporary jazz singing. How things have gone, you know, and what's the next step in and do you so you teaching in Jazz department? Yes. Yes. Yes. And do you do you try to create a link between tradition and modernity also sure. Absolutely, but that's what I do. Also, when I work on Project music from Neapolitan Roots, you know, it's it's always that the that's the point, you know, also, I like to think about tradition using another word which is heritage heritage. So we inherit you know this great tradition you Of this tree of death, you know that started in States, but then there is the wonderful, you know Heritage that I have from Napoli, which is an incredible Place musically in the centuries. There is music from the Renaissance. There's always been a metis sergeant natural matte is such because Napoli Wizard or you know over Mediterranean Sea where Spanish culture French culture Arabic culture all were connected Inseparable. So it's a very interesting place. So and naturally I don't I'm not interested in singing the Neapolitan tradition the important Heritage as it is, but I like to have My view on it, you know my vision of what that poetic Incredible World musical world can you know can be alive today? Neapolitan is the language that comes naturally to her when she wants to write texts on Melodies. She is always looking for the right words, which will perfectly match the music perhaps because she is mainly influenced. But poetry literature and philosophy. Sometimes I get inspiration from from philosophers or from the work of some artists poetry a lot literature a lot. So my inspiration comes from it's pretty intuitive the beginning of an idea, but when I'm composing can be I can start from. Harmony you know something that hypnotizes me here and then I start working or I start from lyrics and inspiration. remove each cutest It departs shovel. But I couldn't so she starts won't Metropolis into over the heat. The shirt like is the most quiet. Please don't leave. Female case the Chia vampire we close this first episode with this magnificent Neapolitan song by Maria Pia DeVito. I'm looking forward to sharing the rest of my adventures with you. You will also soon be be able to find the complete interviews on the website dedicated to the subject. Be patient. In the meantime. You can leave a comment a message or subscribe on the platform you are using to listen to this episode. It was Bubba have unique explores a podcast directed by bargaining and the event opener the interviews. I carried out by Baba Yannick the jingle is written and performed by an ampere. Thank you for listening.