December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there? Who are you? What do you want? You are listening to the call of the Void stay tuned Stacy. And see where are you and see who's there? I'm lost lay down your weapon. You needn't fear us. Where did you take her she is where she belongs as you know, actually, I think I'm going to stay here and you're going to give her to me. She does not belong to you under her she sure is. Doesn't belong to you either take a man great one. Look I don't want to hit you with this crowbar, but I will be still boy get away from me. Don't touch Paris. There is no need I said get away take him. Wake up. Now. You must wake where am I? You are blessed. You have been found. Why am I chained? You will be one with us soon. Wait, do I know you we are not one but many the car outside of Nola Etsy hit you with her car Hannah Hannah. Do you remember me? Memories are human weakness and we have no need for them. They cause shame. Torment, you can seek it. How did you get better? Is there a cure for what you had a cure? No, it's eyes see through me. It's mouth speaks through me. I was weak as one now. I am the void. What did it do to you? You must be dressed for the feast I don't want to go to a feast. I want you to let me go no need. Need where's Etsy? Where are you keeping her? The Priestess? Whatever you're calling her. I want to know if there's a cure or what it did to you. I already said that. It feels foggy. I don't like that. It feels foggy come. Where are you taking me? We call this the Acropolis the place of the chosen. These are the people that have gone missing. They have been found and why have they been found in time friend? The void will rain fo8 will rain give my Interruption great one. There is no need he wishes to speak to the Priestess. Hey, Betsy. They have food here. Do you want some jambalaya? Are you okay? Yeah, if the Priestess wishes to rest, it's fine. He can talk to me you can leave. Okay, what what is happening? You're bleeding? You're just sitting there eating their food. You're bleeding a lot. Let me get you something and you're just okay with that Etsy Topher sit down before literally all the blood in your body pours onto the ground. This is going to sting. You shouldn't have come here. I came here to help. I've been talking with neckerman. I figured that much out. He's trying to do something with these people. They had all been affected like your sister and your dad and me. Yes. Topher this is bigger than either of us thought. These people neck Ramon found these people and brought them together. He called them to the void, but they need me tonight. They're having a feast a feast. That's what they call it when they wake it up. And tonight is different because you're here. This time the void with me it won't have any limits. So the end of the world starts tonight, you're okay with that Topher. There's so much pain in the world so much Darkness. This isn't how you fix it. More Darkness more destruction. They don't see it like that. Well, that's what it is. So it doesn't really matter how they see it. You need to go home to over go home. I figured that much. I'm sorry. I dragged you into you're forgetting. I don't have a home. My home was my dad and my sister and Nola and my home, but that's all gone. Now. It's blank all blank. I know so I'm not going to give up anything else. That's what family is. The only family I ever had put me in a room and turn the lights off. They let the darkness consume me until maybe that's all there was. You said it yourself? I don't have a family. I know what your mom did to you. I know what it did but you have right now you have the chance to make the circle and you can say no and I know it's hard. I know it's going to hurt but you can say no and me I figured that much out but but it's all gone. Now. It's blank and me tougher. Are you? Okay? Don't prize keep going in and out and I figured that much out. I can talk with Nick Romani. He I don't want to talk with him. I would rather dissolve right here in front of you. I would rather it. Take me if this this is the last saying thought inside my head. I need you to know that you are not alone at seed element. And I want you to do I need you when the darkness and the shallow fills your throat. You stand that's what you do. You can say no and I figured that much out and me. I placed it is your way to you with the feast I know we're coming. Brethren we have pledged we have given ourselves our flesh and the Flesh of the Earth on this glorious night in this glorious night. Our goal is for me. Good morning. It's giving us priests in these seeds to blessed night. The Glorious night the Boyd shall claim all the turmoil and the trials of this Earth are passing tonight. So shall. baby swallowed by the infinite holler And all shall be bound lips trenni tea. breathe and see great one is something wrong what happened to your mother. It's edel means she hated her so much hate inside all this is enough to look over here. Don't listen to them. Remember what she did to you all those hours and look at me little girl. They couldn't make her own Flames. So, um, But you don't listen to them and see your anger when you close off what the others grow stronger when you pluck out one eye the other grows stronger. There is no queue without the void and there is no boy. You hand me and right here. This is together as wise as I do boy will rage. I think we can. Right Way swears you have so much hate so much burning Reckless thing. It's what you are. I had so much more. I'm more than that. Laughs I have more than the back. In the rain and the Thunder and the wind I am more than you. I am more than my pain. I am more than my hate. Patsy mom and my dad come sit with me. Where are we you are so much more than I could have hoped. You don't know me. I stole your childhood. And the cost was not being there for the rest. The only way this ends. Is if one of us breaks the circle. I forgive you, Mom. I'm sorry. I'm sorry to at sea. That's it. Hey, come on. Wake up. That's you. You have to wake up now. Breathe. Come on. I Need You to Breathe. Tony don't go into the void. I can't follow you there. Don't let it take you we got let's see open your eyes. Open your eyes and see. Sources symptoms across the city are beginning to subside Rising tropical storm is beginning to fade in what experts are calling as a client is sort of the cause of the supernatural event the Gathering of 80 people found in the swamp are in transit to New Orleans hospital to make a full recovery. Topher hey, hi, how are you? I'm getting there. How do you feel confused my head hurts? I think that's normal. Like I don't really know what's normal anymore. But mine does too. You saw it we did after he stopped it. Where is she? She's here the hospital is she okay, so you do care about her. She might not be a traitor. She's okay. I don't know yet. It's good to hear again. It gets claustrophobic in your head. It does how expensive is hospital food. It doesn't matter. I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you, too. Hey Etsy I don't know if you can hear me, but you're going to get better. That's just what's going to happen. Officer Mason stopped in to say hi. He said you still didn't listen to him. And Simone wants to see you. And I want to see you so. Get better, okay. I can what I've been taken by the void. You're awake. Yes, I'm awake I passed out I didn't die. You can literally hear my heartbeat on the monitor. I thought you were okay. That's the way it's going to be. How are you? I'm not going to tell you but you're dead. Yeah, I'm dead. I'm a ghost now. You can't die yet you owe me a coffee. Wow, that is my line. Thanks for getting me here. However, that happened welcome. You talk to it. Yeah, I kill monsters now you do. My mom was there you talk for a minute. Are you okay? Yeah, I am. I'm in a different place now different is good. I think so. What happens now? another good thing Thank you for listening to the call of the Void. This series was written and produced by Michael Allen Herman and Josie Lipinski. This series was created by all Michigan talent and stars Michael Allen Herman is Topher Summers, Josie Eli levchin. Ski has Etsy Dalman Bruce? Bennett is Victor Summers. Amanda buchalter is Simone Summers Mary Claremont as Janice Fletcher Tim, Claremont as doctor will carton Matt Delilah's Baker Peterson and he Dilworth as An appalling and knocks David gallito as Hogan Jones and the dispatcher Julia car lot as dr. Joanne delman Angel Jeter as nurse Abigail and Lodi James Herman as James Herman Dan Johnson as neck Ramon and officer Mason polyps in ski as Sheriff Paul and the bus driver Ronnie Lipinski as Charlie the checkout girl Allison Miko as nurse Johnson and a news reporter. Kelly Stonebrook is Professor Navarro and Karen Barbara transfer res as Marcus Fletcher and Jose elmire as Walt Rogers and Malcolm delman The Plymouth Community Arts Council is a proud sponsor of the call of the Void. R77 for North Sheldon campus in Plymouth. Michigan is dedicated to the Visual and Performing Arts hosting monthly exhibits and providing spaces to create your own extraordinary visit w-w-w dot Plymouth arts.com for programming and inspiration. We've been all about the Arts since 1969 special. Thanks to our Seasons donors Adam Davies. Can Hansen Christine Herman Deb Jackson, Jack malach Elise Paquin Jason such Jeff Winn him Kate Voight Matthew Staton, Julia, Carla and Lauren and Zach, London. The call of the Void is an independent Audio Drama and we rely entirely on donations to keep us going. If you have the means and would like to help please consider donating to our show on our website at Acorn arts and entertainment.com the void, you can also help us by leaving a five star review on a podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts a single review goes a long way in helping us find new listeners. For more details, please visit our social media on Instagram or Facebook at the call of the Void podcast or Twitter. at the call of the Void pee Thank you for listening to the call of the Void stay sane.