Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the team and I to bring you the story.Is affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert. Our Guest Father Patrick, Reilly meanwhile back at the studio. I'll be reading your messages on the text line speaking to some of you and interviewing the people you want to hear from and the occasionally over memed former reality star who doesn't know what making fun of them before that though a quick update on last week's mate story about our towns problematic counselor Keith carton during an interview with the violent alcoholic mayor. I ended up being forced to cancel him on are here are some of your thoughts on the matter Liz from bow more says great interview Louis Could you try canceling that sexist pig again? Even though he's canceled? I'm still experiencing sexism in my day-to-day life. I thank you Liz. If I see him I will try canceling him again. Although once is usually enough Gavin from battuta Heights says Louis interviews, like yours are the reason there is a left and right divided canceling him was unnecessary. Thanks for listening Gavin. I think you'll find it was necessary and that I actually had no choice but to cancel him. It's not an action I take lightly Jaden from Kendall hearse asks Fair go. Louis since when was cart and subject to the court of public opinion, why can't we let the corrupt courts that refused to prosecute him decide. Why does everyone feel the need to chime in with their opinion a fair point and Jaden thanks for chiming in currently mare cotton is leading. The preferred leader poles at 98% be an individual listen up. Do you need a website? How about a domain? How about a business idea made especially for you using one of our award-winning? It's what about an app that keeps track of your co-workers allergies and lets you use this information for good or evil. How about a surprise visit from your dad when he tells you how well you're going and doesn't even want anything from you. How about a machine that lets you go back in time and say no to that multi-level marketing scheme and maybe even save a marriage or two along the way or maybe you just want a simple One Stop Shop to find and hire the right candidate to turn up to your ex's Christmas in July party dress distasteful as a celebrity who died. Recently and eat all their food it all starts with web Corner web Corner websites and more. It's like when well lead was cool now to today's Major story just a quick warning that there is some coarse language in this next segment that may offend any conservatives who hate listening to this show social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto with our main story. If you've been on social media recently you may have seen this video. Octoman what are you thinking? Hello. We're talking to use shoggoths 20 savings for chicken soft. We've come here everyday be these are changing everything 20 cents per Chicken Salt. Fuck me dead, just or even fucking Australian man. That's the actually it's a fucking travesty actually Barclays on off the truck Shack last Wednesday a video was uploaded to Facebook featuring a young battuta ponds couple abusing the staff at gases takeaway for charging 20 cents extra for chicken Salt. And the 30 second video has since been viewed over two million times after being uploaded to notable public outrage blog can't fails as the video Rose to prominence. The public was curious to know more about the man and woman featured in the video who had now been dubbed the chicken Salt bogans. However after some sleuthing by Cool garage introverts the couple were identified as a pair of actors from battuta as wealthiest suburb battuta Grove and the whole thing had been a guerrilla marketing campaign by terminally ill fast food franchise took Shack now, it was clear that chicken Salt bogans were not bogans at all, but privileged young people making fun of a culture. They didn't belong to in an accelerated Chris Lilley and affect middle-class Australians began to question whether or not they had the right to laugh at a marginalized. Any group leaders of the Australian Bogan Community have been outspoken against the tirade of culturally insensitive attacks against bogans including AFL legend war it Kappa like a my girlfriend's better than yours buddy switcher and NASA while the actors in the video did eventually apologized it did little to ease the tension between Bogan and non Bogan Australians. I'm gonna us we didn't mean to offend anyone from the west or Have you from that area that area which is a great area full of life and culture. Yes. So I've heard. Yeah, it's not it's really good. They've got the night market. The rabbit are night markets out there. The food is actually very good. I've been meaning to try but the point is it was it was just a joke and if you didn't get it, I mean that's really on you a ton of on you. I've never even had chicken Salt. No, I have eyes, although many have come out to condemn the video. It continues to be shared online. As Australia's strives to be a more inclusive space for everyone except Baby Boomers. It's important for all of us to ask ourselves. Is it time for us to stop Bogan shaming social justice reporter Katrina Sakamoto there without troubling report about Bogan shaming hit us up on the text line to weigh in on this story, which I am being told is a real issue that affects people to discuss this. I'm joined by two people on opposing sides of this issue professor of social science and working class. Specialist from Batu to UNI. Dr. Moyer a bun as well as former Aria charting Skip Hop artist Braden Blaze. Thank you. Both for joining me. Thanks Louis. Cheers lie. Now. Dr. Moyer many people don't see the harm in laughing at the eloquently challenge demographic many people are calling bogans. What would you have to say to them? Well Louis what people need to remember is that for this community these types of videos don't do anything other than demean them the video that was shared on at cunt fails. I myself thought it was real and want to and out to be fake. I was hoping it would be a satirical take on the rising cost of living because for lower-income earners a price increase on Chicken Salt would be a predatory Tower. You mentioned can't fails there Braden. Do you follow cunt fails on Instagram? Yeah, I do mate and do you identify as a Bogan I never used to but I've definitely been getting invited onto a lot more of these shows since I started saying, yes, so as someone who identifies as a Bogan, were you offended by the chicken Salt Bogan video? No, I wasn't offended mate, but You what concerns me is that we don't have any role models for the bogans that are actually, you know, good cashed-up. So think about like next or just down the road. He has a jet ski, it's a Schmick looking jet ski, and you know what? We need more jet skis and we need more people with money that are bogans. That kids can look up to you know, okay an interesting point there. Dr. Moyer. Do you think more needs to be done to make sure Bogan representation and our media is more diverse. No, I think that what's more important is that people from? From lower socioeconomic backgrounds it given more opportunities early in life. So they don't face issues of prejudice from people who've never had to change their own car tires before huh Braden. What are some opportunities you would have appreciated growing up as an underprivileged youth in Long Reach? Oh well depart from having a few more writing credits for my Aria charting songs in the late 90s when I was a kid, my dad always said son if my multi comes off today, we're going straight up the highway to movie. Well, that would have been good if that happened. Okay, so dr. Moyer You concern by the amount of Bogan children who don't get to visit the Gold Coast Louis. I don't think that's the sort of question. We need to be asking but perhaps we should what we need right now is early intervention for vulnerable children and increase spend in public education. Sorry mate, but that's not going to help anyone. Oh interesting Braden Blaze. You don't think better education facilities would have been beneficial to you. No, no way mate. I quit school started selling drugs. I'm a famous rapper and a child. It on the Arias and now I have an international tour coming up assuming my mates cousin can get a set gig in well in tomorrow the Melbourne of New Zealand sounds sick. Do you think the actors in the video need to apologize again? Nah, they just need to watch their back there become around my area a bit of Street justice, but doctor you think that's not enough. You think the government needs to issue a formal apology to all bogans. Is that correct? I think she left bro. I yes she does happy to no longer be here. No problem though Braden Blaze. Are you still free to hang around? Yeah, why not? Hey, all right, then listeners stick around because me and my close personal friend Braden Blaze wouldn't say that gonna be bringing you more stories from the other side of your neighbors fence after these messages for sleep. Hey, hey, hey buddy heads. It's hey. Hey, Haley and Deborah we know adulting is so uneven sometimes real like all the time that that's it. This is why each week we bring you a half-hour we come on the most important and things you missed on reality TV, but this ain't your grandmother's reality show radio recap of no, we're not just going on Reddit entertaining other people's opinions are our oh no. No, we're doing that plus wait wait, The show's to get to the bus go straight from the albatross like this week were chatting with Betty hosts or chickens, babe. Here's a sneak peek. I told you to stop calling me. Oh, hey, is it true? That was some behind-the-scenes drama in the latest episode the camera didn't catch. Hmm. Actually. Yeah. Yeah. I do have some hot Goss for you. It's the hottest cost of all it's called manmade climate change trouble in Paradise the past five years have been the hottest on record yet the Bushfire relief package. The government has proposed is one twentieth the size of the tax breaks. They've given to mining companies. Australia's biggest polluters speaking of mining is our Bachelorette any closer to striking gold. How could someone telling you that upside? Nda's just like we sign the Paris agreement but a failing to meet emissions tell us what the camera crew didn't catch what we're going to do that if you're going to keep calling me. I'm going to use this time to urge your listeners to write to their local MP. Tell them we need to switch to renewable energy and phase out fossil. Ha ha ha. I've got addressing the UN in 50 minutes. I've got to give up. Generation deconstructing truth g'day listeners, if you're just joining us for Generation battuto. We're discussing Bogan shaming with Aria charting rapper Braden Blaze. Hey, some of you have sent in messages through the text line regarding our Chuck Shack story Alice from Hallandale says don't get what's wrong with video. My cousin is a Bogan and I didn't find a defensive Caleb from battuta ponds asks, why aren't you dogs talking about the real issues Gaza? Really? He's charging 20 cents extra for chicken Salt cheers for letting us know that's happening. Caleb will be sure to go down there and check it out with a few members of the security staff and peers from Sydney says, I've got a solution to being a Bogan it's called having some class sounds like Pierce could do with a visit to cook Shack. Oh, yeah, dawg who you agree? Yeah, do we high-five? All right. I was awesome now do a dicey situation that will have lasting impact. Packs for generations to come have you ever finished a night out before 9 p.m. If you answered yes chances are you've visited battuta Bowling Club while visiting you may have noticed the buzz of the venue's senior bowling team the battuta bees her style is it yours love not dominant to get the drinks goes home. All right, no need to bite my head off for a hundred and twelve years. The battuta bees have been a town staple taking. I'm a record of 49 National lawn bowls titles as well as giving birth to bowls Legend. Klaudia claw grip Caldwell Cordia Core group has done it again. If you've been listening to the news lately you may have heard about Caldwell's passing after a long battle with an oncologist who told her she would die if her skin cancer remained untreated her State funeral was held yesterday me those who died rest in. Peace. And may we each and every one of us? Thank God for someone who made many many people happy by the battuta bees are a community in mourning Caldwell's death has highlighted a bigger issue amongst them. The battuta bees are rapidly declining in numbers once boasting 4000 members. There are believed to be less than 500 battuta bees left and scientists. Say things are not looking good for them. There needs to be more awareness about this 500-piece. I'm not enough. That was dr. Helga winter scene of the csiro for five years. She has been tracking the bees around the town's rsl's bingo halls and cafes with senior discounts. A lot of people here. There are less space and I think that it might not be an issue. But the fact is it's bad bad news for battuta restaurants are saying there are less people in for dinner between 4:00 and 6:00 p.m. And there were 20 years ago local musical Productions are experiencing record low ticket sales and the town's Muslim population hasn't faced discrimination in Dave what are these numbers tell you the impending death of the battuta bees would mean a drastic change in the town and if we don't act fast future Generations will be stung social justice reporter Katrina Sakamoto with that disturbing report. It's fucked if you're just joining us. We are with friend of the show and me Braden Blaze eyes and we are joined by dr. Helga whose voice you just heard. Dr. Helga what are some things we can do to stop the bees going extinct? Hi Louis. There are many things we can all do too. The baby's healthy and stole some pokies in your Venue. That'll keep them happy and healthy avoid any kind of toxic masculinity based discussion that puts them off and makes me feel older. Okay, they sound impossible. What sort of Fallout are we looking at? If the battuta bees did go extinct to be horrible for the town problematic. Would you say not really it would be a cataclysmic event that would permanently alter the very way I would have stuff on the text line Jake from done. Yo girl says just outlaw Barefoot balls young people be forced to play proper bowls. Ted good call Jake Braden Blaze. Is there anything you do to keep the bees healthy? Yeah, I like to make sure that I use my Skyline as little as possible in town. So I don't accidentally hit one of them when the jaywalking Ah, that's a great idea. Yeah, man, not doing that again yourself now our next story takes place in battuta. Old City District once home to furniture repair stores and rug warehouses, but now it is an epicenter of things even more useless than that such. Advertising agencies independent theaters and Tech startups recently. However reports of a startling Trend have emerged among the community you may have heard of Silicon Valley entrepreneurs micro dosing on LSD, but here in Australia, there is a new trend with rumors circulating that Tech startup employees are micro dosing on drugs. It might seem harmless but a millimeter line of coke here and a half cone of cannabis there soon adds up over the course of the Six-Day work week. Eek could this be true or is it the media yet? Again sensationalizing something that was never their business to begin with I sent youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 in to find out Tyler about to go in I'm here to see Damien. Hi sure thing. What was your name? My name is Bevin sure thing Bevin. I'll buzz him down now. Thank you to understand this trend I posed is an independent investor and visited an old CD District Tech startup incubator and open space for small businesses to ideate collaborate and most importantly talk about American basketball. My contact was Damien and account director a reapply a company that developed an app that helps people who've created. Dated a failed app Bevin. Yep. Great to meet you mate. Damien. Damien showed me around the flexible office space which was reminiscent of a rumpus room with bean bags of Foosball table and a PlayStation. It reminded me of my you need or a place that I could imagine myself getting very invested in after a teen nibble on the end of a biggie, but he is this foosball table all the time couple of intense tournaments did a grinding teeth. No, not not that often actually interesting. Why don't you show me what an average day looks like for you? Yeah, sure come around to my desk as you can see it's up at the moment and it could be down and Damien filled me in Hell dull humdrum. He's Whispering life and it didn't take long for me to build up some trust side. So biking and anyone here dos pardon cheeky dosing of the druggie kind might we have a strict. No because I like to invest with companies that dos Okay, hang on a second. I might have something for you Damien. Then led me to a windowless meeting room where from a shelf of profanity-laden self-help books. He produced a hollowed-out book full of early noughties pressed ecstasy pills. Oh, wow. Yeah, we got these from a time capsule that was buried around about the 2000 Olympics has given to us as payment by some by keys that we had to make an app for so damn. Yeah. It was pretty wild out it was Like I was it who buries its but for debt collectors take one out. Okay crushing the bill with his disused Jim pass Damien. I each had a small amount of the Pressed Pinger. I think I'm feeling it already or you won't feel anything yet. Let's get back to work three hours later and Damien had completed a week's worth of work and I brainstormed roughly 4,000 new business ideas from my Alter Ego Bevin to invest in one side effect of pressed pill micro dosing I was soon to learn was how much time you spent talking about the pills you are currently on. Yeah. So are these pills come from a time when Hills were okay. Yeah, you could die tonight club or a festival and it weren't any consequences, you know, you just died, you know as a thing that happened he just died actually better get another sneaky dose right now, you know a little bit of a micro D. Okay. Let's do it. I couldn't believe how micro dosing on an antiquated. Had made the two of us so productive Damien and I ended up micro dosing three more times throughout the day and I found that Bevins appetite became far more adventurous as I learned all of the incubator startups had their different micro dosing methods employees of the Fast Food Service picky eats the first mailbox for picky eaters. That sends a nuggets to your door each week each slowly consumed a cone of cannabis throughout the day strangely the staff of the casually racist website that pairs marijuana with wine. Rose a with Jose for when the bong in exchange for micro overdosing on heroin and Reviving each other after 1 second of being legally dead. I just had a great idea for it online store most disturbingly. We were also joined by the CEO of gambling app bet Tinder formally poker and poker an app that allows you to get sexual favors instead of money as a keeper of the old traditions the CEO inserted 1/10 of an ecstasy pill into his anus while we all watched in fear got the key stakeholders me to be sure up fuck. Did you go see tissue anywhere? Although we had completed. Equivalent of a month's worth of work for the average under unionized Ozzy reapplied team members such as Damian Works long into the night with only chewing gum and late nineties Transfer Company today me man. What would you say to anyone who thinks you know, like micro dozing is bad man meant people would people just need to get over this sort of thing and it's not all junk he's doing it. Yeah. Well, it's civilized guys changing the world. I'm wearing a pocket square and don't look see I just great hair this in the morning. That's what I'm saying, man. It looks so good Kennedy. Yeah, dude, and they look so goddamn Ian. I love that pocket square dude. Thank you. You're welcome. I've been thinking about telling my girlfriend or lover. That's beautiful. Well what we're talking about? Oh, yeah. Yeah, we're not being stupid. You know that the company I was at before, you know, we're who am I producing on meth meth? How did that work out? That's pretty horrible. Yeah would yell at each other until fire them beat the shit out of each other. It's got mad. Yeah, we Blues were Sates wouldn't get the counts done. This this makes a lot more sense, you know where productive and happy to be here and we're delivering shareholders satisfactory. Same technique. Can I just tell you man? I've had like honestly such a good day with you like like right here make me to make me to our he come to drop the gun. Amazing. Amazing. How good's music man? Oh, I'd love it Damien. We should do something to remember this day. Yeah, yeah. Yeah anything about Damien man, would you sign this release form for me? Oh, fuck. Yeah, man. Fuck. Yeah. What's this for although Damien and I would eventually experience a micro come down our lack of self-worth and disinterest of every activity available to us was remedied when we remembered how much we had accomplished. Thanks to Carl Williams era party drugs. I didn't 2080 call calls yesterday some of them even pick up it was wild. I also came up with and executed the summer camp. And work through lunch. Thus saving the company money and it's all thanks to my grossing generation battuta. Let's news or views. Yes. And what a report that was. Did he take any of those being as before? He left? I know he didn't Braden kulak write down the address would you? Yeah, I'll do that for you. But I just quickly a few of you hit us up on the text line in regards to that story Will from The Old City District says, I love press being a micro dosing. How do you think I could send this text so quickly? That's a great point. Will Braden what do you think of Micra dosing on pressed pingers made? I think it's the bee's knees to be totally honest. Oh, yeah back in the naughties. We had those perfectly pressed piece on the brown ones you drop one of them or you had couldn't even feel it anymore. Oh, yeah felt like I was on cloud nine. So Cloud Nine I would say it was good actually micro dosing. I'll just do them all the time. Just all the Pinger just a whole thing. Oh, okay. So you're talking about macro micro dosing. I guess. I just like taking penis us some great advice there from my And former Aria charting artist bright and Blaze but about wraps up the show today. Don't forget to follow us on Instagram in tune in next week. We'll be discussing travel tips to keep you safe while you're binge drinking in other countries. Also, you've heard of Asian people buying baby formula in bulk at the supermarket, but now hear about the white people who were buying every second hand vinyl at the battuta markets all of them. Yeah. I'm talking to you you Back to your Cafe that's next week on generation battuta, but to take us out Christina Cavanaugh. See you've got some new music for us - that's right Louis. We have a real super burglar from northern beaches Boys Ocean Ali Ali Ali boys are at it again. This next chain is all about having a dunk in the biggest drink this side of Splenda the ocean this little beige Banger is called boogie board. I Wanna Get down. Can you see me humping the waves on a boogie board?