Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I'veStop along the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller. The often asked question of why aren't I getting any sales today or this weekend or this week? And I want to start this conversation off by actually sharing about a mistake. I made in my Poshmark experience. Especially as a beginner in my posturing journey, I would spend a lot of time researching I'd research what works what doesn't work. What does this person say about Poshmark? And what is this article say about polishing and I ended up finding myself really drawn to the Instagram community of postures who share about their own experience. I'm such a visual learner that seeing other postures were doing their thing how they package stuff. What? Did what tips they had the sales they were having all of those elements. They were really helpful to me and allowed me to get a better grip to see it and learn about how it all works. So naturally I felt drawn to the photos of resellers that were absolutely crushing it. I'm talking about the photos of the 10 15 30 packages that are stacked High nice and neat perfectly edited with a gorgeous reseller in them and a caption that might have went something like sales from my weekend sale and my first gut reaction to these photos was shame jealousy envy and a lot of comparison. I saw these resellers killing the game, but I only felt my lack because I didn't make a single sale that week. I found myself obsessing over these photos or spending so much time in the Poshmark app. Wondering why doesn't anyone want to buy my stuff and I felt discouraged. I wanted to throw in the towel and I kept thinking to myself. Maybe this gig simply isn't for me. This brings us right into today's conversation of what do you do when you have slow sales whether you're in the reseller business or you have your own small business of a different nature. I'm also going to share two game-changing things that I now do every day that I have found to be the most beneficial after I've done my share of researching trialing these things and now knowing that these are the two keys. My success as a reseller. Whether you are a brand-new reseller, or you've sold a thousand things, I wholeheartedly believe these tips will be helpful for you. I share this story about my comparison envy and jealousy because that's not really the truth that I'm living out today after this feeling of discouragement and really being stuck in my slow sales. I turned to The Experts. I love a good podcast from other entrepreneurs who have been in this business or other businesses way longer than I have and they have so much wisdom to share. my favorite quote that I heard in one of these podcasts and business from a business Expert which honestly as change their trajectory of my mindset regarding slow sales and comparison, especially comparison to others people's success is this don't compare your chapter 1 to someone else's chapter 20 when I was spending time looking and consuming how others were succeeding in their sales. I was comparing my baby steps to their Marathon. So I had to take the time I had to take time to acknowledge my mistakes. I had to process my negative outlook and I had to change my mindset all of those things actually brought me to this place of Routing so abundantly for every stack of sales that I ever see now now I can see and rejoice with any success that I'm seeing on the interwebs and I ended up changing my mindset by only allowing myself to compliment anybody primarily on Instagram who I saw succeed. I would either comment a praise to them or a compliment or I would State of my mind and I would do this every single time. I complimented and praised until that negativity did not exist or have a space in my mind or in my heart. This has changed my view on success because I see it now as such a healthy. Joyful. I am rooting for you mentality that may not necessarily boost my sales. But here's the deal if I see myself being a reseller for a long time. I ought to have a positive outlook no matter the negatives that try to creep it and discourage me. And because of this I continuously post my own little stacks of the one sale here and the one sale there and sometimes the three sales here and I love to quote it saying one is better than none. And I love seeing others post that too and just encourage one another that every Victory is to be celebrated and you know, what else that person who sold 30 things that is proud and should be proud. They might have 800 things listed they might put in 50 hours of work. They might be going on Thrift halls and flipping and getting and washing and taking photos. Like they might be doing this all day and putting in the work and of course, they should make all these sales when you have so much more inventory mathematically like duh, you're going to have more sales but beginner Christina could not See that I was so stuck thinking if I don't look that way and have that stack then I'm just not cut out for this. And I I might have a hundred things listed maybe I put in 10 hours into this because I am part time. I'm also a teacher. I also have other things and hobbies going on and comparing that success of someone else through this lens of jealousy. It just was stealing my joy, and I get to decide every day if I choose joy in this business. and I do another mistake that I made I didn't even know this was a mistake and I'm looking up all these methods of what works and how do you boost your sales? And I saw that you should be sharing other people's closets. And sharing someone else's closet is not a bad thing. It's actually a kind gesture and it encourages this community element of Poshmark, but you guys I spent hours sharing other people's closets. I was believing that this would lead to a sale spoiler alert. It didn't And I actually was really thankful. I read from another posture who posted this on their Instagram that they did a little experiment to find out that when you share someone else's closet you share an item or five or whatever. It shares to their Community Feed, but it does not make your item as just shared as it would when you personally share it. So I ended up putting in all this time that ended up being wasted time. Instead of really valuing my time. And so from there I researched more and I found some other tips and really trying to figure out. How can I boost my sales like how what do I do when I'm having a slow week or a slow season and I kept finding the same stuff. This might be the same stuff. You're seeing have a clean listing use a clear background use proper and descriptive descriptions. Make sure you don't have spelling errors and mistakes in grammar list popular and trendy stuff be active in the Poshmark community. Great, you know what? I kept thinking. Yes, and and so this brings me to sharing with you through many trials and errors mistakes and victories the two key methods. I use every day that have become a routine staple to my reseller Journey. First sharing your own closet at least two times a day. The reason I mentioned that sharing other people's closet was not available use of my time is because I should have been sharing my own now. I share each item in my closet at least twice a day and here's a bonus tip. You weren't expecting this. But here you go. I use the Safari app on my phone. You might be able to load this up on an iPad as well if you have that device. And I load Poshmark Through Safari. I login I'm in my Poshmark seeing my closet. I share my closet Through Safari and I've found it is so much faster. It doesn't leg as does the Poshmark app, and it's just save me time and I have no idea why these are different, but when I find something that saves me time you bet. I'm going to keep using it for real try this. Thank me. Later. Now onto my nugget of gold hi friends. I want to let you in on a secret. That's not really a secret. I started to Source online through thread up, which is basically an online thrift store. And if you're a new user you get up to 50% off your first order and I'm pretty sure you also get free shipping. So I took advantage of this right away and I have new inventory coming to my doorstep and I wanted to share that with you as well. Also, if you want to get $10 to shop with click the link at the bottom of my show notes to get started again. This is through thredup second-hand clothes firsthand fun. This game changing piece of information was brought. Brought to me by another posture who shared it with me and I wasn't able to find this anywhere else on the interwebs. This second tip is relisting at least three items a day. Yep, sounds super simple and it is and it's also super effective if you've never heard of this what you do is screenshot your listed photos in your listing or Them saved somewhere in your phone, which you probably do copy the title and description and delete the listing. You might be thinking but I had like 15 likes on there. Yep. You did too bad. Delete it anyways and say goodbye because then you go and relist it as a brand new listing even though you're not changing anything about it. You can update the photos, but I typically don't And you relist it. The reason this is crucial is because Shoppers see items as just in and they see these items first. So if you look up this brand in your size, you're going to see all of the Justin items pop up first and when you realize these items it will be fresh and right at the top of the feed for that brand some cons to this method. Our sellers are worried about those. Shoppers that might like an item and want to keep it in their cart and I personally have never run into any issues with this but as always use your discretion when you try something new see if you like it because this is your journey. I'm just sharing what's worked for me. And so these two methods of sharing the closet every day at least twice a day and relisting at least three items. Sometimes the most stale items in my closet. These two methods have increased my sales shown me activity on my feed with more likes and comments and sales and interactions and sometimes I've gotten an instant sale when I relist a popular item in, you know, what these methods of truly taught me consistency. This consistency has created a routine for me where these habits are fruitful and they build the endurance to do it anyways even If I have not made a sale in a Day weekend or even a week, I am living proof that sometimes you don't sell a thing. No matter how much you're putting in no matter how many methods you're trying no matter how popular and awesome your items are. Even when you do all the right things, sometimes you just don't make a sale and you need to tap into the consistency to help encourage and do the work. Even when you aren't seeing any results. I encourage you to try out these two methods see if they work for you. But I further encourage you to just find this consistency and resilience even during those slow moments where you have no control over the sales coming in. Or they're not coming at all. I hope you find the joy you choose the joy and you spread the joy within this reselling business and give yourself some Grace you got this. Thank you so much for listening to the podcast pashing together here today if this was insightful inspiring or helpful to you in any way, please be sure to help support this podcast by New episodes drop every week and you'll be the first to know about all the ins and outs of reselling leveling up and growing your small business. If you are at all in a place to financially sponsor my podcast to help create new episodes each week. Be sure to check out the link in the show notes on how free ways to support always include taking a screenshot and tagging me in your stories about what you learned from the episode. Thanks.