What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone. It's this is totally new for us. So we don't really have the muscle memory for this. We're all doing something new together. I think we're going to have fun. We hope that you have fun. And yeah, let's read something here. Hey Casey, big fan. Serious question. What is music? I guess it's anything that speaks to you on sort of an abstract level that you that is Sonic because I think it can be noisy and it can be purely dissonant but it can also be like the Celtic Women record and just big Angelic happy sounding Irish women singing high notes. I don't know if I have a single answer for that. But I think anything can be music. if you believe do another one do another hit. All right, let's keep going to another one where we got but there's wolves is that just pointing out how ridiculous of a song title that is. I remember when I think that is a name that it started with me and Cameron Thorne and he was working on the artwork for the color spectrum and he was sitting next to me while I was working on lyrics for the record and trying at some point my the Distribution Company said we You think you really have to have song names? Because originally it was just read one, two, three, four blue one, too, but all of those colors up to 4 and then it was like, okay, I guess I have to come up with 36 names. That's why some of them are really stupid like like but there's wolves. I think it started as just something about wolves and then it was back and forth between Cameron and me and it ended I think Cameron's idea was like you should put an exclamation point at the end just to make the least amount of sense that you possibly possibly can remember it had to have been maybe maybe two days titling all of the all of the color spectrum like this just has to happen or we miss our release date and we weren't going to sell the 200 copies of this record that we need to sell. Oh Nick, this is for you the brother not even your brother the brother. What's your ideal Sunday? Brunch? I like I like eggs, benedict and I think probably some kind of mimosa thing with some cheap champagne like Andre, that's right up my alley. That's a nice Sunday brunch. All right. That was a totally non-ironic answer to just a serious answer that question. I'll tell you my ideal Sunday brunch since since you were so kind of ask first thing is I you have to wake up like you've never been in the room that you're in ever before if the rate wake up in a frenzy you have to remember the 35 things you have to do before 10 a.m. And then you have to go down and rag2 croissant and then get to work that's That's my kind of Sunday This is from this is from some of the it asked 30 questions. I'm going to pick one. What's the weirdest and I think it'd be cool if maybe each of you answered this. Okay, what's the weirdest thing? You've experienced during a performance? Yes, yes into into the very first song of our set when we were playing in San Francisco my kick pedal broke and I think it was it might have been Church in the dime, which is that dot dot dot dot dot dot. Umm, you know, I know they know what it is, but without a kick pedal or a bass drum for the entire song. It was fucking bizarre. Yeah, I tried to kick it a few times and hit it with my stick and all efforts were yeah, it went bad. Yeah, I'm I have to take this from everyone else because I know that it would be everyone's answer in some way and I hate to throw you under the bus Max. Oh God, but we so this is the answer for all of us. This is the most important thing that's ever happened to us at Coachella. Just let me tell that we got asked to play coach a Which was like, that's awesome. Sure. Let's go and do that and at one point in the set. We like I got really angry and I because I was like I heard what sounded like just people like yelling back and forth like the walkie talkies for the crew must have somehow gotten into our monitor mixes and it was just going off and I couldn't tell what was going on. I don't know how to build the suspense more but what it ended up being that was playing through the PA. Say at Coachella while we played while everyone on stage was looking totally furious at the crew. Was that Max had an episode of Archer playing on his laptop and he used his laptop for his keyboard at the time. He used it for all of us synthesizes and stuff at the time. This is told it's not like he triggered it to play out of spite it just happened. But when we finally realized that it was our fault and we were just looking angrily at around at everybody and that what it actually happened was a cartoon was playing during our one and only all set That was the most surreal thing on stage. I'd ever experienced. The funny thing. I remember to was I was also Furious. Yes crew. You must know. It's a few sewing pissed. I don't mean to steal that away from because that's a collective thing. It happened to all of us. I buried that deep down D and now Max doesn't play keyboard anymore. So I never put those two things together, but it didn't happen at the same time. I mean, you're a wonderful person and we love you. Unconditionally Max. Just don't ever fucking do that again you fuck this up. We have one more goddamn time one shot. Coachella man there was so many deli platters. And now we get none because of Archer I got hooked on coconut water at Coachella. That's right. That's the only place we could coconut. I hate the Coconuts. Yes. That's true. That's true. Wave to Thom Yorke from a distance. That was my oh this is this is unrelated. But I it's a Coachella story. I got all excited to see see Radiohead at Coachella and a lot of times artists that big don't let anyone else on side stage unless they know you personally or whatever. So I was like, oh shit. I'm just gonna walk up these stairs. Let's see what happens. And so then I was side stage for Radiohead and I was so excited. I was like, I can't believe this shit and I was waiting and waiting and waiting and then it started and it was Bon Iver and I was that when he had all the light bulbs on stage. It looked like a pirate ship. Oh Pirates. Come on, so the seed. Oh, yeah, we're still doing it. You haven't talked to this guy. It's been like 10 minutes. She's not too much weird stuff happens to me. It's falsely absolutely false. Absolutely. That's not true at all the weirdest things happen to you. Yeah, but not on stage not on stage on tour. That's true. This is your the safe zone for you. Yeah. So one time this was this is somewhat embarrassing good. Well, let me so how do I start this? I guess we were playing Madison Wisconsin with Coheed and Cambria. We were playing the Majestic Theater. You guys have heard of them. Yeah. They're good bands. Uh, yeah, it was Consul. Yeah, Wisconsin. So we're playing with we're opening for them. And the first song of our set is it's a black song. It starts out with a drum roll. It goes, you know slams into a son never forgive. Never forget. Thank you. So if you don't, you know, basically the first note of the song that you hear is just a big open bass note with distortion on it and my my wife and her family and her parents are there and we're playing this sold-out theater and I'm like, this is badass. My my in-laws are going to think I'm awesome. You know, so the first I can't I can't tell this dude. Goofy. We're giving you a soundtrack. All right. So anyway, the first first note of the song is this big open D. And I'm not tuned to drop the I'm just a nice standard. So I the very first note of the entire set is just the wrong no entirely and I don't know what's going on because like the tracks going and you're looking at me like what the hell is going on? You're like you're in your 80s standard him like shit. So I just kind of have this moment of panic where you know, this is Really frustrated. This is very humiliating. I think I remember that it was it was like an important moment for me and it just I blow it. I completely blow it, you know, so yeah, that was probably the worst thing that I've ever done which wasn't quite the question but one of my favorite things one of my favorite things that ever happened was like there was I'll come on By the way, this is actually how Deerhunter rehearsal goes terrible. We asked one another questions. We soundtrack the answers to those questions. Alright check it. This is from your boy Courtney Martin from disco to Jazz. All TDH fans acknowledge difficulty in describing TDH is music to potential listeners due to the expanse of styles utilized. Is there a style genre / genre of music? You're really aching to try out in a future recording. Can I answer let me do this, dude? Reggae, he's well, I feel like that answering. Well answering is I could guess I could think beyond what is done to something. I haven't done. I think the ultimate challenge for me would be able to find how to make a good. Rap record. I don't even need to wrap. I don't even need to be the one who's doing it. I just mean to be a part of one and you know even just to be the guitar player on one but do you think about them in terms of genre like that? Well, I don't feel like when you're sitting about writing you're like, I gotta do a country. I'm to read a Dixieland. Yeah. No. No, I don't. I don't I don't ever really think about that. You know. What can I just say when we were thinking about how to reduce songs for this set right here, and I guess maybe Tomorrow night too. That is how we talked about it though. It was like what if we did that song like this band but playing this genre, right? Right. So you might say well let's do the song like Billy Joel but if his backing band was the Whalers. Oh kiss. No, I'm just kidding. Was it kiss and the Wailing get us the reggae somehow you could very easily do moving out in that style and we will and here it goes. But that is how we talked about it for re mixing songs. And yeah, let's sort of genre and artists that we like or songs that we really yeah. I mean I'm capable of thinking about genres. I just don't really do it when I'm writing. It's a weird thought to maintain like while you're working on something like damn it. This is just not post hardcore enough. Nobody's gonna like it. I will actually you know what I do think about it in hindsight while I'm writing like Matt like that thought would cross but in in the way of like makeup People will be bothered by how light-hearted this is or some people. I've had people come up earlier in the band's career. Like when it became clear, we weren't a heavy band inherently, like just heavy music there was people who would come to the shows that were filtered over from being fans of the receiving end of sirens who were thoroughly let down by and this is a quote. The lack of two-step parts and I don't know if anybody remembers that being a thing but even like a song like King of Swords. Oh that definitely was concerning. It didn't come about though. Like, you know, we really got to put a disco song on the axe. It was we were sort of we were sort of pretending to be the talking heads or whatever version of The Talking Heads. We could participate pretty fun live demo when we were writing it of me doing my David Byrne impression through the whole thing, huh? No, no, that's just for me. It's for the fuzzy tingly times the fuzzy tingles. That's just for late-night drives in the van. Remember when we did this should we do this or do you have something that interests you over there? I can't read any of it. I'm glad that we gave it to you Kevin congratulate when great what are you talking about? No, I can't I can't it just just turns out he never learned to read. Yeah, I don't know there's a bunch of times of squiggles and things circles that aren't finished that continue to another Circle that's not finished in the other direction. Looks like a snake just making up these questions as he goes along. Is that a blank piece of paper? Yeah. Sorry. I'm just a big fan. He's been bottling up all these questions for years and years. He's my shot. Oh, well, I got one from online. I can read we also collect these on the website and Deer Hunter.com. Oh, you got to print them out so that it's do you need a magnifying glass? Yeah. I want to just say that our manager. Wait Tony sounds like you should there's something low something ominous biggest my something from beneath. Oh, is that what it is the brown? No, baby. These are printed it to point font. So and I'm 60 years old. So it's going to be tight. This is from Jason Bizzle boy Jason busily eruption 1020. Has anyone should read his email. Yeah. Yeah, don't do that. Yeah. So it says what's your idea of a perfect Deer Hunter tour. He correctly said a perfect the deer hunter tour with thank you. Thank you. Who are you touring with? What are you playing? What are you using to? Around and is there anything prohibitively difficult / expensive that you'd want to do for an Ideal tool? So this is just like wine questions. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. It is a lot of questions really a big a lot of Clauses. Yeah. So the question is basically just what would a perfect Deer Hunter to her be if there was no concern over you're looking at it reality. Yeah. Yeah actually got is the kind. I think what you mean what you mean by that is like our idea of a Perfect or on our end not that it's gonna be perfect for everyone. No, they will not like they're witnessing the perfect tool. No no, no. No, I think it would be like this. We have a great crew of people together there. Yeah playing hits he's we're very comfortable in the bus, which is strange. Yeah, very strange. Yeah. This is a doped or that's it. I'm just going to read one because the other one is looks like all consonants. All what consonants no vowels this is going to be hard one. I'll work on in between the next month. But what's this what you get you put on the internet? Okay, is that will get more will get more some people folded them. Oh, are you tired of eating your own poop? And then Deer Hunter with an exclamation point I don't know how many people I don't know how many people understand that reference out there. But when I was a younger man with more free time, I would do really stupid videos. I don't remember why I thought that would be a good promotional tool for this band or I can't possibly transport myself to the headspace. That was like no you're going to stay up. You're going to stay up until 2:00 a.m. And you're going to make this video because it matters and you're going to put in all these Little jokes that don't actually have anything funny about them. And then the band will succeed. So are you tired of it? That was a question. I asked the ether it wasn't being asked of me. I asked it knowing that anyone who had ever done. It must have been tired of it doesn't let's do a couple more at the desk. Okay. Well do them at the desk all out a guest. I'm going to the desk. I'm going to let me play thank you for being our beta test. This because hey everyone. Do you plan to make another concept album series after the ACT? Yes, yes. We're yes. Yes, I just want to answer that as yes for now. What is your biggest challenge making unique music in an industry? That is constantly demanding. What is popular? I don't think it's really a challenge to make unique music. I think it's a little bit harder to make music. That's like pop that's just gonna hit and make everyone millions of dollars like making unique music just means that your yourself through and through when you're doing the thing that you're doing and And it just naturally embodies you and I think that everybody is unique. So as long as you just are honestly yourself. It's a unique thing that you're doing. It's only at the point that you're trying to take too much else into account about what exactly the outcome of what you do is going to be or what effect it will have and you kind of just have to stop caring about that and you know, we've been tremendously lucky that for a group of people who isn't actively care about the way they'll be perceived to have such incredibly supportive and loving people come to our shows and listen to our music and provide us with the opportunity to do what we want. And I think if we I think you'd be able to see right through any time we would Try to do something like a pop record. That was just for the sake of being popular. I think you would all hate it. I think you would all really hate that you're changed. Like when you were young. Did you feel like pop music was dumped simple and easy in the pumpkin? No. My favorite record was Ace of Base when I was a kid and then it became then it was an Ace of Base. It was the Ace of Base record and you know the one and then after that it was Boys to Men and then it's like I loved 50s pop music. I still like pop music it just I don't naturally. What by the time I'm at the second verse I'm usually board with the song. So it's like something needs to change and in such a way as like, it doesn't follow that get to the chorus by 30 kind of mentality, but I still like pop music. Okay. This is that's why we can only place a small small places with massive ceilings. This is awesome for all of us. What's the like to live deliciously? It does it does who out there knows what this is from. What's that like to live deliciously? Oh man. Okay fine. Um, it's from the which the movie The Witch and spoiler alert. A goat says those words and because of that we all have a tattoo of a goat on us that matches because we choose to live deliciously there. It is Niche. Yes, show it off. Okay. Okay, that's good. I'm gonna schedule just okay one more. This is a long one dearest Casey and friends. I just want to say I'm happy to see you guys and after not seeing you for so long. Why can't read that word this tater. I can't wait for the contest. No, it's a huge blessing. Thank you. This is just somebody being very kind to us. And I just can't we the one word I'm gonna go with tater this potato that you have gifted me a bunch of these. Okay. Today, we're going to introduce somebody from our Entourage. Yes. Can I sure play it? Oh my God, it's 80. It's faded. Where is he? Yeah, he's not gonna he's not coming ladies and gentlemen Aiden early. He plays what he's going to be playing with us tomorrow night, and I don't know. This is awesome. This is awesome. I love you. Very good to see you. There was a show where I was my amp stopped working and we found out that the problem was that the fuse holder in the back of my aunt fell out because the teeth metal teeth that hold it came off and we must have only been like 20% into our show or something like that and Aiden ran out from behind because he was he was our stage manager only at the time and for the rest of the show. Just held the fuse against the amp no earplugs and I keep my amp very loud with a smile on your face the whole time just like now 45 minutes Aiden's from Portland, Maine. Yeah, originally correct from Vermont originally, but yeah, I live near Portland. What was your first instrument the drums? Actually I started with the drums. Yeah when I was like seven or eight nice. Yeah, I did not I did not know that it makes sense why you're so good at them. Ah, thank you. Yes, it's going to be a positive night. Yes, I like. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is what I'll say you guys if you've seen us before you've heard and there's no like I'm not ashamed of this but we've played with tracks. We were not able to bring a full Orchestra on stage all the time. And then this is the first time I think everywhere in large part. Thanks to you Aidan you beautiful man. It's just like you have like 20 things you're doing at once and you look so calm about it all and I'm freaking out of a just remembering a chord but it's like the first time in a long time that it's felt like we don't need that shit behind us. We don't need it. We don't need a whole Orchestra. We just have Aiden and Brian and Dave who you guys can't see right now because they are in the bus. Days, we've put them within Luggage in the trailer. Thank you Aidan, please describe. What a whale is a whale is hold on? What what a whale is quotations? For some reason we refer to hard to find or uniquely delicious beers as well. That would be like a Coors Banquet like like like the opposite of a Coors Banquet. Yeah, not a Rolling Rock something that's like Delicious and not in that Eli tour Natty Ice or any of those. No, no. No, like that's like a diet Natty Ice. Like yeah. Now we all refer to them as whales we drink whales together on the bus, but what is the last what is the last whale you can remember best? Whale was that what you were going to ask? You're helping me out? I don't I can't believe it's been a while since we have had any any whales on the road if you can't Remember just admit it just admit it or make it up and I don't know we drank a bunch of Trillium beer from Massachusetts Last Story, which is good. We don't we drank a bunch of good beer in North Carolina, which is not a kind of beer. It was just a place where we were drinking good beer. And yeah, we have we have we use an untapped account which is when you can Rate beer on on and I feel like we're talking a lot about beer at this point this this you're gonna like who's your favorite member of the dear? Sauce sauce. Yeah, definitely. I'm kind of Blown Away how honest and quick you were with that answer. Yeah, that's brutal. Oh you do yoga, right. Yeah, I do. Yeah, you do yoga. Yeah thoroughly sometimes so you can do handstands. Yeah not yeah not very well. How do you feel about doing the handstand down those stairs so bad. Oh, that's a terrible. Why did you wait blindfolded? No, he's not gonna do it three and I don't know the last thing you want to see is somebody bleeding from their head at the base of those days. No, no. No. Yeah do it downstairs. I can do it right there. Yeah God, are you at all nervous for tomorrow? Are you purely excited and I'm perfectly nervous. Yeah. I'm super excited. I'm really both at all times. Yeah. I only gave you the option of one or the other if you could only Nervous or excited now. I'm excited. Are you sure? Yeah, I'll go with excited good Mo fun. You'll go with nervous just purely nervous. Yeah, how about right now? No. No, I'm good. I'm good. I feel fine. I'm good. Um, we've got we've got something very special for you guys. We're gonna host a little deer hunter trivia. This is for the true deep Cuts fan and and if you win we would love for you to Come and grab special voucher gift certificate thing and go over to the merch table and you will get something special. Yeah. It's a golden ticket we go. Yes, Nick. Yes, he's coming out. Nick give him some music quickly play the fight riff Okay name three songwriters that have appeared on the deer hunter albums. It has to be three who you think. Yeah, I mean that was for that's it. He won that happened so fast. This one. I think I would accept a couple different answers for just because it's a very fluid factoid where and or when was the band established true? I want you to try a little harder. No, I don't mean more specific within a place. I feel like I think I have to accept what yeah, no. That's I mean that's wrong. That's just wrong. That's just dead wrong. He was happy he was half right and now everyone knows what half he was right about. No, he was so close. He was so close. Boston yes. This is fun. Yeah, the third color spectrum. The third one is a one of my copies of the color spectrum that you can or if you'd like to have sent signed by the whole band. How many official Studio tracks has the band released within within a count of 10 within 10? Would you have gotten this right? Just know when Max Max told me and I was like that's impossible and then nope. Nope. He said 98. That is that is within that is within a hundred and thirty-four. A hundred and thirty four. So now you can see how it's fucking impossible to write a set list and everybody likes something different. Okay. What did you just say to me? No, what was that? What did you say play them all if we if we played all of the songs that are under a hundred records. It would be the last show I ever played in my life because I would absolutely die my voice. My throat would be inside out it would be something love crafty and that had happened for sure. What time is it? No my coming back out to play. Some songs are what are we doing? Now? What are we doing right now. Now we take a brief intermission. Are we in six just a little break a 15-minute break 15 minute and one reappeared rings. I want to come back out and play some more music and do some more things. Yes. Who I like I like this one. How do you tackle / manage huge projects? Like the color spectrum where the X Series? I think that requires a little more detail of a question, but generally with like serious anxiety and sleep loss. But the way that I seem to function as like all steps at all times and instead of just getting one like procedurally through any problem. It's like trying to attack it in 360 degrees without any real internal Ammunition To Go in any direction. So let's see should I do one more? Should we want to I got one or two? Yeah do it. Okay. All right this comes from 0:18 be at OPP blank blank bike and when concert in Europe. And when yeah, so they this year we're going over there. Yeah or not this year next year. This year is almost over. Yeah time right. Can I do a follow-up? Yeah hit it my wife and I are expecting our first child a girl in February and I was wondering if there was any advice you could give me as a relatively new dad yourself. Is there anything you wish someone had told you? Any invaluable nuggets of wisdom and I am as I embark down the road marked dad, right? I think Nick should answer this to as the dead. I'd say that my Perspective on that and I idolized both of my parents, but the thing that I learned as soon as I became a dad was how fucking little every single parent knows about everything about being a parent and then thinking about like my parents had no idea what the hell they were doing. They were younger than I am when they had kids. So I think it's kind of like obviously there is knowledge out there about all of that, but just I had this I don't know fundamental belief that like, oh when you're to be a parent and by being a parent you were sort of different than than anyone else or you had more knowledge or more wisdom. And I spend most of my days just being terrified that I'm going to do the wrong thing. So I don't really have any suggestions other than as long as your intentions are just to raise them to be the most like empathetic and kind. compassionate person You just as if that's your goal, you just listen to your own Instinct for that. I think that's that's what I would say. What do you think? Yes, take a knee. well I would say some things that come to mind for me our model good behavior teach them to be open-minded and non-judgmental which is hard for me because I got picked on a lot as a kid. And so I kind of like learned how to turn that around and judge other people faster than they judge me to find every fault that I could as a defense mechanism. But yeah teach them to be open-minded to everybody and to love everyone and Them good food, let them be kids and you know, don't try to make a five-year-old act like a 15 year old or sit in one place for too long. That's not going to happen. And yeah, love them for who they are and encourage them to follow their dreams. Yeah. beautiful So I really really really hope that you guys have enjoyed this experiment that we're trying to do. It's awesome for us just to be able to talk to you. I don't know if you've ever been to a deer hunter show to see how long when did I can get but this is a very nice setting to be able to just talk to you guys and to have this kind of interaction. So we're really grateful that you took the gamble of coming to a show that had podcast taping on it as a title from us. so yeah, just thank you and