From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it. The building was called Biosphere 2 and the idea was that it was kind of like a miniature version of planet Earth. Imagine a big glass house the size of a shopping mall and it's filled with trees and farm animals and it's got an ocean with an actual coral reef and scientists. Wanted to know if ecosystems like this would continue to function if there were scaled right down and sealed in inside a building and so they built Biosphere 2 to try to find out the idea was that biosphere one was planet Earth and this miniature version this greenhouse thing. This was Biosphere 2. It was finished in 1991 in the middle of the Arizona desert with eight people locked inside for two years scientists. Wanted to know what these people become part of the self-sustaining biome or what everyone just go a bit insane and run out of oxygen. Well, it turned out that both possibilities were proven, correct and we're going to hear what Was like Jane Poynter was one of the eight people locked inside Biosphere 2. She's going to tell us about how the group ran dangerously low on oxygen and how they descended into infighting and then at the end and this is my favorite bit. We're going to hear from the guy she married who was also inside Biosphere 2 and we'll get to him at the end of the show. So I grew up on the art of weight in Southern England. I was lucky enough to meet a lot of people including women who were doing things like sailing around the world because the olive wider sailing country and so I was exposed to people really doing extraordinary things from a very early age. I did want one point to become an astronaut and I had no idea what that meant, you know growing up in England as well. So then I kind of forgot about it and you know went off to boarding school and you know, did my whole studies and all of that? I was at a conference in 1982 in southern France where we were talking about the amazing Notions of the Gerard O'Neill space castles which are these Amazing Ideas of space stations with whole habitations inside and Gardens and farms and whatnot inside you had spacecraft. The conversation turned pretty quickly, too. Why aren't we building a biosphere here on planet Earth so that we really understand not just about planet Earth, but then how to create biospheres elsewhere is this even possible? I was in the you know, not in all the behind-the-scenes conversations how it went from that to actually being in Arizona, but that was really the Genesis. Jane is one of those High Achievers who never went to University instead. She'd managed a bunch of agricultural projects through her 20s, which meant that she was unusually qualified to help design the ecosystems inside Biosphere 2 a job, which was pretty hard because no one had ever tried to do something like that. We had to define a biosphere for ourselves. At the time it was a very loose definition when we were doing this in the 80s and the definition was the sphere of life around the earth. Well, that's not terribly helpful. If you're trying him actually build one. The only thing we could do when trying to figure out how to build Biosphere 2 was model it on biosphere 1 planet Earth And so when you look at plan it us you can think of it as a materially and closed system. In other words. Nothing is going in or out what we've got on the planet is what we've got on the planet when you look at Biosphere 2, that's exactly what it is. We had the energy plant on the outside. We had the sun then we have a completely maturely enclosed environment, which was the structure that it was built within the glass and steel structure above and a steel pan underneath. So it was entirely hermetically sealed sealed tighter than the National Space Station and then it was a complex living system. You had a rainforest an ocean and a beach Mangrove area. We had a desert. And then our farm and habitation. That was really how it came together biosphere to cost around 250 million u.s. Dollars to build and it was bankrolled by this Texan oil millionaire named ed bass and I really can't overstate the size of this thing. It had an interior floor space of about three acres and if you Google some photos you're going to see it's like this huge futuristic city comprised of all these big archers and towers and had this this big pyramid and it's all built out of glass and concrete and steel and it's rendered in high Optic White It's all very deeply 90s, but it's also quite Strangely Beautiful. We went into the biosphere at eight o'clock in the morning September the 26 1991. That day was going to be the start of a two-year experiment where eight of us were going to live inside for men and for women without leaving the entire time when we closed the doors behind ourselves to start the two-year Mission. It was eerie. It was completely silent for the very first time when we were all alone starting the experiment. It was at one time unbelievably intimidating an incredibly exciting our day-to-day inside Biosphere 2 was fairly similar routine every day. The morning was really taken up with the routine of maintaining our world. And then the afternoon was more taken up with science. If we had time we had full nutrition from the food that we grew inside Biosphere 2, so we had obviously a lot of grains we grew rice wheat sorghum starches like sweet potatoes a lot of sweet potatoes. So many sweet potatoes. We turned orange. We were calorie restricted. Full nutrition just not quite enough calories. So we were hungry and then on top of that we also very low fat. So typically fat is what in your diet helps make you feel full it helps you feel satiated. So the combination of the two meant that we were feeling hungry all the time. We did a lot of things like food fantasies. We'd sit around after dinner and imagine in excruciating detail what we could have been eating like chocolate mousse, and we would talk about the chocolate mousse in such detail. It was like you had eaten it. And then I remember one time and their Infinite Wisdom the management folks on the outside because we were having so many visitors come and see what was going on a bias for to decided. They were going to put a hot dog stand outside for the people coming to visit the biosphere. That was just Madness. We stood upstairs with binoculars watching people eat hot dogs and watching them put tomato. They're reaching for the tomato ketchup. They're putting them. Stood on their hot dog. It was crazy. It was total food voyeurism. There wasn't a whole lot for people to hoard inside base V2, but you know people would find a way the only room in the biosphere that was locked was the room that we called the banana room and one of the fruits that we had an enormous amount of was bananas and it was also really our only source of sugar sweetness on a regular basis. And so these beautiful Bunches of bananas would be hanging in this room. It was incredibly tempting to for people to just you know, go in there is like putting your hand in the cookie jar. How could you stop yourself? And so we ended up locking that room because people get stealing all the bananas things started to get a bit uncomfortable really about the forty six month mark. That's actually pretty typical for isolated confined to environments. One of the things that happens in isolating and find environments is that teams tend to break into factions and it turns out that 8 is one of the worst numbers you can choose reason is because it breaks into two factions of four and four at least that's what it tends to do, which is exactly what we did and then when you get 4 + 4 that's incredibly stable, so we had very stable and trenched factions inside. Sighs you're in that started around the six months point one group of people saying look, we've been making the statement that nothing is going to go in or out of the biosphere the two years and we're going to stick by that even if it means we lay on the ground and sleep for half the day because we're so tired. There's about sort of science versus versus management. I was walking up the stairs as we were having this, you know, huge debate about whether we should or shouldn't bring in food. And of course I was on the side of a while. Yes. I think we should bring in a measured amount of food so we can actually function properly in here. I'm walking up for this flight of stairs and to by syrians are walking down and they literally and deliberately spit peanut in my face. I think I was so shocked. I just dug there. What just happened you could cut the atmosphere in there with a knife. It was so thick and so tense everybody just really kept it bottled up. I mean seriously bottled up like I could sometimes tell without even turning around when to to particular people were coming into the room. But partway through the biosphere we remember very well Tabor coming in and telling me before he told anyone else, you know, I think I've just discovered losing oxygen on it. What do you mean? He says well the oxygen level is way down and it's way down in a way that I can't explain and he'd lost seven tons of oxygen at that point which is an enormous amount of oxygen. However, we were an enclosed environment. And so if you're an enclosed environment, it has to be in there somewhere. So then there was a whole Sherlock Holmes thing going On for months and months and months and months and months trying to figure out where enough is all these oxygen gone. It went from ambient of 21 percent down to your little over 14 percent which is about like being in in the high Himalayas. So we were had sort of constant altitude sickness and it was just gas Lee. You can't sleep you get sleep. Apnea. Everything is slow you like feel like you're walking around with you know, these giant weights on your body. There was a moment where I was standing in the farm, he was very strange. This is this was the moment where I thought wow. I have really gone mad. I was harvesting sweet potatoes. And all of a sudden it was like a portal opened up. I walked through into my childhood when I was very young and there was this entire scene going on with my older brother where I was having this huge fight with him and I don't even know if this event ever happened in my life ever. May never have happened. So I can't even tell if it was a memory or if it was just something that my poor overtaxed brain just made up on the spot. This time portal closes up and there I am back in the in the sweet potato field. I'd literally thought okay. That's it. I'm going mad. What was happening was we had too much carbon in the soil. Literally. That's all we have done. We had put too much compost in the soil and as the compost Berg down it took the oxygen out of the atmosphere and put CO2 into the atmosphere. And then the CO2 was subsequently getting soaked up by the Great, so we had this giant CO2 scrubber all over the biosphere because I was concrete everywhere that we hadn't realized and that's where our oxygen was going. That's when Tabor and I said, okay. We need to get some we need to get some professional help here. We started having very serious debates about whether we should have shouldn't bring oxygen in. I remember very well the day when Roy Walford are doctor Insight responsible for making sure that the management was making responsible medical decisions. Suddenly one day was so compromised. He couldn't add up a line of figures and we're like, okay this is this is this is enough. This is this has got to be dangerous at this point. Eventually, we did pump oxygen into the biosphere and I remember that day incredibly clearly. We all went into one of the lungs the variable volume Chambers. We will all walk into the lung we close the door oxygen starts being poured into the lung. And all of a sudden we're running and jumping and running around the lungs. It was completely extraordinary to understand. Oh my gosh oxygen have such gratitude for the oxygen in our atmosphere. It was amazing. One of the experiments main objectives was to replicate the kind of buildings. We might one day want to put on the moon or maybe on mars or something like that because the thing is that Humanity has these dreams of colonizing other planets and we'll need to know what happens when you close people and Farms into sealed up environment and even though everyone got low on oxygen and they all hated each other these findings will help us avoid these kind of problems in the future. And in this sense Biosphere 2 was really just about seeing what happens. And that made it a success even if being inside the thing was pretty uncomfortable. It's a really interesting thing that happens in prisons, which is no matter how long somebody has been in prison. They could have been in there an entire life sentence. They could have been in there for three years those last few months of being locked up. Cause so much tension, that's when most breakout attempt to occur. And so for us those last few months of being inside Biosphere 2 was fairly excruciating and you could have asked any one of us how much longer we had until the end of the two years and we could probably have told you down to the second how long we had until we were out. I will say that the last couple of months before we came out. I was very careful because not that I thought that anybody would intentionally try to hurt me. I never thought for an instant that anybody would intentionally try to hurt me but there was so much upset and hurt and the anger in the biosphere before we came out. I mean everybody was feeling it that I certainly when I walked underneath the space framework. Somebody else was working. I was very careful in case somebody accidentally drop something on me. The very last day was September 26 1993 and we were to exit by score to at 8 o'clock in the morning. We're all standing there in our bias-variance suits. I had trimmed everybody's hair the day before we all had our little make-up on we're all ready to go and then we stood there and we waited. And we waited and I love to blame it on poor Jane Goodall who's my you know, one of my great Idols she was giving that the keynote speech to us coming out and she was quite rightly talking about how we really shouldn't be keeping chimpanzees and other monkeys in cages in Laboratories, and we're like, but Jane where the monkeys in the cage right here, let us out. So anyway, the point was that her talk went on a little longer than it should have. So we were in Basra to for two years and 20 minutes because Jane Goodall's talk went on too long eventually big Fanfare and the doors are open and we walk out and it was quite surreal because the air outside by sverre to felt insipid him side by side for two. It's like reading. With so many different fragrances and humidity and then you walk out into the Desert Air and for the first time in two years there were no bars over our heads we could see the sky without bars in the way. Of course. I had been waiting to see my friends my family for weeks and weeks and weeks and so I run over and I hug them and I real back because they all stank of hair spray and perfume and underarm deodorant and soap. Up and then I could smell the car fumes. You know, I knows his hadn't smelled any of these chemicals in two years this chemical soup, the we all inhabit out here that evening. We had we had a party at our house. It was so fantastic to see all these people after so long and to all wee hours in the morning and then we all go to bed and the next morning I get up and there is a giant pile of garbage from this party and for two years. We hadn't had any garbage. So it was this fascinating reintroduction and this in completely different way of inhabiting our biosphere than we had been used to for two years. Two years two whole Years of Living basically on their own private planet now Jane, I'm curious tell me when you came out. What was the thing that surprised you the most everything that we did for the first time after being in biosphere chill for about the first six months was so exciting and so wonderful and so precious, you know, eating a pizza even jump nail was exciting the first once or twice you know going into a grocery store was astounding was astounding I'm sort of both ends of the spectrum, you know on the one end, I would go and stand in front of these rows of bottles of tomato ketchup and think about what is a taken me to make just a small amount of tomato sauce and yet there were bottles and bottles of many different brands of tomato ketchup and then I'd walk over and see all these pastries and I literally feel like throwing myself into the Pastries and just rolling around in it. It was just like this crazy experience of this amazing abundance and food from all around the world had come to this store just for me to go by and eat just that the abundance was extraordinary, but then I would stand in front of the same ketchup bottle and I'd start looking at the ingredients are going. I wonder where this was grown. You know, I had known where all my food had come from and there are piles of ingredients that I don't even know what they are doesn't even sound like Food, so it was this really dichotomous experience. Okay. Now this is a part of the story here that we haven't really talked about but I find it interesting and that's the fact that you went into Biosphere 2 with your boyfriend Tabor and you guys lived in this real pressure cooker over situation, you know, there's lots of fighting and you're just in this confined environment all the time and yet it seemed like it didn't affect your relationship. And in fact when you came out you got married, we actually don't remember us having fights in the by A sphere did we ever have a fight advisor? I don't think we've ever had a fight in a biosphere. We don't have many fights at all. Okay. So we've got Jane's husband Tabor McKellen in the studio. He was also in the biosphere for two years. Maybe Tabor just start by just start by introducing yourself. My name is Tabor McCallum, and I was responsible for all of the chemistry of the biosphere making sure the water is safe to drink in the air is safe to breathe and understanding how the various sort of biochemical. Cycles were functioning in the biosphere when you guys went in everyone all the other crew members. They knew that you guys were a couple until we clear while everyone knew we were a couple it was very very clear that every crew member is being selected as an individual. We never got the impression that because we were a couple helped or hurt us in our chances to be on the crew. So in that regard, it wasn't a factor that was never brought up. Okay, so unusual question, but I want to know before you guys went in with your friends like Hey, you know you probably going to end up in a we had Scientology. So the friends didn't say that kind of thing that that was the media almost invariably the early media questions interviews was start off with so floor men for women. Do here's what's going to happen. I mean our friends, you know were rational. Well, I don't know. I think it's rational to us that question. I mean two years is a long time for men for women in the prime of life. I thought that I assumed it be lots of Pitter pattering down the hallways at night. There was probably a night where we've all got, you know for us reasonably crazy in one of these entrance of equipment came a large green bottle that was marked preservative. Well, it turns out that that was alcohol ethyl alcohol. So we had a big party with ethyl alcohol and that was That was a fact if that actually brought us all together. We danced like crazy on top of tables and just generally had a wild party. It was not an orgy. I don't think that was in the cards, but for us it was a wild party and then the alcohol was gone. And then we went back to hating each other. How would you say that being in the biosphere together affected your relationship? Certainly. I think the relationship deepened because we were you helping Each other through a rather difficult set of circumstances the something called isolation confined environment psychology. And so what happens to people who are in these kinds of environments where it's sort of a monastic experience and one example is I had this incredible urge to contact the high school sweetheart that you know, it's sophomore as we broke up in some find a way or something and you know, I just like couldn't get her out of my mind it was Drive me crazy. So finally I find this person and color up in this like hi. I'm in the biosphere. I'm just just calling to say and you know, James is doing similar kinds of things. And so the relationship certainly help to have somebody you could talk with in confidence about how you're feeling it was going on and you know that well if I'm not the only one I can be that crazy. Did you ever tell Jane about this? Oh, yeah. No, we were we were very open with each other. But what was going on and we were doing Yeah, because I have the same exact that were there were I think three or four bias-variance you had this same exact experience. I had you know sort of the first love of my life. I suddenly had to call and this poor guy in France who is now married with Children gets this call from this mad crazed woman in the biosphere and he's like, oh Jamie, it's you and I make yes, it's me. It was really strange these poor people had to put up with us calling. Right. What was so what was happening here? Why do you think you guys were both making these phone calls to ex Flames? Well, I think what happens is that in essence all the other pressures of the situation and so the routine sort of monastic experience. It brings up sort of open issues in your psychology is little bits of psychological baggage that you find yourself wanting to just take care of you guys got married a few months off to getting out. I want to know did the proposal happen inside the biosphere know what I felt was that our relationship has really blossomed during wartime because it did that sometimes feel like quite difficult circumstances inside the biosphere and leading up to it. And so I'm like, okay we better see if our relationship actually lasts in peacetime. So it was so funny when giving a talk and we were introduced as a married couple and we sort of had to correct them and on the way back we're driving back and we're Pastor break Masters just as we passed the Brake Masters. Jane says we should get married. That was how I proposed. So you will know that before you will never forgive me for proposing to you outside the break Masters. Will you end up sorry? Okay. All right. Another thing I want to know have you guys seen biodome with Pauly Shore? I've got Jen and I were invited to the premiere. They had a lot of to us. We're in. Inside joke, so we just left our heads off. We were practically rolling in the aisles think it was the funniest thing but we were the only ones in the audience laughing. And so the the Associated Press review the highest a comes out and says, you know all these things about the movie in this is those poor biosphere Ian's Jane Poynter and Tabor McCallum. They must have been oxygen deprived. They laughed through the whole movie. Okay, right, right. So we're going to wrap this up in a moment. But before we go to a bar I want to know What do you think you've learned from this experience? I think it's the power of perseverance, you know Biosphere 2 took years to build and used to run people say you'll never work. You're crazy. You have to manage your psychology for the Long Haul and understanding the power of perseverance was probably one of the big lessons that came out of it for Me by his friends whose objective was to determine whether or not it was possible to build an artificial biosphere. Can we take these living systems that evolve on a planetary scale squeeze them into a little teeny Any volume with you know the ratios of air volume to biomass and the like all skewed and will it still work and if it doesn't work, then there's a lot of things you do with biosphere as you can study. If a logical systems, you can use them as the basis of space bases, you know all life that we know is in the context of a biosphere is and so actually it was very successful in that was a positive determination. Nothing that we have found in the data from Biosphere 2 shows that it's not possible to build it out of racial bias research in that regard is tremendously successful chain. What about you? What what do you think you took away from this experience? You know, I think one of the things that I really took from it was the importance of setting up our work lives and our home lives are to be truly lovable, right that's truly important and potentially world-changing, you know, right and what about emotional learnings? I guess in particular. I'm I'm curious. You took away from from that experience where you are fighting with all the people in the biosphere who were maybe previously your friends. What did you learn from that it's so important for us to take each other for who we are we struggled so badly in the biosphere because we all had ideas about what we thought each other should be, you know, I went into the biosphere assuming something about everybody else in the biosphere assuming something about myself and those people were not who I thought they were I Ali struggled to accept them for who they are. I really struggled and I don't think I ever did and that's not helpful guys. Thank you so much for coming on the show Jane Tiba. It's been fascinating and it's been an absolute pleasure. Alright, well, thank you. This has been fun. Take care. Thanks for listening. If you've got a story that you think would make a good episode of extremes. Please hit me up. I'm at Morgan's Julian on Twitter or at Julian Morgan's on Instagram. And for more episodes of extremes. You can listen to them all for free exclusively on Spotify next week. We're looking at the sinking of a cruise liner. This was the MS Estonia that in 1994 capsized during a storm and drowned some 850 people will hear from two people who made it off and we'll explore the psychology of survival. This episode of extremes was hosted by me Julian Morgan's it was just buy a new house bolt edited by Jamie Snyder and Dom jukka and Mastered by Jeff O'Connor. Our post production manager is Greg Cooper and our executive producer is just Langley Kate Osborne is the global director of audio advice and any other vials is vices Global senior producer of audio and a big thanks to our intern re homes who helped us out with the research.