Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year. This is a pack a day podcast. Welcome into the Wednesday edition of the packet a podcast. I'm steeper hatch joined Always by Sarah Kelleher and justi. Evilly what's going on kids. It's offseason. It's really really off season. We got we got nothing man. I'm I love you guys for listening in and downloading this podcast because it's a stretch right now. We are we are in full-on offseason mode and trying to figure out what to talk about. But thank you. You for always because we've got Twitter fans at sent in a lot of questions. So I know I just rambled on for about 17 minutes what's going on with you? Hey, nothing same way like up until like an hour ago. I was like, oh, what are we gonna talk? We got nothing to talk about So, yeah. Thank God for them people sending in the questions. Seriously. There was we had kind of gone back and forth about a few things. We could talk about and everything. We were just hitting a dead end. So, thank you guys, seriously. Thank you. For sending the question. I was weird. You guys didn't want to talk about Packers uniforms or anything to be clear. We gave you the opportunity get we gave you out you like this could be your week Steve. We just will not be on that's good. But I feel like now you're ready like so the next time the opportunity comes up. You're not gonna let it slide it only comes once in a lifetime as I do you need to do a little bit more research in order to get ready for that. But I am actually I'm I'm excited, but I'm also very very worried because it came out that the Packers are going New alternate jerseys this year and I'm very very convinced that they're going to screw it up again. Go back to Acme Packers Fan. Give me give me that sweet sweet nectar Packers gear man. They've done that one. They like gotta read the loving read the last one like no, I want something new. I want something exciting. Give me a little bit of something. Oh, hey, we're not doing this now. Hey, Steve do this due to a questions. That's not even what it would have been a whatever whatever fine. Let's move on. Let's move on because Dusty is such a jackass and can't have this conversation. We do have a little bit of NFL news. I want to talk about there was a trade that will be completed on the first day of the new NFL season. The Jaguars have traded quarterback AJ buye to the Broncos for a 20/20 fourth-round draft pick appears that it's the pick that the Broncos got for Emmanuel Sanders. So flipping Emmanuel Sanders for a JV we two years of HIV which I mean, he's got a he's got a pretty high. Tap it which is interesting. I think I saw something where the Broncos actually as long as they keep one of their safeties or franchise tag him. They will be spending 50 million dollars on their secondary. So he's gone. Yeah. Yeah, John Elway is all in on the no-fly zone in the secondary for the Broncos. They don't have a quarterback. But you know, well, you're building it around right? They've got lock lock showed up but decently well last year so you don't load up a butterfly you can all right. We'll see ya I guess I mean that is the way to do it like you load your defense up when he got that rookie contract for a quarterback. So I guess that does make sense the still Flacco is Flacco still under contract. I do not believe so, okay. I think they were able to dump him. Okay, if I'm because I saw something where somebody said that the Packers Science cycle for like three to four million dollars a year as a backup quarterback, Joe Flacco. Yes. Yes, Joe Flacco, not John Flacco, not John Fleck. I might not know might take John Flacco and probably would be smarter. But yeah, let's I think we're just going to jump right into the mailbag because we we put it out an hour before the we record the podcast and all of us were very very worried. But everybody on Twitter like delivered which was pretty outstanding. So we were not even going to be able to get through all of the questions, but we're just going to start off we're going to try to do is rapid-fire as humanly possible to get through everything. So first one. I'm from Tony FAA cat Tony underscore. Grohl own yeah, that's bad. That's right. Wow. There's an outstanding name. Good job. Tony. Good for you. Tony underscore. Brolo Anya. What is your favorite all-time play? That's not commonly shown on Packers highlight reels so dusty. We'll start with you. Yeah, I'm going to go back. I'm going back to 96. It's we're going to talk about this ahead of time. It's tough to think of a play that's not on highlight reels because in some of them is because I Some of them are on highlight reels but this is one. I've not seen very much of I bring it up as often as I can as 96 NFC Championship game against the Carolina Panthers. It was a Tyrone Williams diving backwards one-handed interception off of Kerry Collins to this day. One of the best interceptions I've ever seen it is I've got I'll retweet it. I guess into my feet here tonight. So if you want to look up my name after you listen this you can see it fairly easily just it's just an amazing. Pathetic feet Collins. I think it's like basically a curl route or something that Collins overthrows and Williams just makes an amazing recovery and just all laid out one hand interception beautiful beautiful place. That's that is I've got a handful like a throw out there, but that one that one deserves all the love. It can get I don't see a talk to a very much. So mine is from the divisional game in the 2014-2015 playoff and it is a Davante Adams highlight information. Those of you that are wondering yes, that is the same game. That does did not catch it. So a little before that happened Davante Adams. This was his rookie year and I believe it was his best game of his rookie season. He had seven catches 417 yards and a touchdown and he basically just leans in to the corner and just absolutely once he makes a catch and then they're kind of going back and forth and he just leans into him and just completely shoves him off with one hand and then continues to run and picks up about 10 to 15 more yards. And I think it's a super underrated Davante Adams moment because a lot of what he did in his rookie year. I feel like we kind of forget sometimes because now he's done all this amazing stuff and I just remember seeing that and then in that game there was the cob catch that sealed the deal later on the whole drama with Des. So I feel like that play gets kind of under shadowed when really it was a pretty cool moment. So that's what that one was for Ruth. Very cool. I love the what I've got a couple I always love watching Brett Favre's first completion that goes to himself after he batted balls. That one always makes me laugh and I was me to chuckle but again, that's always if you if you do a like a complete Brett Favre highlight reel normally, that's the first one that's shown up. So not quite there. The one I'm going to go with though is the Jeff Heath sack of Aaron Rodgers in the Cowboys game when two plays before he hits Jared Cook to set up Mason Crosby to go to the NFC Championship Game. We're out of nowhere. Rogers does not see heat coming and just annihilate him and everybody who is watching it goes. Oh, son of a bitch. He's going to Fumble. He's gonna fumble that's it game over and I don't to this day. I don't know how here in Rogers. Hold on to that ball. I don't know how he did it, but I could watch it over and over where he's got the ball in his hand. He gets smoked and somehow Still still stays with them. So it's a horrible play for the Packers, but it's still just an overall impressive play for Aaron Rodgers. So that one is one of my all-time favorites to watch. Next up we have Andy be who wants to know. What is your favorite Disney movie will start with a young and Sarah what you got? I mean Nemo that's my favorite. It always has been I also loved Finding Dory. That's not quite as good though. Yeah, it's just not the same. You know it I feel like that's any sequel though, but it was still a good sequel but I loved Finding Nemo growing up. I was always whenever I was a kid and even still now when people ask What my favorite animal was it was always something related to the ocean or water. So that movie was just ideal for me. And I know last week we talked about Blockbuster but growing up I had when I went to Blockbuster down the street from my house. I bought the Finding Nemo movie and they had the side with your allowance. Nailed it bro, squishy version that came with it of the I forget no. No, but the one that says like I'm going to eat that one. Oh sure and I had that for years and I'm pretty sure it's still in my room somewhere just sitting on the floor and my parallel. That's what would those a little octopus. That's what it was. Not to put you guys made me Eve. Yeah, so I came with the DVD when I got it and to this day when I go home, I still see it and it now it's like that one of the eyes has fallen off, but it was just such a big part of my childhood that I can so do you have to like whenever you watch the movie do you have to eat Goldfish crackers and have a juice box or You're not allowed to eat Goldfish crackers during that movie Steve. Yeah about fish dude. Oh, yeah. Okay. That's right. I don't know how this turn. I don't know how this turned on me, but it's a classic Disney movie. I wasn't outstanding Disney for sure Dusty what you got. I mean you guys you guys had a little issue with this. I had zero issue. It's there's one movie and there's one movie alone. It's Robin Hood Robin Hood is a made the music's incredible. Is it great? The characters are great. The dancing scenes are awesome. You know, maybe some of them are exactly like the Jungle Book but whatever man it's it's funny. It's got great music. It's got quotable moments. I've seen that movie more times than I can count. It's Robin Hood and I for me nothing else is particularly close to that. Okay, that's fair for me. I'm going to go with Monsters Inc. Just one of my all-time favorites. I always love you know. A little girl voice for with boo like the all the interactions whenever she says Mike Wazowski, like it always cracks me up every damn time or but you know for Disney who had a great plot like it was always a lot of fun. So I for me that was always my favorite one of my favorite Disney movies. I mean I can watch them all. I enjoyed Frozen Frozen to was me, you know, I haven't seen it. I need to see it. It had it like it's decent. But again, it's a sequel to the you know, most sequels for the most part. Most people's don't hang up to the hang on to the first one. So I would tell you it's good. It's not great. I actually had my second screening of that this weekend because it came out on Red Box. All right. Let's see another one from Andy be if you could live in another city. What city would it be and why Dusty start with you and I are a couple different ways with it. I love Be in Colorado this summer. I love Colorado that area out there. Just amazing, but I'm going to go we took a vacation X Cheryl. It turned out being our last big vacation pacification. My wife had a conference and I tagged along and just like walked around a drank the whole time before we had kids and it was Portland Maine Portland, Maine incredible City. I don't hear it talked about very much super walkable. Lots of breweries. There's also a the the international criminal Opto zoology museums up there. Let's run by Loren Coleman noted cryptozoologist. So there's a lot of really funny a Bigfoot things and the Fiji mermaid and a whole bunch of stuff there in a new space now that I've not visited yet, but just really really cool town. I probably won't go in the winter, but I don't know. I think I would love to live up there. It's right on the sea crab cakes crab cakes. As far as the eye could see. Okay, crab cakes and lobster rolls. There's just one stroke do Everywhere You Love a good load. It's so good. They had carts on the street selling lobster rolls or just the freshest things in the entire world. Yeah, I'm gonna go I'd go Portland Maine. I love that place. I would want to live in this is probably the only big city I would live in is DC. I love DC I've been multiple times my aunt used to be stationed over there. So when she was there, I would go quite often because the flights weren't super bad and I had a free place to stay and pretty much all of the museums and everything. There are a free but I love going there. It's just one of my favorite places to visit. I never get tired of it. Every time I go I find something else that I didn't know existed there. So yeah, if it wasn't super expensive and a big city that you know, I couldn't afford to live in I definitely would want to live there. I always which I'm sad I never did I wanted to do an internship for like just a temporary period of time like if that if I could have done it anywhere. I would have done it there. So I just really like that City. I'm kind of getting you a long Dusty's root of before I had children and I had a lot of fun in the world my wife and I both taught English over in South Korea and one of the best vacations I ever took was going to Malaysia and we went and stayed on a remote island that one of my friends recommended to me. And for the life of me. I cannot remember the name of it right now. It will all be able to figure out as soon as we finish recording so I'll be able to sweep that out but Honestly is one of my most favorite memories of all time of just we rented scooters. We drove around the island we swam under waterfalls. We had some of the most amazing food I've ever had in my life. It's Dirt Cheap. It was awesome. Like it was just so much fun. So I would love to go back there. I've always wanted to live on the water. So that's kind of something the wife and I are working on doing eventually so, you know if we could live in Malaysia that be cool. I don't know what the school systems like that kind of changes things now. Now but overall that would be one of my favorite places in the world to go back to so. Alright, let's move on. We've got one from SM ude. Is last year's free agent spending impacting. This year's rumors Sarah. Do you have any little takes on this one? Sure, I guess I don't know so much of this offseason talk and draft talk just people get so worked up about it and every year it happens people either like or hate the choices they make and then they move on and then if they didn't like the choice and it turns out to be bad then halfway through the season. They're tweeting at the at the Packers that they suck and that they made a bad decision. So I mean, yeah, I think they definitely has some sort of impact because that's just how we think and we function I don't really know. I don't think I could have a definite answer to that if I'm being honest like yes, it's a hundred percent affecting it. I think it just depends on the person and who you are but there's always going to be people that you know connect things that maybe aren't so connected and will always be we've talked about this before they just want to get it out there and I don't know I don't really have an opinion about this. I mean it is interesting because I mean you could say, you know, my initial thought is we get it like it has to just simply due to the money aspect of it. Right? I mean the the Packers don't have as much money is simply because they sign people last year and the nature of those contracts is they're starting to get a little more expensive now at the cap it's and all that but at the same time that's ever stopped anyone from speculating wildly about like yeah, but yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah, there's always that guy on Twitter that says they have some source that this is going to happen. Happen and then you find out that that never even was going to happen. So it's like we Blurred Lines. Well, there are still I mean there's and it's I don't remember too much of last offseason. That seems like a very long time ago, but you know, I'm still seeing a lot of Packers trading for obj and you know, obviously going after possibly going off to Hooper and you know who like all these other guys who they may sign and there may be connected to and if they drop this guy, maybe they do this like I feel like the rumors are still out there. It's probably just if you look at the money aspect of it, it's way less feasible now than it was. But I do think the rumors are still out there because you are still seeing just I've seen obj so many times. It's just it's insane. Like I saw it again today, which is it's it's I'm going to say it's not going to happen. It's just very far-fetched that's going to happen. And I mean they can make moves. I think I think there are still rumors. It's just they just shot down quicker because like well, they don't have money to do that. Yeah, I mean look we the Packers have a GM who's going to spend money when he has it and they do technically have money. But I mean like we talked about earlier those those dollars right now should be focused on Kenny Clarke. They should be focused on getting something back some of the you know, some of the other free agents that they have and yes, maybe they can maybe they can bring in one guy if you let Brian belaga walk if you can. Elaine Taylor and cut Jimmy Graham like then yeah some some things might be able to happen, but I feel like this is this like obviously it's draft season. It's free agency season and I feel like go to Koons has no problem with getting on the good side of agents and being like hey, why don't you float out the fact that this guy is your number one priority in free agency to drive up his price. I've got some free agents that I can swing your way that are going to be way lower on the totem pole. But if you do this for me, I'll do it. Like that's just kind of what it feels like to me of because it's already come out that the Packers number one priority is going to be Austin Hooper. Oh wait. No, it's gonna be Cory Littleton all we know it's going to be - Joe schobert and that's all within the last week that we've seen all these guys are the number one priority of the Green Bay Packers. So I have no issue with it. Like I feel like if gutti is using that opportunity to get in good with agents. That's a great thing. I feel that are going to bring in one big guy and that's about it and they'll bring in some little little, you know, some Tyler Ervin signings and stuff like that. But I think there's going to be if I'm guessing anything. I think there's going to be a middle linebacker site that's going to be my my prediction. So let's move on. We got one from five stack of And I love this guy already because he's talking about the linebacker. Would you be comfortable with our linebacker situation if we brought in Nick kwiatkowski and added a mid-round linebacker like Hakeem Davis Gaither either of you have opinions on this one because I know I'm normally the inside linebacker guy. That will beat the drum. But what do you thinking it's all money? I mean, it's what it was quick housekeeping cost. I have no idea what that going rate is I mean, Let's talk like Martinez annual salary drop roughly 5 million in the past week from what he's asking for. So I have no idea. What the going rate is. I like him. I think that's an upgrade at that position. So if that's a guy that can be had for you know, I don't know six to seven million a year and I guess a the number of seen online so far has been about 7 to 8. Okay. That's it. I think I think Blake Martinez is looking at like 10:00. Yeah, Corey little didn't you know, you're at 11:00 to 12:00. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, I think yeah Cookhouse key it like at seven to eight. I think it's fine. I'd feel wait. I mean better about it than I do now because we don't have an inside linebacker right now. So I would although I would feel better because there is someone in that role and then yeah, you get ya mid-round guy to kind of play alongside learn a little not playing every snap, you know, I'll be playing a lot of nickel. So yeah, I'm I'd be fine with that. Yeah, I don't have much else to comment on that besides what you already said Dusty. I think the main thing is again. It comes down to the money and what what's happening there? If if you know it is that seven or eight then? Yeah, I'm probably pretty comfortable with that. But you know anymore. I don't know if that's something I'm willing to dive into. We did get a question about bars and restaurants and Green Bay from a at Bri Whitney and as much as we would love to answer that question, none of us live in that area. If you've got questions about bars in Milwaukee, I can help you out or send. Oh, yeah. I don't know if I could actually help you out with that. No, she cannot Cheesecake Factory lovely lovely selection of they've got great tip. Here's I'll go to bat for All right, Whitney. I've known that guy for a while. I actually got to meet him when I was up for the divisional round game. So hey, what's up Brian? I'm glad you're cool. I don't I don't have any underrated places in green bag. Simply cuz I don't go there enough. I will say Sheboygan which is like an hour and a way. There's a hole in the wall sports bar called Champs that has amazing wings and cheese curds like every time we've been there two or three times and there's never anybody in there pretty pretty much like any regard, Wisconsin, but sure. Okay. Yeah, but no one's no one's. Are there I'd say they're better. We ate a lot of cheese crisps when we go up there. I'd say probably the bars Cheese Castle was my favorite. But this was a close second like we had a lot of currencies were better than the curls Kurds. They know what they're doing the Reuben at the Mars Cheese Castle. I'll have to do that next time. Yeah. Yep. All right. Let's go we got from DPI Sam's Club or Costco. I don't know Costco, I guess probably okay Sara Dee even chapter. Yeah, I don't really have a Costco near me. I have a Sam's Club that I used to go to with my parents when I lived at home. So I guess Sam's Club because I don't know much about I know a Costco is but I don't really have one near me. I'm gonna go with Sam's Club because that's where I have a free membership to for work. So it's way better than Costco because it's Reach however, the only thing I will tell you is I actually have heard the Costco. Boot like Costco Kirkland brand booze is actually pretty legit and is way cheaper than most of the name brand stuff. So if you do join if you are a member of Costco, and that's your kind of thing then make sure to check that out. We had another one from at oh geez Sactown Packers, but Chris wants to know why. Is nobody talking about how big of a need the cornerback position is if you really take a look at the group, it's not as good as it may appear on the surface where a giant year away injury away from being doomed on the outside Dusty Iranian comment. Yeah, I mean, so just to run it down real quick. It's the who we got right now. We'll look at both sides, which it's dry air and Kevin King and Kevin King, you know, uneven ish but turned in a pretty good year and he was healthy, but you can't Bank on that. Ron Williams who is a free agent and 38 39 chandan Sullivan who I liked but that's like one of the one of the backups there Josh Jackson who hasn't shown much and then you down to like could are Holman. So I mean, yeah, I mean they're they're down to any not wrong. No, I mean that even he said Jay your injury, they're legitimately like an injury and injury away including Kevin King who is injured a lot away from possibly looking at Ladarius. Enter again. I mean it's not not that isn't not at that level. It's not that dire. But I mean, yeah, I mean you look at kind of how they drafted they draft a lot of quarterbacks and you think your set and you never really set. So yeah, I mean, I like I like what we saw to Sullivan, but it's it is as well as things it's not an issue until it is and they are legitimately one injury away from from having issues there so I wouldn't be shocked to see them take a shot at a guy or two at the draft this year. Yeah. I mean, I think it's definitely We need I probably to answer his question. The reason that it isn't talked about, you know as much as just because it's not as obvious. I think like he said like we're an injury away at one point of being in trouble. Whereas some of the other like areas like inside linebacker and wide receiver. It's clear that they're already at that point that they already need those guys. So I think that's probably the reason why Why it isn't talked about as much but it's definitely a need as well. So that was a great question. I think yeah for sure. I think I mean if you've been watching any mock drafts, and I know Sarah and Dusty that is not what you guys do and I'm all but I do and every article I've read it like most of the ones that talk about like needs. It's got the Packers looking at a cornerback anywhere from the third to the fifth route. So not a top-of-the-line starter, but somebody they can bring in that can be a fourth fifth sixth guy right away and hopefully you hit on something. Like that's something that I think it may not be a pressing need like wide receiver or offensive line or linebacker. Like those are the talked about ones in this offseason, but he's like, he's absolutely right cornerback is Finally a position of Need for this team. It'll be interesting to see if they're going to try to bring term on back if they want to do that for another year kind of how that all goes around. But that kind of leads into another question we got from at Travis Mac 12, if you are the Packers GM, do you target one high price reagent or do you go for two or three cheaper options? I think probably one high price free agent instead of two or three smaller one. So I think that typically the way that booty is going to go now and that we've kind of seen and I think Steve you talked about before that there'd be some smaller signings later like Irving and other ones that we saw this year. I don't really see that changing. I think they're going to put their name in for a few different guys, but then they're going to find the one that they really want and go for him there. Yeah, I think it depends like it's tough. I mean we talked about the money a lot already so far this episode, but that definitely factors that I mean, it feels like they Splurge last year. They got the two big Edge rushers that threw down the money. I've always viewed free agency as you know, you're not, you know, I was looking for the big name guy me know what they did last year, you know, they paid big for a couple guys. They felt were on the cusp of breaking out and then those guys broke out but really what you're doing is you're trying to trying to plug those holes so that you're not drafting for absolute need in the draft. And so, you know, you look across you look across kind of whoo-hoo. The Packers are right now and they've got you know, I think we'll get the Aaron Jones here in a minute, but they've got two running backs who are added going into the last year of their deal. They've got you know, the wide receiver crew needs help. They've got the tight end group needs help though the oline my knee little depth inside linebacker. We're talking about cornerback. I mean, there's the line there's enough areas that can use some help that I feel like it's almost like I view it as like trading the farm for Like the number two pick overall when you've got a dozen areas, you need to fill that that is it's more about the impact of that one guy, right? So it's this one big-name guy that's going to cost you a lot of money. Does that help put you over the edge enough to not necessarily mask your deficiencies, but overcome those little bit more or do you feel a little better throwing a little bits of money in these other areas hoping for a lower guy to kind of either provide some help or just get incrementally better in those. Those areas by thought based on what they did last year in the money. They've got this year. I'm kind of leaning towards the two to three cheaper options. And if I'm the GM, I think that's what I would do at this point is you've got you've got these big name guys. You know, you got the Smith Brothers You've Got You know, obviously Aaron Rodgers you got Davante Adams like you've got these big names, you know, Adrian a most they paid big for last year's. Well, you don't need you don't necessarily need the big guys. I would go for and it we're not talking about specific free agents is more of a philosophy at this point. I think I'd be looking more at those two to three smaller. I used to kind of to bolster the roster little you're not looking for necessarily a guy that's going to like just be the guy to take you over the top but you're looking to mask those deficiencies to get incrementally better in those areas. So I think I'd go the two to three lower guys. It's going to be fascinating to watch because There are guys to be had and there's guys to be had that are in the price range of the Packers like it feels like the Packers can if they really want to make one big move. So it's an Austin Hooper. It's Robbie Anderson is Cory Littleton and Joe schobert like they can make one big move if they clear a little bit of cap. And honestly, I feel like it's gonna happen. Like I think that is one thing they're actually going to do and if I could place a bet on it, I think I would go with Cory Littleton, I think they realized that the middle linebacker spot is finally something that they need to. Admit that they've made mistakes and not addressing over the last 10 12 15 years and that's kind of where I think they're going to do it. And then I think they will make the smallish moves that helped the team like a Tyler Irvin being but bringing back at Ramon Williams is if they can get do that and then they will hopefully hopefully My honest hope is that they spend the majority of the draft on the offense and getting an influx of talent. That's young and cheap and on the offensive side of the ball because all the been doing for the last decade has been throwing everything at at the defensive side of the ball. So my hope is that they'll get a middle linebacker. I know that shocking to everybody involved here, but I hope they get a middle linebacker. I hope they caught a Littleton out of Him or Joe schobert that would that would be my pick and then I'm hoping they're sign a couple of smaller guys and then go offense heavy for the draft. So we've got that a we got one more question guys. All right, I think we've done enough. We've got we've we've done enough. Let's send it on something that we all can agree on Aaron Jones. So this is coming from at goose. Who Minnesota this is this is outstanding because we've got a guy lives. In Minnesota and is a Packer fan. So Goose we like you even more now, but he asks will the we the Packers extended Aaron Jones. How much do you think they signed him for so there's been talks about about how those there's mutual interest on both sides and honest to God. I have zero idea what that means. I mean, we just talked about all the weird misinformation that that's what that goes on with like this is their top Target and mutual interest. Yeah. Be like they talked about it or something. I don't I don't know what that means. Like. I don't know if that actually means anything but there it sounds like there has been conversations. I mean the way the way goody is Ben has been operating. I was Zero idea all I can speak to if it's me. I love Aaron Jones. I love Aaron Jones and I would not pay him. I would not pay him. I would let someone else pay him. You just you don't unless you can get him at like this is thing unless you can get him at like a reasonable. Tract which he should not accept because he has been amazing. I would not bring him back. The only case that I could make in terms of bringing him back is if he is more it's more that hybrid role which they have been flexing my more receiver. But if he's playing more snaps at receiver than he is a running back because you take your body takes we talked about this last week your body takes such wear and tear at the running back position that that second contract if you pay a guy big that almost never works like very rarely. Does that actually work regardless? How good a guy is that very very rarely work. So I would be very much against paying Aaron Jones unless it's unless they've been structured very very well and they're not paying them a ton of money which again if I'm Aaron Jones, I don't actually take because you can get paid somewhere else you make that money on that second hundred where you can I wouldn't begrudge him if he goes, but I I certainly would not pay him what I think the market is going to ask that he gets. He's not leaving. That's what I tell myself every day. I like you said I love Aaron Jones. I have no idea what's going to happen or what the mutual interests on both side means but I just hope and pray that they work something out that's reasonable and fair for both parties involved. I don't like talking about this. It makes me sad. I don't want to think of Aaron Jones not being on the Packers, so he's not in my mind. He's not leaving. And I'm going to tell myself that until that changes and hopefully I just say it enough that it becomes true. So there that's all I'm saying. This is making me upset. This has triggered many emotions. I think I fall kind of somewhere in between the two of you were I honestly think he will be back I do. I think they will figure out a way to make a contract work that works for everybody. My best guest is it lands somewhere about six million dollars a year I take that hardly is take that in a heartbeat that that mean that's my best bet right now. He's this year with his I believe with his elevators in his contract. He's going to be making a little over 2 million. And so if he can get six years or six million dollars a year for four years, I think that's something that both teams could or both parties could agree to maybe he thinks he can get more on the open market and he he might be able to You but I don't know if he wants to go to like the Colts or I mean somebody else who has a unbelievable unbelievable amount of money staying on the Packers. I'm telling this to I do I do that's why I'm saying the one thing I'll say and I don't know if you guys read this again or what this might have been the Packers site of care what site had this the the profile on him in terms of like his his journey him being a twin and how much kind of that like that kind of broke his heart to be away from his brother Alvin and how he found and that sense of community in Green Bay and especially with Jamal Williams were when they started as rookies and they're kind of going through training camp with a going through that first year, you know, it's such a hard time adjusting he would just go over to Jamal Williams his house and they would just play video games and he talked about like how that helped him that helped him like realize like the fun. He could have and helped him like feel like he belonged and all of that and so after reading that I think that was midway through the season that came out that maybe like a little bit was like well if he had that feeling maybe that's why Something but also money also talks very nicely. So if someone's kind of Bank up the truck for back of the truck for him and it's gross that's understand. What if somebody is gonna be like and I'm sure his agent already knows that if somebody is going to back up the truck for him and drop a crap ton of money on his front door. You can't argue with that. Like that's something that he would need to do. But if they if he really wants to stay with the Packers. He likes being in Green Bay. I think, you know six Maybe 87 million at the most is something I feel comfortable with for a guy who like you talked about is flexible can be the running back and can be split out wide to be a wide receiver. So I think that is a doable thing. I think he'll be back. I think Jamaal Williams will be gone. I think somebody else will give Jamaal Williams maybe like 4 million dollars to be a backup like a secondary guy and the Packers won't match that so that's why I think there will also be a third to fifth round while running back that is drafted as well. So quarterback running back. I think those are the mid-round guys for the Packers, but I mean overall As much as we didn't have anything to talk about guys like this is it kind of turned into a fun up? Oh Dove like we had a lot to talk about because there's so much Intrigue because we're a couple of weeks away from free agency or monthly little was a month and a half away from the draft Yeah. There's so much Intrigue going on. So, I mean, it's been a lot of fun to kind of answer those questions and see what's see what's on Packer fans Minds. That kind of think that's going to wrap it up for us. I think we got as much as we could as fast as we could I know we didn't get to all of it, but we're going to hit some closing thoughts. I know Sarah you don't you're good. You don't have anything right now? No, I'm good. I'm not writing right now. I don't write during the offseason as of right now, so I don't know bobbleheads bobbleheads. Oh, yes. Thank you for reminding me. I got you. So I have no You're really what this is because I don't live in Wisconsin and I think this is a Wisconsin thing but there is a celebrity bobblehead Challenge and Lily Zhou is up for one of the celebrity bobbleheads and I love lilies out. I think her coverage not only is her coverage of the Packers great, but she's just really funny and she's a great follow on Twitter and somehow she which I think is crazy cool that she's up for this celebrity bobblehead and you can vote so if you've not seen that on. Either go to Lily's Al's page and check it out because I think that would be really freaking cool if Lily's Al had a bobblehead. So yes, thank you for reminding me of that scene. Hey, I make fun of you all the time. But I also got your back door. Wow, so kind I do what I can I do it again Dusty. What do you got for us? Oh, yeah. First of all just want to so I just yeah, I got things as well a second the fact that Lily's amazing. So yeah, please please vote for that. She's the best I've got. I've got two two things. One of them is just like I kind of want Aaron Jones back just because I want to hear Steve rage for another four years about how the Packers are misusing him. I think that I think that'd be fun. It's probably wouldn't get old at all. No, not get all that. All Steve and then what wait no, no, really you're not so but no no, no, we're not doing this you're not we're not eating me this conversation my final thought Steve. I'm in charge of the show. Yeah, okay. All right, buddy. My last one is seven running during the offseason. I'm going through chronologically through the season and taking a play or two from each week and just kind of you know talking about it breaking them down given a little context for what was happening pretty well. That's a good idea. If you ask me. Yeah, it sounds it's not great. I don't think a lot of people are reading it. So thanks Steve, but I'm up to week 3 this today. It was comes out. I think around noonish Central will be out is at the Broncos game. And I'm what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to write about plays that I've not written about during the season. So that means the cheese wheel that's where the cheese wheel week three is when the cheese wheel made its debut that is not one of the things I'm doing Sarah you were at that game. So that's awesome. I went with I went with a to play sequence at the end of the first half. That was Preston Smith strip sack of Joe Flacco, and then the Derringer Jones touchdown run the had some really nice blocking kind of Billy Turner. Nice read by Aaron Jones and Billy Turner kind of shutting off a block and and and getting the middle linebacker the inside linebacker there. So Aaron Jones get it. So just again a kind of a fun. I think a lot of times I think back to either what I've covered or the big plays in a game and a lot of times I think a big plays in the game. I don't think of second. I don't think a first half the end of the first half stuff. So it's been fun to kind of go back through and do that. So yeah today you can read about a Preston Smith strip sack and how is it area Smith the kind of helps. That up and how even Kevin King coverage on that made that unlikely to be complete anyway, and then they look at some blocking offensive line movement on Aaron Jones touchdown run. So fun little series regardless of what Steve says so you can read that today over on. She's a TV I kid. You always put out outstanding articles as Sarah has said many times like it always pains me to say this out loud and give you a compliment. But every time I read those articles, I feel like I learned something and it really pisses me off Sarah doesn't put any of those qualifiers officer puts none of those qualifiers on it. Yeah. Okay. I don't really care. I'm not going to be that. Yeah. No, I'm not nice to the young kid. Why should I be nice to you? It's true. It's a good point. I've got a couple of closing thoughts. We completely Miss this question from one of Sarah's followers so is from who've in 99 can the Packers win the Super bowl next year? Who've in 99 you're God damn, right? They can win the Super bowl next year seconded. Uh-huh. I don't need comments from the other. Yep. Exactly. Yeah, you're goddamn, right they can outside of that. I'm just excited for you know, actual football and start getting back to normal. I want the I want free agency. I want the draft. I want all this stuff and to my one of my good friends Eric. I am not mad that you planned your wedding to land on Friday Night of the draft. You know, that's that's not something a hold against you. I'm just going to figure out a way to get a flat screen TV at your wedding. So Outside of that. I think we're pretty good. We will be back next week as always and hopefully they'll be a little bit of news. I mean the NFL news kind of starts to creep up a little bit more as soon as free agency gets closer and closer. So they'll be some news to talk about and yeah, we'll get Sarah to definitely hold in on a closing thought for next week too. So, it'll be good, but we will catch you guys next week make sure as always to follow Twitter at Dusty evilly at Circle her for Sarah I've always wanted to ask is there at cell sirico her one two, and three I don't know what what what's up. They are your number you're growing up. So my social media has always just been my name with some form of a foreign it I was very curious. They also need just popped in my head. I was like, it's her like it's her other ones are like took one two, and three that just pissed her off or I don't know if I can do that good to know good to know. Okay SLE crew at circular for SC / hatch and is always a packet a podcast again. Please keep following us on Twitter. We love all the interactions. We love the question you guys give us hopefully we can get to every single one of them and answer them when we can so thank you for your questions tonight. It really saved us, but we'll catch you next week and as always go pack go.