I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your levels good my I was so I'm wearing a hat right now and it's making my I'm not able to have the Is on correctly so yeah, it's fine. You might want to take that off like halfway through or if you if you can leave it on the entire tunnel. It's a passive. It doesn't look bad, but I can tell it's uncomfortable To None come by Lindley uncomfortable. Yeah, I can tell it would is it's as comfortable as being stuffed in the trunk of a car and for quite some time naked or not always naked. Okay, because I expect you to be naked if you're stuck in a trunk absolutely duct tape wrapped around your parents. All right. Yeah. Okay. Did I say penis? This is a great way to start this podcast. All right, dudes. So we're just Rockin and Rollin cranking and whippin. I hope every is everybody's having a splendid day Splendid morning. I hope you're on your way to work right now. I hope you're at work right now. I hope you're at the gym. I hope you're doing all of these things and you're listening to this and you're just going to get pumped the fuck up dude, and then you're going to find whoever is upsetting you some during the day your pom pom pom pom twice in the fucking mouth for me. Lip split their lip open, you know what? I mean? Yeah with a good solid white knuckle. Yeah, and hopefully this podcast gives you some sort of fuel for that rage to smash someone in the mouth and the mouth. Yeah, dude, you can double leg. Um, you could single leg or double leg. Um, you know, what I expect you to do you're wearing a wrestler singlet under your attire right now under your 2p your through two or three piece suit and then if someone frickin pisses you off you just pop your suit off like Superman would but instead of bringing Justice to the surface. You're just beating the shit out of anybody that cuts you off in traffic steps in front of you in line at the grocery store or anything like that and you're just double leg legging them into the magazines at your local grocery store in the magazine stick. It sounds like the opposite of Justice I'd say would you say that's the goal of this podcast? Yeah. So opposite of Justice man. Maybe that's the common theme that we're kind of hitting here opposite of Justice. This is not Batman, although we do want to talk about the new Batman movie we do this is not Batman. This is definitely Not um, that's actually a good point. So Dakota and I are trying to figure out what this podcast is about. We like riffing like this. We also like having people on that we are interested in what they're doing but a lot of people are fucking boring dude incredibly boring incredibly boring. So if you haven't been asked to come on this podcast you born and but yeah, so we're trying to find a common theme a Common Thread I think the feedback that we've gotten And people like are the high school store the stories from our back back home. We yeah just home stories. Yeah, so we are probably going to keep talking about that because we have a fucking tits load. We went we lived in kind of a Suburban Farm Town in the Pacific Northwest big old knocker load. Yeah. Oh the tits. Yeah. I was going back to it. You kind of it was a couple seconds delayed, but I was going back to when you said tits load. Yeah as in we have a lot of stories I wanted to say knocker load. This hat is already Honoring me I'm taking it off. Why did so what do you want? You describe why we have that hat. We just shot a video that I don't know if it's out or it's it's not out. There's an error. I don't know when that other video is going to come out we did or have done. I don't know when this will be a video making fun of mr. Beast who? Mr. Beast is one of the biggest YouTube growing YouTubers right now, and he does these extravagant videos where he is. He's like the last person to take their hand off this Lamborghini gets to keep this Lamborghini. Yeah, that was actually a pile of 1 million dollars that he did that with. Yeah, but he also did under the feud. He's done out of the bunch. Yeah, he did that with Lamborghinis to whoever could race the fastest in a Lamborghini got to keep the Lamborghini out of his three friends that were driving Lamborghinis. Yeah, so they're just like very ridiculous crazy videos and we made fun of them and he wears a straw hat like that a lot. So Use me Batman. Should we talk about that shit? Yeah, you want to start off with you're really kind of the Batman guy. I'm a Batman guy, but you're the bat. You're basically bad man. I would and I'll take that. Hmm. I'll fuck with that out of all the Batman's if he could choose which one to be in terms of the actor. Which one would you choose? Like? What do you mean? Like what actor that played Batman? Oh Christopher, Nolan or Christopher Christian Bale Bale. Yeah, so God damned attractive. Oh do Annex sorry for saying goddamn, but goddamn motherfucker. Yeah, when he was in American Psycho, we're doing a little bit of a review. So we'll do a mini see, you know, I've listened back to the podcast. I hate that. I hate it so much. I hate it so much that we do that really and I really wish that we had an intro song for that intro and outro but I think it just keep it short and sweet but sure go ahead and sure. Yeah. Um Dark Knight best one of the best movies that's ever been made my top in my top two, probably the top two or three and but they just had their coming out the new Batman. It's called the Batman which is interesting. Really? Yeah, it's called. Oh Batman and starring the guy that was fuck. I was forget this fucking guy's name. He looks so weird. Oh they release who starring in it. Yeah. It's been out for a while. That's the guy that was in the video. That just came out the judge released the like I did I saw the guy in the video, but I didn't he had a mask on I didn't know that they released that who the actor was. Yes that it's the guy that was in Twilight. The guy though the most attractive attractive man in the world. That's what people says, but dude. He looks like he's anemic. He looks like he's withering and dying. Yeah. No, I'm staying to statistically. He's the most attractive or actually mathematically. What does that mean, mathematically attractive geometrically his face apparently is symmetrically Geo like not sim. Like Geo isn't GL like rocks like Geodude geometrically. No just has to do with shapes angles and that's what I'm saying. I don't shapes. He's I don't feel like he's in a tray is I agree with you, but I'm saying I think there's proportions that you can hit in your face to be technically the most attractive person. I read a book A book once attractive about the golden ratio. Okay, and a lot of okay I say, okay sarcastically. Yeah, so I read this book and it's actually kind of interesting about the golden ratio and there's a lot of things in nature that supposedly the most beautiful things in nature are based off of the golden ratio, and they did a study and when I say they I don't know who they are, but they did. And up supposedly the most attractive people in Hollywood have the golden ratio and their face. We're in their face. I don't know but it's there. Hmm. Well fuck my life. So yeah that vampire has it. So so the new Batman starting is golden ratio is is a it's gonna be good on I hope I'm excited. I'm excited for it. But the guy that directed it is name is Matt Reeves and he the last movies he has made I want did not like he made the last two Planet of the Apes. Switch the last two were the worst last two and he also did Cloverfield that was cool. Drink my water. I drink your water because the water you poured me you didn't clean the dish properly and it has peanut butter. It looks like being a butter and semen all over and I didn't want to drink that. So but Matt Reeves has made some pretty easy as made some okay movie so we'll see how bad this movie is. I lower my expectations about movies all the time now because most of them are not good. I'm gonna drink the semen. Let's see about that laughing - I'm gonna drink the seam and go for it. So I'm pumped I'm pumped and so wow, that's disgusting. All right. Well that was reviewed time. Do you want to explain the trailer at all? It's not a trailer. It's called a camera test. I guess where they just put the they put them in the costume. They did this with the joker to and they release the footage of it and it looks fucking dope and then put music behind it. And it's just one shot. Of them. They're just doing like moving around and getting in the character and they just released the footage of that and it's like a 20 second thing with cool music behind it. And it looks big old tits blows nose Northwest knockers it or quiz knockers p&w baby. Yeah, you were saying something about his mask. It looked a little because it's a man supposed to be the richest person in Gotham City, but he had a ran down shitty DIY outfit on. Right. He's supposed to have a load of cash just like mr. Beast. And he when I watched the video I geeked out on watch it like five times and it if you look close it looks like his Batman mask is stitched together. Yeah by Alfred by a Yeah by his slave which is a slave Alfred. He's an old white man withering away slave actually in the last Batman the one that Zack Snyder made we're totally were getting fucking nerdy as fuck right out. I don't get it. Alfred was not an old. Good guy, and and those Batman's weren't good. I did not like those Batman's that much the Batman versus Superman with Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck was huge dude. For some reason all the sudden. Yeah, dude to be whenever I am movie is bad and my perspective. I never remember it and I don't remember that Batman. So it was bad. It was not great. It was bad man bad man. What the hell's the podcast everybody? Okay. So tune in next. Yeah, so Alfred Mask in blah-di-blah-di-blah so she starts dating is violent shit everywhere. Well, I thought was a new want to end it you want to end the movie review. I think there's more of a trailer of you. So we'll do a soft out like a condescending outro. Yeah, but up a bomb. Yeah, but people have really been Bonding to the stories of where we grew up and we've got a fuckload of them. Okay? Yeah one that we were talking about before. I don't think that this was released as a podcast yet. It might have been on one of the ones that was unreleased was and you know first I'm going to lay this down on the line here. There's this is that the same for what I'm about to say, you told your toes on the line. No, no lay down your toes on the line. I don't know. There actually is a saying about maybe I don't think there is a saying based off what I'm about to say. Let me say it and then we'll fucking few try to okay, so what you were going to say? The camera what I was going to say, you said lay it down on the line. Oh, I just want to lay it down there as in a apologize if this what I'm about to say has been on a previous has already been said yeah, is there a saying for that? So you're trying to apologize preemptively if you said it and you want to lay it so you're laying down the apology. Yeah, and you're trying to describe that as laying it down on the line. It's not a saying. There's no saying to that lay it down lay down the law that below if that is a saying lay it on the line or is there some slate maybe I was saying a lay down the law lay down the law but that has something to do with something completely different absolutely different for a different conversation and time that has something to do with when I'm beating my wife or my son or my daughter. I'm laying down the law because I'm the PowerHouse right? And what did they how what do they do that? That brought this beat down to to them, right? Yeah, see what you're getting at. Sometimes I come home and the chicken is not cooked or the steak isn't medium rare. Hmm. They'll do medium instead of medium rare and I beat my wife senseless Aha and she knows that I'm laying down the law. Okay and what the law is is cook my fucking steak. Medium-rare you senseless bitch a really? Yeah. That's the law. Oh wow now. Yeah, that's the law. Okay. And then why do you take the beat down in the pop off toward you? Do you turn towards your children? I like how you use pop off because I love my children. I do not love my wife. I do not love my wife. I love my children and I need to teach them never ever to do that. Okay, or it do not cook your steak to cook a steak wrong for someone do not do wrong by someone. Have sex with your neighbor's wife. Oh, fuck your neighbor's wife. Okay cheat, uh-huh steel and are used. Are you to build sure rate? Are you telling your children this? Yes, and no non-verbally with my fist. Oh back my hand without pinky ring. So as you beat them senselessly with your knuckles with you large sharp Knuckles. They know all they know all of these lessons that you are instilling in to them simply. I pressing your knuckles into their face quickly. Hmm. Just how my dad was bews when he was a child. He beat me senseless. Okay. My dad was beaten. Let's let's take it back further. Hmm. My great-grandfather was beaten, huh? He beat my grandfather. My grandfather beat my dad. My dad beat me. Right right. I will beat my son huh? And And the reason my great-great-grandfather beat my great-grandfather. Yeah. Cook your fucking steak, right? So you so okay. Okay weird. Where did that what are we talking about? So this is a problem. What is it can remember we were talking about. What were we talking? It was actually somewhat below if you know we were talking about we're talking about beating wives between wives beating wives. Oh, oh the saying the saying, oh the saying lay down the Lido you lay down the law to your wife's that you back and your wife to lay down the live beat my wife senseless. Lay down the law. I see I see okay, but you were trying to tell them well Batman, but your tone the lon you're laying down your toes fuck laying down the line because dude if people laughed at what we just said, I hope they did that's fucking awesome dude. If you're sitting there laughing dude, I applaud you I applaud you dude. That is great. If you're not laughing and you're upset, you know what I'm sure there's a freeway nearby that you can go dance and traffic's traffic. So there's a truck. So but thank you so much for love and having a blast you while you're listening to this. So what I wanted to lay down the law, what going back real quick, we don't need to touch on this too much but I'm a little surprised that beating your wife is not such a trying thing to do not. Oh, no, it's not a touchy subject. You can talk about beating your wife beat your wife. All you want. Wait. What are you saying? Are you saying? There's a lot of touchy subjects. Where are you to go into? Everybody knows them right, but I And talked about beating my wife and I can expect that someone's laughing. Do you see what I'm saying? I think there's a lot of things that we and other podcasters other entertainers tiptoe around. I don't tip towel. I don't tiptoe around beating my wife and my children. Oh, I see you're saying I wouldn't expect anybody to be like hey Dakota. You shouldn't say beat your wife. Right what I'm trying there's a lot of stuff in the PC culture nowadays really touchy stuff be I'm going to say it right now beating your wife is not one of them with a hard be yeah be your beat your wife. I don't need to say fucking because it's already pronounced enough beat your wife right be your wife and children and we have a platform where a handful of people are listening to this and we are lucky enough that were able to say Oh, I thought your wife here whether you're saying we have Platform would love a small amount of people decent of people are listening to this and we are lucky enough to beat our wives to be able to be. All right. Anyway, I do know I do get your what you were saying. I kind of want to clarify that a little bit there are a lot of things right now that people are just afraid to say and talk about everybody's getting cancelled and everybody's being a little bitch about, you know, canceled canceled culture culture. Everybody's in that. That's why people tiptoe a right, but nobody nobody has talked about the fact that wife-beating. Is not a thing that you shouldn't talk about right, but we're going to talk about it. And you never know Weintraub could have been beating his wives. But that's the thing. That's the thing. You're a weird guy doing weird shit to women. You're probably beating your wife is secondary to its low on the 12 other thing. I know you're doing the rape section and you're more into the raping not necessarily beating because you haven't tried it to one person because when you have a wife you have one wife not multiple wise like you're in India, so you are in your your in sexual rape mode. Okay, not necessarily beat your wife mode. Does that make sense? I'm so lost right now. I okay not knowing or not trying to lie. I'm a little confused as well. Okay, because we're here's the thing. We probably need to figure out what we're talking about because we're throwing out words like rape and and wife-beating and Weintraub and stuff. So so so here's the deal Waters boiled simran, right? So we got to Got to figure out are we turning this up right now? And are we getting are we fucking boiling right now or are we cool in this off? Because that's what I was trying to we're on thin ice because the water underneath the eyes is getting hot boy you NOS. Yeah. So you go ahead with what you were saying because I'm I see what you're saying, but I'm making the water a little more. Haha who just started talking about raping? And Weintraub for no reason so I was using him as an example that he was he's in the council culture. Well canceled right for you. Yeah. Yeah fucking burn in hell right right, by the way shout-out to one frog I was using him as an example cancel culture and maybe maybe he beat his wives but the priority and Catholic culture that people get most Pissed about is the other things that he made no one's bringing a beating your wife. And so are you saying that that's a bad that they didn't bring that up or it just is what it is. I do think it's bad. I do think it's bad but it's I'm not gonna I'm not the guy to decide. What's worse. I'm getting a little hot right now. I think you started to cool it down. And then you just said, I don't know if I'm the right guy to decide. What's worse. Yeah, because they're both horrible right beating your wife anything. Anything is your wives do anything ripping your wives do anything doing anything to your lives? Right? It's all terrible. Right? And what I'm saying is okay we go on the water is now at a lukewarm temperature may be what would you say? I'm just a the water is here's the thing. My butthole is puckering. I got that here's the thing it was water. But now I'm so confused. It's a different liquid now. It's a different it's gelatin. So, you know what gravy you have just listened to us dive down a rabbit hole of confusion and horror. Yeah and and and heat and that's okay because this is a what is that thing in therapy? We're just a you just talk. I don't know. I don't know when you talk. I meant to learn about in Psychology know it's like something Association or free association is Much there's where you like talk and ramble and speaker thoughts out and that's where like your your ideas form. And your emotions are created. So you're trying to say my ideas form from some fundamental in my life of beating wives your wives. Yeah. Okay, so you we just got to the core of what Dakota is beating why feeding and that could the wife beating the steak the everything like that? Let's bring it back. I may be brought up the violence because I Beaten senseless as a child so it could be that it's not because I beat my wives I don't have a watch I've right but I was beaten as a child. Okay, so I have torment in my mind. All right. So the people right now don't know if you're joking or s yes. I'm joking. I'm joking. You know what? Let's bring this back. Let's bring it back because we're trying to Circle and it's zigzagging or zigzag in. Here's the deal. Clean Slate, I remember one time in high school. I got in trouble for something I did those probably fucking really stupid. And I remember the principal said hey after a punishment, this is what I say to all kill kids. I'll Kill Ya he said I'll kill all the children and now he said after a punishment clean slate and I thought that was great and he he punished me he fucked me and then he just Did a clean slate and we were cool after that and he fucked me and so it was just perfectly I fell I feel like I was hearing something in between what you were say. You said he punished you and then I'm pretty sure he's you said it was like the clean slate. He push writers and slight right? Right, right. It's late. So after I got a fucking me and he him and I were good, huh? I'm I just heard it again and I don't want to say it out loud because I feel like I'm already in kind of hot water. I'm sure you drive. What I'm thinking of is Something also in kind of like the same vein of Weintraub. I'm not sure where you're coming from. Nevermind. Let's move on but he was a great principal and he felt good and so there was the ha so you keep saying you said he felt good. I remember that or maybe anyway, so he was a clean slate and that's what I'm laying down on this podcast. We the simmer the water we turned it up to about medium little bit. Go on sorry and clean slate don't beat your wives. Don't rape anyone and we take that shout. Shout out to Weintraub back. We don't mean that and also. Cook the fucking stick, right? That's the thing cook the steak Yeah correctly. Sure the state. So what can we do you remember off the top of your head where okay go on what we were talking about. Let's let's bring it back late. The laws been laid down. If you're still listening to this right now for the love of all gods. I think they are. Thank you so much. I think they're still with us. This has been great. I just wanted to lay it down that apologies if what we're about to talk about has been on another podcast. We're not sure we can't remember if it was one of the ones that we released or the one of the ones that we didn't release yet. We want to talk about our auto shop in high school a little bit now, not everybody. Hi not everybody's high school has an auto shop our auto shop was ran by a man. That was a Vietnam vet. He was an awesome dude, but he it was kind of like he let the The Prisoners the what is that saying prisoner of war? No, no, he let the prisoners run the the show. It's the the what's up Hitchin the patient's run the psych ward. That's what it is. Okay, right and we were it was just chaos and shit. So you go in there. And first of all, it was fucking dirty dude, if the entire shop was dirty and dangerous there was metal there was cars. As above you there was kids fuck in. This is what we used to do. And this was a fucking blasty. We had a cage. Okay where we kept all of the tools it was a chain link fence cage and it was locked. It was locked up at night because people didn't want people to steal the tools the cage with locked in the dungeon was locked up. They would lock it up after school ended got it so nobody could go in and steal the tools because that's where they kept all the tools now. Now we're getting heated. We would take some of our friends that were annoying us. Push them in the cage. John was one of our friends push him in the cage. Shut the door lock it and then hook the car battery up to the fucking cage which and they couldn't get out or else they'd get shocked by a car battery man did Did anybody ever touch the fence and that theory was put to the test. I'm shocked in the cage. I don't know. I'm not sure I'm assuming not because you know, that would be kind of sketchball central but I do that's actually quite elaborate of a saw torture mechanism you guys set up when you're young and your balls are mid drop. Yeah, I guess when you put it like that it is pretty good. Yeah, that's crazy speaking of that. I took autos for one years. So I wasn't as familiar as you were but I got a D. I got to D's in high school. That was one of them. So I never took auto shop again. I was traumatized after that term I did however take Metals Metals was another course in high school. That was maybe even less common throughout high schools. You metal shop where you fucking make Metals dude where you would go in and Weld and it doesn't sound like crazy. Maybe it does but it was a group again of little kids basically playing with lava. I mean how fucking dangerous there was. So there is welding and then there is also also the lathe and the lady that was where you make things like Hammers and there were stories. I know. Ever saw this but there are stories of people getting their hair caught in the lathe. There we go. Now we're cranking this bitch up. This is fucking fun. Now. I like this. I enjoy it. Yeah, really good times not the hair getting caught in the lathe, but good times in those classes. I don't know I did we talk about damn did we talked? We haven't talked about this yet. Oh the auto shop thing the auto shop like people going in there and fighting memo getting let's let's talk anyway. Talk about that a little bit. I don't know again. We laid it we laid it down. We beat our wives before this. So everybody knows that it's okay if they've already heard this, right? Okay. Yeah, I think it's a good start the story about memo. Yeah. So this is good. Do this makes me oh dude. Hold on. I'm getting torqued. I think we might have talking go ahead. Fuck it. We and and the auto shop. There was a pit in the ground where you would drain the oil of a car and the oil would go down into this pit. Pit now I had a buddy. His name was Memo and one day he came to school. He was a he was short. He's probably listening to this right now. Shout out to memo. He was a short. Shout out to memo one of my great friends. He's a short fat Mexican. He's a good friend and he came to school one day and I remember he was wearing like new Jordans. I'm pretty sure like new really new shoes new shoes. He was being talked about it flaw and I'm in everything and there was usually a great a metal grate over the pit in the ground. But for some reason there was no great today because I think they open it up to clean it out or something and there was oil in it people would piss in their little way to spit. Oh, yeah, dude, you saw people pissing it. Hell. Yeah, dude. It tastes like piss to I apologize for interrupting your listening session, but this is a quick Wick advertisement it's about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free, which is great because we're all in turmoil right now with the world crumbling and most of us are losing jobs and need to save cash. I'm also there are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify apple and all the other ones but Spotify and apple because who uses other ones if you're listening to this on another one. Well, I guess that's cool to still use anchor and also anchor allows you to make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. And lastly. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place baby download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. All right now back to the Pod and for some reason there was not a great there wasn't a great on it, but but there was like a mess. Covering over it and he we were all looking o standing over. I don't know what we were doing and memo came up with his new shoes and like tapped the mash and it just pushed down into the into the pit into the tar pit and he fucking his whole foot dude all the way up to his almost to his waist sunk down into this pit ruining his shoes and also at the same time making it the best day I had ever had in high school because seeing his brand new shoes become ruin and A Bird In Piss and chew spit and oil it. Just that's the reason I graduated it was a great glorious day is perfect. And then he had to go home and I'm pretty sure he cried and everything so he cried when he dropped in the oil pit, didn't he? I remember everybody around him was laughing so much and he was a waist deep and oil. They're just so fucking gross and I remember yeah, and then he had to go home. I don't know if he was crying, but one would assume yeah. It was good. That's hilarious. Thanks. I don't know where to go from there brain-dead time. I don't know where to go because I don't the only experience I have an Autos was I think it was my freshman year and I was barely there because I would sneak out of the auto shop room all the time. Hmm. I would go to cancer alley where everybody would smoke cigarettes. I wasn't much of a smoking. Poker in high school, but we would go to cancer alley that is now gated off the Gated it off. I think my junior senior year because people would go over there smoke cigarette smoke pot and beat the shit out of each other. Yeah fight and fuck so I actually funny enough want me and my friend one time after school. This was my junior or senior year after it was gated off people would use it as a shortcut to go home. Um, and it was it was happening too much and they get it off because people are starting to go in other people's yards through cancer alley and it was called the strong because everybody was smoking cigarettes. They're right. We would still jump the fence after school and one time this guy we would jump the fence and go to this guy's yard. He pulled out a gun shut up. No way. We're to God no fucking I swear to God he comes home. Is that like a Just a regular looking guy. Let me explain explain after school were walking home jumped the fence. A lot of people are doing it. We're on top of the fence. Okay about to swing our legs over. Yeah, this guy casually, you know mid 30s, maybe early for early 30s walks out of his house. He's like, hey man, get down get down. Don't hop the fence and where you know, 17 years old little punks. We're like why Why we need to get home or house is right there. I don't want to walk all the way around and go an extra mile. He pulls out a gun from his back his waistband. What swear to God and my buddy said why don't you put the gun away mmm, because that is what you do. Yeah, so we're still on top of the fence. If someone that did that to me now, I would get off the fence. Yeah. He's my buddy said why don't you put the gun away? And okay number speed it up a little bit. Yeah, put it away. He put it he put the gun away. Okay, we got off the fence. We respected him because he was nice at that point and we started walking the other way and we're like, I turned him I turn to my friend. I was like, you know what? Let's jump the fence. Oh, really? Yeah, so we jumped the fence this time really quickly. Yeah, swing our legs over fast. Maybe even jog by we hopped the fence. We're maybe quarter mile. Down the road at this point, huh? Wheat here behind us a car going full speed. It's the guy and he tries to hit us with I've never told you the story where God he tries to hit us with his car. He gets out of his car grabs us we back into this long grass field. He comes up grabs us both by the shirt and threatens our lives and tries to start needing Us in the chest. What did it really? He didn't really hit us, but he actually started Aeneas in the chest why he's a piece of shit. I mean, he pulled a gun on us. Yeah, I'm dead serious. Alter fucking fat. I wished absolutely not don't go in my yard. I'll kill you with my gun is gone worthy. Yeah topic to talk about like and then what you do where you guys like we I mean we were little kids just like traumatized. So we're like, all right. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah, he backs off can't really remember what he said and at that point. We were like I looked at my friend. I was like, dude, let's get to your house. Go hard to tell your mom. Let's hop that fence again. Yeah beat his wife. So we get back to his house. We tell his mom borderline tears. She was in tears. Were you guys we were in here? No, I'm just kidding. I don't think we're going to use we're trying to act cool and she calls the cops the cops go to his house come back to my friends house where we were both at they say that he was a firefighter who said he was a firefighter the cop that came. I'm back to our house up after they went to his said that he was a firefighter and he was trying to protect his family because people go in his yard all the time. And what does that have to do with being a firefighter? Well, he he used the fire fire to fighter. Excuse to be like, oh somebody in team we both work for the city. Mmm blah blah blah dude. Yeah. I mean, he's a piece of trash. I mean I put myself in his shoes probably wouldn't be pulling a gun out. Right on a 17 year old. Yeah, I would yeah, let's say if they cook the steak raw. Yeah, right. Yeah. Wow, that's I can't believe I never told you that I don't know. I don't think I've heard of that before. Fuck. Yeah. Well, this is a you learn something every day. Yeah. That was a should I say the shout out Jordan Jordan Jordan. Oh speaking of Jordan. Oh. Neither shall have to bleep the last name out because the follow-up story about Jordan starts Roars. Laughs Nate. Stop saying his last name. I'll say his last name, but then you beep okay from now on Jordan. Beep oh God. Damn it Jordan. Dude. We're gonna have to go through this podcast beeping. We got to start sleeping. So Jordan, okay fuck don't do that. So our good buddy Jordan. I don't want to go through this. You're fucking expose. I'm not going through this podcast and beep and your last name so many times we probably will because the follow-up story about. Mr. Jordan is you don't a shady one. Okay, that's my last one. So, mr. Jordan Jordan Jordan he so Jordan was one of my best friends in high school all throughout High School. Do you want to tell the story? You know what let's just come out and say it he fucked one of the teachers Jordan fucked the teacher. That's what's up. You know what and that sounds like a movie that sounds like a movie in the 90s Jordan bang the teacher. Yep. That sounds like like a knockoff to American Pie. Yep, Jordan bang the teacher now as I tell the story. I rub my chin very very intricately and exquisitely exquisite the right word. Now but oh man, if the teacher heard this she would be ashamed. Oh man, and I know I'm so sorry for bringing this up back in your life. You know, I feel so bad and she wouldn't be ashamed of no one no, no. No, but guess what the world knows everyone knows baby and and it was a good time for Jordan. Mainly Jordan mostly so there we had a Should we go into that? Well, we have to know we have to yeah, I think we should so Jordan was my best friend. He there was this be this up. So the problem of this happening with this podcast is we listen back to it and Dakota is slow with it. Yeah, you got a fucking dive into a story with energy dude because people that translates its huge hype it up dude pick up your fucking shoulders get some enthusiasm in your shit. You're slouching you want to The story tell the story about how about you? You tell the story about? Oh, fuck I gotta bleep. We gotta bleep that out. For sure. Yeah. Can you tell the story about the teacher? I'll tell this my back end on Jordan you practice talking. Okay fucking dive into it. Get some enthusiasm it some energy. Okay. So entertaining a crowd of people listening to this this teacher was about 50 years old decently looking for 50 Shira sound effects throughout the whole thing. She was I'm gonna try really hard not to say her name. She was always a little flirtatious. She wasn't an actual teacher, but she was like she helped out in the library. She helped out in the computer room. She kind of bounced around just like she was a whore so she at this point and it was interesting because I and you had her as a helper all throughout School, even I remember she was helping out an entry school elementary when we were kids. Name of the schools because people will look it up and shake it out it dude. This is gonna be this already out there. It's already out there. Fuck it. We should still bleep the name gonna be believing all this there's gonna be a lot of beliefs in this because we don't actually but you know, what if you can want to figure it out, you probably can sorry about all the bleeps, um chart out the story. So she wasn't an actual teacher. She was a little irresponsible you could tell she was off her rocker a little bit. She was a whore. All right. We're fall will for Full Throttle right now. We're diving into this a lot. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That's what you want. I don't know what details to really lay down. But she would do some sketchy stuff with the kids everybody, you know kids were experimenting with party drugs. She would do the party drugs with them. She would have a fun time with kids little too close to the kids. There's a fine line towline lay down your toes. On the line. There's a there's a line between being friendly with a kid and being a cool the Who cool hip teacher and letting the kid fuck you engine is on you there's some kids dick. Yeah. So there's a ton there's a sliver of a line there. It's a little gray area between just high fives and handshakes and hugs to letting them jizz all over your chest and back. Yeah. The line is a little blurred, but guess what? You don't want to cross that line want to get anywhere near the line. Guess what's on the other side of that line in prison Penitentiary? Okay, and guess where she went when she explored the other side of that line not only Jews on her chest Penitentiary reality. Well, we leave the city maybe even the state because people are going to talk about it for years and years afterwards just like we are right now 10 years post. So okay. Yeah little too friendly we had her High School little into Middle School elementary my best friend Jordan. He was always a funny guy Corky getting his sell himself into sketchy situations. Especially this one. I remember see now, I'm kind of tipping tip toeing the line of how what kind of detail should I really get it? I don't think we should put anyone down. I don't think that's we already called her a whore and that's that's probably as far as we should go. Right, right. Right. Also, we should lay down the what was it again? Lay down the law lay down the law cook your steak just preemptively say all of the you know, these are just I fucking hate that I have to like I feel so sensitive about saying certain things because it's all just like joking. Yeah. That's the thing. I want people to know that I'm going to slip up a lot. I would you say we just spotted smoke 30 minutes about beating our wives and shouting on Jerry water. Yeah. Not what Jerry Weintraub his name. I mean that speaks to how much we give a fuck about this guy and how much of a piece of shit he is I don't even know his name Weintraub or something Weinstein Weinstein white Jerry Weintraub is a guy that wrote the book that we I know Scott yeah complete opposite yeah great guy yeah that guy was a good guy this new guy Weinstein's an asshole Weinstein so we're using them so well the jokes we so right the jokes I'm I speak before I think especially on this podcast I'm spouting off I'm trying to be funny I'm going back and forth I'm trying to think of topics I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife on it it's not because I do beat my wife it's because I don't have a wife to beat so I do want to go into a little bit of funny detail with Jordan because I was really really close to this situation big and I'm emphasizing that I was best friends with him because I I have some details about the story that no one else does. Okay. Well then, I mean if you're saying that you may have to say it wasn't a menage a trois it wasn't that close. I was I'm going to say this and I say this - what? I'm gonna have I know so many details because she ate my ass so I'm gonna say this one time and one time only. Okay. Are you ready? I'm sitting down sit down. I saw the titty pictures first. I was the first one on the scene just cellular device with the titty pics. I was the first one to see it unfold I was the first one to recognize where this whole scenario was going. I saw the titty pictures. I don't even want to say the kid's name anymore because we're just it's already been incriminated, but we're incriminating more. Yeah, someone's going to go to Is it going to go down again after someone's gonna go back to the penitentiary and move another state further away. So I saw the titty pictures first. He pulled me aside after school one day and said and you know, I had known they were kind of like doing some sketchy stuff. Everybody kind of knew people were going into her. She was the computer teacher at the at the time don't say anything that nobody knows because we don't want to I want to see it give out any information that's like actually newly incriminating. I believe there was stuff and nobody knew that I saw the titty picture so, okay, so I saw those I knew where it was going and you know, there had been a lot of stuff leading up to this like kids, you know, my buddy and all of the surrounding Circle would go into the her office on lunch break and kind of like do some sketchy stuff with her. Her not sexual but just like not professional. Okay, right. Yeah, I don't want to yeah. Yeah, right. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So so when you hear a snap that means I believe it coated a fucking pick it up. So the next thing that happened was one my friend came back to school and told me hey Dakota. I need to tell you something. I was at my House, yeah, I'm going to call him Timmy for this situation for sure. This is my friend that fucked her. He was at Timmy's house. Okay. I was at Timmy house. I texted blah blah the teacher. Yeah, she came and picked me up. Mmm, and I fucked her in her car. She gave me head nice. Excellent. Thanks. So that happened once okay that happened once huh? And then the next time I don't know where it went down. This is too long ago for me to remember all the details, but I know it happened at least two times someone's calling you sorry and they got it on outside of a car in a house in a more casual fuck setting. Hmm. And then there was one. I mean I could really put someone on blast right now, but there is one of course not there's casual fuck setting that's so a casual fuck setting. I mean keep in mind my friend that did the fucking yeah that delivered the fuck. Yeah. This kid is freshly 18 actually. No, he wasn't 18 because she went to the penitentiary. He was 17. I'm going to go live on the podcast or on the on Instagram for just a bit because I forgot to do it at the beginning but continue. So this is a great story go live your okay continue. So he did that and then Then it started to get around school. You know, I I take pride in being one of the first people to know and then you know, I kept my mouth. Shut. I kept my mouth shut. I didn't tell that many people and it's but it started to get around. My friend was telling screwed into the islands. He was he was I mean, he was imagine seventeen-year-old you fuck your teacher. You're pretty proud of yourself. Like I can only imagine and he and man imagine. Imagine hearing this news and it really hasn't blown up yet and then going and telling the principal imagine the power that you have in your hands dude walking up to the principal and just being a little a little a little tattletale yo, dude, and that's the ultimate tattletale. You have the weight you have fucking gold gold in your hands you have gold in your hand edges on it Jazzy Jeff Jizzy metal and It's you feel so good. And so empowered to go up to the principal and be like hey. I have something to tell you mother fucker. And in that moment, you can say to your principal sit the fuck down. Yeah, you can swear at him because he'll be like whoa, chill and you're like no motherfucker. I'm about to drop the ball on this bitch. I don't know if that's saying but the cats out of the bottle and that's just what I'd say the cat is he so this person was about to release the cat from the body. There's a cat inside the bottle and The Horde the bottle was about to break. The back of a horse and the shit was about to go down. There was a Jewish wedding. They're about to smash the bottle underneath their foot release the cat exactly. It was like at there was a haystack on there's a haystack on a camel and it was fucking overflowed with information and you go to the principal's office and you say sit the fuck down and he's like don't say it to say that to me and you're like so your fucking ass down bitch because he knew do unto others as you do. To others and he knew what was going to be done to him was about to be done to others sure is that I'm trying to use more saying oh we're trying to mess up sayings more. No, I'm no I'm trying to use sayings because I feel like I should step up my vernacular. Oh, yeah and and and we'll go over there. That's not a saying no. No, that's really bad. You fuck that up bad you do that incorrectly and don't say that one again. Okay, so this Person steps into the principal's office. Yeah says sit the fuck down you fat bastard law so that the principal and we don't know that but we're just assuming like if we were writing a book about this there would be a lot of facts that are incorrect. Read this point. I don't know. Yeah, but we were just in how we would heighten the book up we would say that the prints that we would say that you walked in with that with a sword and you threatened the principal on everything. That's how we would type this out a book but that's not really what happened at but but at the same time, I wouldn't expect that it would happen any other way. Sit the fuck down you fat bastard. Yeah, you piece of garbage trash red-bearded Fat Bastard. And so so anyway, so somebody went in told the principal principal and of course, you do the math it blew up. It was all over the news and then the stars must have a line because a couple of weeks later on the other side of town at are the Rivalry school. There is another like weird sexual thing with the PE teacher. Really? Congratulations. So shout out to all those people if you are a teacher and you're banging students shout out and if you're a student that is bang a teacher ultimate stash out out. We also want to we were talking about this before if you have any stories from high school two things. You can send please DM them to us some crazy stories from high school party stories, if you know anybody because I've we've told that stew I've told that story to people for and they're like dude I hooked up Up with my teacher or my buddy hooked up with my teacher. If you have any stories, please DM them to us because we want to talk about them. If you want it to be anonymous just let us know and the DM that you don't want us to say your name. We absolutely won't but just let us know these crazy stories. We would love to read them and talk about them because they're so the thing about high school and I've thought about this a lot. It is all of a sudden. It's jumping into a chaotic. Tornado that you are so unexpected for your an elementary school in your painting stuff with your fingers and you're talking about whales and taking naps. Then you go to middle school and you're playing sports and you think you're tough and you know, you're doing experiments with volcanoes and mementos and everything's exploding all over the all over the ceiling and then you get into high school and the students are fucking the teachers. Yeah, you're getting drunk and fucking your teachers dude, and it's chaos. Yeah, so yeah, we just had a little hiccup there. But anyway, so please just let us know if you have anything that happened in your high school. We love to talk about because we talk about that shit all the time, dude. Yeah, we talked about it a lot. We like we laugh at it a lot and we've gotten a lot of feedback on this podcast. The people think it's funny and interesting to hear about those kind of things and I think it's just because everybody has crazy stories from their high school. So if you do please go to our Instagram DMS, yeah wanted to be anonymous. Let us know at Perry Hall thrown out Dakota grown or at the brother the da brother dot show let us know these fucking wild and wacky stories baby. So we got about 10 minutes left on here. Should we cranked out anymore anymore? We always have like five or ten minutes left maybe about five minutes left that we just are kind of like should we talk about the episode that we just did the one we film today? Yeah. I don't know when it's going to come out what we did. We did we talked about that at the beginning of this. I have such bad memory issues. I can barely even remember you've been hit in the head one too many times and on the last podcast episode. We told people if they wanted to find you and that just so happen to have a golf club. They could smack you in the side of the head with it. Now that was a joke, but since then it's happened. Yeah, it's he keeps happening to him. So stop doing that to Dakota said please stop berating me in the street with your 9-iron. Right? Right. Well, I think that that's it we could probably At this thing up. Yeah. Yeah. Also if you have any guests that you would suggest to have on. I take that back don't suggest your guests. Well, no, actually, I think that's good because we want to make this like an interactive thing Dakota and I love sitting down and talking to people that we think are doing interesting things a little sketchiness is always fucking good dude. So if we were actually talking it would be cool to have somebody that was in jail on actually be in ironically enough on the intro to this podcast the first like the promo video that we recorded I said we might have a prisoner on from time to time. That was a joke. It's not a joke. Anymore Yeah, we actually might have a prisoner on how would be kind of interesting but also people that are doing cool stuff. I would love to talk to a scientist. I would love to talk to somebody that's just in in the cultural Limelight. That was a fucking good somebody a transgender person. I have a friend who's a stripper. She's a stripper comic to talk to her people that are just like, I don't know just how cool interesting eclectic unique stories if you are a teacher and you fucked One of your students let us know we would love to talk to you about that because that is very interesting. We'd love to put you on blast. Just kidding. Just kidding. Just kidding. Just kidding. You know, that's what we did for the last 30 minutes. Yeah, and beyond that dude, please again subscribe to this shit. We should have said at that at the beginning we should always say that at the beginning we will will do that in the intro. Yeah, maybe we should record an intro right now for this will do that after this will record an inch. For this and then put it the way we do that now we do the intros for guests, right, but we could do that we could do on for this right? Yeah, I guess so but please subscribe to this tell a friend. We really want to build this up. We have a good time with in we're getting good feedback, which is awesome. We're only a few episodes in it's getting good good responses. If there's anything that you liked us talking about people love the high school stories from our hometown people love the I've been liking the reviews if there's anything else any movies or whatever you want us to review. Fucking let us know dude. We want to talk even if it's something even if it's a story from high school not from so it even you're just your hometown in general. Yeah anywhere from your hometown even something that you heard about something. That's crazy that you want to hear. You want to talk about you want us to talk about let us know. Yeah. Yeah, that'd be great. There are people I can see on Instagram live messaging me right now things that happened in their High School. Just if you want to if you want me to talk about it, shoot me a DM and we'll probably will try to talk about it on the Next episode. Thank you guys so much blessed art thou I raised my hands in holy matrimony to all the gods that are in the space. And I don't I don't Dakota's hands are down toward the dark under lower and much appreciate much. Appreciate. You don't think you guys later.