Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I mean if only this reunions had been in our hands, could you imagine we have a lot of thoughts will get into it? Yeah, but yeah overall. Yeah, let's dive. Vin it was fun and it was it was fun. It was good. It was like a lot of things. We wanted to know about we heard about a lot of updates. Yeah, I wanted a little bit more. I want a lot more. I just can't we do it third and fourth reunions. I would please. Yeah, there's so many more questions I have but anyway, so Nick and Vanessa and the whole cast is there all the engaged Couples from the pods and they start by asking okay by raise of hands who is single region of you're single and who raises their hands. We have Diamond Mark Jessica Kelly and 10 so everyone. Yeah the majority so I thought he's a relationship people. They'll all be in relationships. You predicted the albeit Kelly raise your hand. No, okay. She's single she's single. She's single. She's dating someone from the wedding. No, no. No, she's currently single. She did date somebody from the wedding I missed during this year. Okay. Yeah, but she's one of the single crop okay. Mmm, then which of our couples are still together? Well, there are only two couples. So they're still together. We're still together. There was like a teaser there is like They're like who got engaged in a still together who didn't get engaged in still together right or married? Oh Mary. Yeah. Yeah. So and then yeah and then who's in a relationship with what they said? Okay, that's good. Then which of our couples who got married or still together now raise of hands who's in a relationship. This is where you predicted everyone would raise their hand because I relationship people. Yeah, but they're not but apparently they're not there was more not in relationships than in. So we had Kenny Gigi and Damien. So then you see this like Gigi and Damien sitting by each other, they both raise their hands and I'm just like wait what no dating. So I heard like a rumor of this briefly last week and I was like, I totally dismissed it because I didn't see it anywhere else and I just didn't believe it. I was like no way and it's the truth. Yeah. Do you mean GG back together despite? Right, what's best for both of them? Here? We are. Yeah, but I what I do give it to him. Like I was surprised. I genuinely surprised by that reveal. Yeah same so that for really fun. Yeah. We talked a little bit last week last week two days ago and said woman two days ago about there's like no spoilers really because we've only known for a few weeks. Well, there was a big spoiler with Eric spoilers. So bravo bravo good job. Okay, so then they go into just check-ins with everyone. Okay? What have you been doing? This is where became really obvious to me of some bad editing better. Yeah, it felt like I wanted more and it would just be cut off really could tell they were cutting it raptly. Yeah, I don't know if anyone else noticed that it was like hey, yeah, I do like we've been along this process and then I want to know like what have you been doing for the past year and we got little Snippets so Kelly, here's the theme real quick before you dive too deep here that's going to come up for me for the next 45 minutes when we talk about this. I wanted less Nick and Vanessa and more of the cast and this is like a prime example of where we could have cut out Nick MSS reactions to a hundred questions and just given me more of this. I want to know where they're at. That's it. Yes, you're right because it was like it would also then just cut like killer bee mid very end. Just any thought like me editing the podcast where you're like, well that was obvious and then it would go right back to Nick and Vanessa. Nigga Vanessa making Vanessa. Yeah. Is there any nuts? I'm sure I'm the only one but it Means that yeah, so we find out Kelly is had she's talked about a number of career transitions. She's no longer with Beachbody or issue with Beachbody. I don't know I follow her and it just has like some generic Health something that she's promoting that one of these like Young Living could be so vague to me that I just don't care so number of career transitions. Most likely just different MLM jumping. Yeah. Nice. Umm. Yeah. Do you think her whole down mine goes with her or she's just like solo making these moves. It's a really good question. I hope she's at the top one of these pyramids. I really do. Oh, I hope so too. Come on Kelly. Yeah, then she said she dated her best friend who happened to have been at Kenny and Kelly's wedding. Oh was he also may be at a conference in San Diego Kelly. Is that where you met this past pregnant? So they dated but they're not dating now she talked about some self growth that she's had in the past. She I point this out to Kansas during the episode is wearing a giant fish. Ring diamond on her right hand ring finger, but I don't know. Is that like a thing the promise ring thing? I don't know. No hmm. It could just be an heirloom from her grandmother. I wear one accessory grandma Yeah, but I like speculating but no she was definitely single. Okay, very single and Kenny is very not single. He was almost gloating. I loved it could not be doing better wear his word. He said I don't want to sugarcoat it you're using. That phrase wrong, but I could not be doing better. But he didn't give credit that the experience allowed him to find who he really was. He has the best girlfriend ever. Yeah. This is a common theme of everyone being like the show helped me become a better version of myself, right that came up a lot. Yeah, that's really cool. Yes a lot of self-reflection and growth and appreciative of the experience which I've been appreciative of experience. Vanessa Nikkor wondering I can tell you My my gratitude for the show. So then Amber Burnett, they're doing great. They're learning about themselves. Oh, I love this bit about are just made endeared me to Amber even more they moved because the house they were in was haunted. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah Amber is this dead serious? Yep dead serious, and then the demons like followed them, but the bad spirits followed them into another house and I just wanted to hear more about that. Yeah, and then they follow them into Barnett's jacket that he wore on the show tonight. Was it I'm sorry. I've been getting my mess up L on tonight. I've had a few Beverages and so I'm going to have like less of a filter than usual. But yeah, I didn't love the jacket was worried. You know, I didn't either thank you for validating me. Are you did say hand might like it in person. I could you're right. I did say it looks bad on TV, but you know, maybe a person saw that bad. It looked fun, like maybe like a night and day cares. What I appreciate is that he was like trying. Yeah, you look like my dad wearing anything that's different for a man. Like that was like, I love Carlton, too. Like anyone was some style or willing to take any fashion risks? Yeah for a male perspective speaking across a his jackets and I was spot on it. I loved it. Yeah, cool. So yeah, they've got a haunted house some demons following them. Sorry to do that. And then let's see. Okay, Jessica. Let's just coming up to well she mentioned there were a lot. It was really rough for her to watch his back and it felt very genuine a lot of cringe worthy worthy moment. When she mentioned, I think all of America was cringing along with her watching it. She said she went home to Chicago for some months to heal and now she's living in LA and she is dating again, but not dating anyone excludes always in a relationship here is the thing about Jessica like incredibly self-aware tonight. I have a ton of respect for how she showed up with like a little bit of remorse and embarrassment about drinking too much and some of the things she said and how she handled and we kind of hinted at Throughout the season but you know, there's a lot of stress and being this weird relationship living with some of you know, you don't know the honeymoon the cameras the producers and she kind of like candidate. I said some things that even I didn't like believe so I don't know why I said that so we saw some of that I thought she's really self-aware. I thought her Botox look great like she got that maybe last week. Yeah it's looking for I do. Yeah exactly. She I this was refreshing to me. Okay, and I am just first I'm gonna keep saying this. I feel like she redeemed herself in the end and she have a soft spot spot for her. I just saw a spot from her from the beginning when she walked out on Burnett in the pods and where we discussed this you were like, I still disagree. Yeah, but there's something about her and it's not super us super popular opinion, but I think I was super I was really impressed by her reacting this way because you see so much on reality TV shows like this people getting defensive. We just saw the after the rose ceremony. Moni I don't know sorry. Sorry the women tell all of that and it's just these girls just get on the defensive about their behavior when they're watching the back and she just didn't she was like, I'm embarrassed. I couldn't even watch it every piece of agree agree. If anything that's the most redeeming thing. She's done. I I'm not on the she redeemed herself walking down the aisle to break the state's heart train, but I thought tonight was like yeah, she seemed really real. Yeah. She did she did and it was just it just felt really vulnerable and real to watch as she are you slip box Jessica. My stock were tanking. The stock is tanking. We need help. What are you doing right now? Okay, so then Carlton was Carlton doing he talks a lot about some self-reflection. He wanted to preserve his personal personal space. This was funny. OK Carlton, if anyone's been following him on social media nothing. I said, tell them what you're telling me about. Yes. He is like oh Carlton, he's a everybody gives Gigi. Gigi has a better battery mutation for being drama. I am like no Carlton is the what my drama Everything feels like a show and just overemotional my especially here's a about Gigi. I think we don't give her she is like first generation immigrant. She speaks perfect English with no accent and so you don't think about that and she's blond and she doesn't look foreign but she's like Venezuelan and so a lot of what comes up with the I think it's Cultural like emotion and being so over-the-top. I think it's like really cultural and we don't give enough credit for that and we give her a hard time. Yeah, you're do Carlton is like over the top. Oh my gosh. And yeah, like I said, he was falling on social media when the show came out. He got on social media made a big announcement like I'm back. I'm back and then yesterday or today. He leaves he puts a big announcement like I'm off of social media. Goodbye. And so just funny because you talked about preserving his personal space. And he was still doing a lot of processing so you can just tell Tiana's Carrollton just feels really like a he has a lot of demons that he's fighting or just feels like a really torn individual. It's a weird dynamic because he seems really genuine and really over the top and I don't know how both of those things can be true at the same time. But yeah, he does feel like He's genuinely trying to express himself, but he's like so extra. He's so dramatic that it's like hard to believe what he's saying to us. It's I think the word is conflicted. Mmm. He feels conflicted and so it to us it's conflicting. Okay, when you just Behavior, I like that break down. Yeah, we'll get more into that because we spent a lot of reading and spends a lot of time there. So G and Damian. Hmm. So they're together God damn it. They give us nothing here. I want to know when The last episode I mentioned I had read an interview from Gigi that she took her nine months to recover from the Heartbreak. Is it because nine months later? She's back with him. That's what I'm guessing. She couldn't reveal that end. But I'm looking I wanted them to say Nick Vanessa. Maybe ask a question here. Like we're dying to know when they got back together. What does that look like? How did they even get so many texts are calling tell us that story. I'm curious if they got together as recent as watching the show because think of watching the show and all those emotions coming back up again, and then you're like Hey, you ought to work like that could have happened. Tell us I think you're right. Yeah, I'm gonna like I'm going to be extra critical of nigga minutes inside because I want their job but also so we talked a lot during the season about how maths is a good comparison for the show. We compare that a lot. Right? Well Mass they do this and so it looks like this on the show tonight. I thought it felt like the reunions shows for Real Housewives. So all I can think is I wish Bravo Andy is sitting in the middle of this group. Moderating this debate because he does such a good job of getting the conversation going and then disappearing letting us just experienced the characters which is like all I wanted tonight. So it's probably not fair to compare them. But that's what I wanted. I wanted Bravo Andy to start a conversation and then disappear and instead. We just got them costly interject themselves. And here's I said this you during the show and I'm going to say now and maybe I'll cut this later but probably and he's a fan of Real Housewives and so he's asking the questions that fans want to ask and I feel like Nick and that's are just like I don't know producers of the show. And so they're like a little removed like Senior Management at your job right now. There's not in the weeds and they just don't know the things that matter to you and I wanted them to be more connected to the cast. And when I asked these questions part of it too is just is the timing of the show. So Nick and Vanessa were with them 14 months ago filming and apparently had some interaction and then you wait a whole year and then it pops out again. Do you know I'm saying like part was not likely. They're not living and breathing in and they just had to jump back into it where Bravo and it's different like living and breathing a number of different things as women every night. He's like talking you ladies all the time. I'm trying to say girls less because we got some feedback there. And so yes, thank you for that feedback is really appreciate that. Yeah. So I yeah, that's that well is what keeps coming up for me and I'll probably harp on that a little bit about how he would handle somebody situation a little bit better or how you know, we might handle these situations a little bit better, but just let him go. Yeah let time Rift between each other let them Express and if you're going to dive in dive in here like the fans want to know when they got back together. Yeah, right. Yeah, and that's why I'm one of did they dive in and just got cut it's a good point because we saw some bad ending tonight. So maybe the editing. I don't know. Let's see Diamond. So diamonds working on her PhD. Wow, good. Yeah get a girl. Yeah. She looked great. She talked about like how hard it was to open up to the world. And then you're just out there and just coping with all of this. I mean, this is a lot for these people and you could see that in this reunions show like just dealing with backlash and opinions and oh my gosh, I can't even like a lot with diamond and Carlton tonight. It felt like they were both kind of what could have been hmm did that was that coming up for you at all? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah seem like that a lot for me and some resentment that got kind of handled a little bit. Do you want to dive into that now? Yeah, let's do it. Let's do it. So causing those a little over-the-top like he usually does. Yeah where he just wants to propose kind of as an apology, which I thought was like a noble thing to do. He kind of was a dick tour in the show and blew up about Yoshi mention. She's been getting like a lot of hate about being homophobic when we talked about this on the on our podcast. I don't think that's what it was at all. She seemed really open to being understanding and even moving forward relationship. He got Ultra defensive. He was disrespected her. She brings it up. She's an iPhone knock it over that. It was very disrespectful. It was ugly fight. They're both probably a little bit of shame to some of the things I said when people said that yeah, and they had to relive the fight at the pool. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I was ugly then concentrate of tonight and he's like yo, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I think look I fell for you and I think we could have a really special friendship and I want it like just start over fresh. And Diamond seems like not that open to it initially, but then you get kind of see her walls come down and it like changed her Dynamic on the show change like how she was showing up. And so I thought that was kind of she did soften, huh? Oh of initially. She really she said, I no matter what I can't get over that never let that go and they she talked specifically how they had to make contact with each other so they can even be in the same room for this ringing. They were ready for that. They weren't ready a year and a half later. They weren't ready for that still held a lot. Yeah against him but then that soften her a ton. Yeah. At the end I almost found myself being like I wonder if she's sitting agasshi falling for him like a she's like ended he was like making a point about something and she was like smiling and lean in and not in a little bit and I thought oh, she's like kind of in she's got care for it again. Yo end. I mean your we've looked like good as shit tonight. So the only Carlton ever shake you like that again it look good PhD fan. Can you imagine? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah good for you good for you good for her. She's probably relieved this would I want If she would like this whole wave of Love is Blind to go away like she may be relieved at like this wrapping. Yeah, that's wrapping up. I say that she's relieved now, but I'm thinking there's going to be a lot of residual on this show we talked about it just feels like that if I was her I would want it to go away same. Yeah, you know, we're getting Democrats and so much tonight. They're like not even let's go but the show did I mean the ranger good was like good drama is good job Ivan. Damon Damon, what's up? Good reaching out tonight. Appreciate you about Amber and Jessica being a like a lot of drama on the show and like kind of what's driving. He's been doing right now right catching up and so it's like fun to relive it with him. Yeah, Diana Carlton were like a lot of drama. They work a lot of good content for the show. And so you could see why I would come up in there. Yes, and they out in social media after when the show was playing they were they feeling didn't they did well and people leaned into that so it just became a thing. And the we like you two things to clear up. Yo, Carlton, no one at least here brah allies. We're not hitting on you for your sexual preference. You were a little bit of a dick in the fight and that's kind of what gave you some backlash. I know that's why you disappeared from social media now and Diamond like we didn't see you as homophobic at all. Like there was just like a weird dynamic there of coming and being willing to accept and then the fight and then it blew up so we wish you both the best. There's no like cancellation here or hate or whatever might come out of that. But yeah. Danis, they were they were a lot of fun. I love having on the show is about to see them go tonight. I kind of wish it worked out because it was they were good character. Yeah. Yeah and appreciated making Vanessa Catholic thanking everyone for showing up but I did appreciate that. They were both there that everybody showed up tonight because it was awkward and to me they should have really vulnerable and willing to share real feelings. Yep, even though Carlton Maven over-the-top to me. It felt genuine genuine and over-the-top somewhere about yeah, so humble and so let's oh, okay. Going into awkward Barnett. So they let's do Barnett and Amber. Okay, so they really they replay Barnett's like connection of the few girls. Yeah, and this was watching this was interesting. So Amber's face and body language when they're replaying him talking about leaned. I really liked jet he's like specifically talking about Jessica and a Mauritius whale he says in the quote Jessica is my number one. Oh, yeah, I can act like they had been kind of like touching. It has some hard conversations, right and you can see Barnett kind of being supported like leaning in and touching and rubbing Amber like being like, you know, I'm here for you. Yeah, and then during this I quote Shillings all the way away and it's like oh this is like hard card I give you so much and you just automatically carry that and have to watch it in front of these people relive that I can totally see where everything feels right now all over again. Hmm, but you did talk about like hey, he'd been emotionally empty the past few years knots. Super good with girls. So I think he went in a little bit. Maybe needy. Hmm. That's interesting. Okay, he did say he did when we talked about on our podcast Tuesday. Hey, he mentioned like I wish they would have shown the real connections. I actions making you like he said I was emotionally empty. He goes in like needing a lot because that Cantina and he's getting that and so it's hard to pick. Yeah and all these people was all these people had real connections. You're a Shock for me. We're going to get to this later was like how many people dated Lauren for so long? Yeah, right. Yeah, Damien talks about up until the day. She got engaged they were talking every single day. So we just didn't see that for those people for whatever reason they decided to show us that with Barnett they did which feels unfair to him. It does and unfair to Amber in this setting now now later looking back, it feels unfair relationship so much harder. Yeah because and they should be a lot about homework. Like let's say Lauren didn't have to Karen doesn't to relive what Lauren and Damien were designed exactly really good point really important. I think you so am then Amber get Amber gets all the flooring love this. Can we give will put this quote? Yeah. We'll play this quote bitch your sheisty. You're so fake coming to my face. Like we were cool. You are so fake. She goes. Hey, I'm on Jessica she does and we loved every minute of it. You're right preach. Yeah, seriously so sure. And the best is when she's doing this Barnett's face. He's like she's looking down. He can't yeah, but still he's touching her like hey, I'm here but oh my gosh. I wish I didn't have to be I wish I didn't have to be yeah that felt like for the first half of the reunions that was a lot of what was going on with the two of them. However, you look great her hair like the blond. I love the blonde. Oh me too. Mmm Yeah, I think she looks she looks fabulous and she I thought she handled herself really? Well. I know she had some things to say and she had the right to say that them I'm just cutting responded in the right way to Jessica. Really? I think Jessica just feels Dom yo, I thought she should have great tonight. Yeah, I thought Amber here's what I love about you Amber all season and especially tonight she's blunt. She has little to no filter like me after for 805 s and she just says like he'll this is what is happening for me. And this is why and I appreciate her just being like blunt and honest and open and that that was the beef she had with Jessica. So when it came down to it, they said we Accept her apology and she was like, I accept the intent the least you could have done in been honest and upfront. So I think Amber we see the Amber values bluntness and she's like that. Yeah, and she is like that and it was just the fact that Jessica wasn't saying. Hey, she would have liked I think ever would have if she just she wanted just gonna just come up and be like, hey, I still funds were born at if Jessica done that Amber would have more respect. I think you're absolutely right. She'd be like awesome spot on. Yeah. I mean, I don't know how just could have ever done that but I would have killed her but that's that was that Twas the piece. Yeah, if she just wanted honesty and her to be upfront. Yeah, she talks a little bit about how even in the house all the women were so supportive of each other right just like women power and we're all like in this weird spot. We all want to support each other and then Jessica's like dating Barnett and she's in a barn and she's like yo, that's okay. I still love and support you. Let's just not talk about the dates. Yeah. I was really interesting. Yeah, that seems like a fair request like Hey, we're in this like let's not do that. Yeah. Okay, so that was it. Now I think are I think viewers were looking for that interaction? They wanted to see what was going to happen between Jessica and Amber right? You are shy see all of it preach and preach the best so is yes Amber's right? She was sheisty and she was disingenuous him and Jessica also saw that in herself, and that's why I like I came around on Jessica's and I really did just she didn't fight back. She really just felt dumb. Yeah. She was like, I'm sorry. I couldn't even watch she couldn't mmm And she even said I have a note here that she said she was like, I think she fell down but she did say I was just happy to participate an experience that work for people she did say that so she's almost like hey, yeah, it made me look like an idiot but these people fell in love and there's something really good to be a part of her about that. Yeah. Yeah. I just thought okay. Yeah. I hope the best for her. I do too. Look I'm so insecure that when somebody like April reaches out and says I like your laugh on the podcast. It makes my way Frank. I'm like the same for all four hours. And so if people were doing what they did to Jessica to me, it would kill me. If I would kill me. I would go into a cave of depression. And so I'm really impressed how Jessica handled it. Yeah. Yeah good for her. Okay. So this was a really ugly. This was a question that I wanted more of to they asked who surprised you the most about what they looked like, so now everybody's kind of Dated everybody and then they end up getting to see each other. I think the first time when they're all in the resort in Mexico and remember us bringing that up after that episode, but they said who are you the most surprised by in everyone said everyone loved the Lord because I think they loved Lauren's personality how funny like dardanian liked her. And I think they were surprised at how hot she was. She's so fun and she's like quirky and relatable and down-to-earth and then you meet her like, oh my God, you're a model. All the dudes every little dude and then Cameron just like awkwardly touching her and like yo, my goofy ass one. What's up? I love it. I love it so much. Yeah. I wanted I wanted to hear from everyone on this. Yeah. So diamond diamond said Mark. Yeah. She said Mark. She's like MARSOC really? Good-looking. Hmm. And Nick was like, hey, you're both single. It's like hey, that's the best thing that anyone has said all night of The Two Hosts. Good work guys. Yeah lean in there a little bit anyway, so that was kind of funny. We did we were like, okay. Tell us more like what else? Who else are you surprised by? That's what I found on Damien and Kenny Daly Lauren for a long time. And I wish I would have seen some of that because it's yeah, we just listened to so Allison send us a link to this great interview with the Creator. Oh, yeah, and he said more is the name of the podcast. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, I should share it all like share it on Instagram or something. Yeah on Instagram by the way follow us blind dot I dot dues. That's right, but it's a great. It's great Insight, but he said, He does we would have had 20 hours of content just in pods. Yeah, he goes. It was like he goes you wouldn't believe it was like movies and store and TV storylines playing out inside a pot crying and laughing and staying up all night and falling asleep. And and so there was so much happening that we just didn't get to see which brings up an excellent point not to harp on the Bravo nailing the recap show and these guys dropping the ball, but show me some of that show me some of the unseen footage we have Hours of good content. Oh, give me some of that - yes, it would have been fun to throw it into some of these show me. Yo don't give me a Damien giving the shitty. Yoda impression show me we have it. Yeah, you're right. Show me only Clips. They showed was actually if that was a majority seen it. We've already seen it. Oh my gosh. Yes. Hmm. Okay. So Damien and Gigi, so we do get more time with them talking about their relationship, but what they did, Years, they just like relived their relationship on the show talking about their engagement and the pods and then some of the just reliving Altar and her being like this is bullshit. Yeah, our quota take back your bow, which I love so much but stick to that Gigi. Yeah. I just put brick wall. We need that they're back together, but I just can't Ways they I did like she talked about. Oh, she talk Nick asked about her proposing to him. And were you planning on doing that? She's know I really wasn't planning on doing that but he kept talking about he wanted to find his equal and I do I do think this is pretty okay. Yeah, you know and how when he did propose like she stepped in and proposed back and yeah, it's going to see that again and she did say he gets me you know, he sees me and he gets me yeah, just imagine if it were a dude who had more I don't know personality. Looks our family loves them. Well, you know, I don't know it's something something's there, but see to talk about they just weren't ready at the time. So they needed to get to get to know each other at their own pace. And that's why the relationships working. Now. What was really interesting about this segment despite his terrible part that went all the way to the back of his forehead was her him being I expected her to say I don't yes. I caught me off guard. Yes, so that was it. Think they acted they talked about how they both agreed right that they were on the freeway. There's no matter what we're walking away together. We're not getting married. That was what they do to that. I do she says I do. Well she just loved him. She did I think she got up there and was like here we are. Like I love you. We're gonna walk away. Let's walk away married and then he just broke her heart just crushed her been not enough because now they're still together. He he did say he said he wouldn't do anything. Differently, which I was like really but then he did thing no regrets ends up saying he ends up saying that he wished he'd hadn't had her to her like that. She didn't want her because of where we are today. I wouldn't change anything then it's a hardest decision. He'd ever made. I want a nickel Vanessa ask he still does job like we you know, the fans want to know is the Piggly Wiggly still your number one employer right now or you've almonds gonna be slinging Ottomans, what's going on right now? Is he I don't I don't know. I mean, I'm following him. He doesn't really he doesn't like post much he posed by the lady boys. Oh, yeah guys use commas are important and didn't just one sir. Shirtless. Selfie is the words like burned in my brain. Yeah, he's a good you guys know what I'm talking about, right? It's burned in our brain. No, it's not good. Mmm. I'm sorry, he's might he I'm not into him. He loved his age like 10 years last year. No. Yeah. Damn, you look pretty cool tonight. I've had some drinks. I'm sorry, but I'm just saying these things he dressed like a dad and he look like he's aged 15 years last 14 months. Well, I hope they're happy. Oh my God, you look so good. You're good My Gigi. Look at I love her natural hair. We got a few DM's about how good you look tonight. I have to agree. Mmm. She sure did. Okay. So let's talk about Kenny and Kelly have to yeah. This one's kind of interesting to me. Kenny I like Kenny's take away from the show. So he said he will never be embarrassed by anything again. So I think that what showed up when he got rejected by Kelly, which is a lot of embarrassment. He said that yeah and don't guilt and embarrassment you embarrassment it is front doing that in front of his family pulling his family into this process and that happening and you could tell that interaction with that producer how he was guarded after the, you know crushed who's embarrassed and It doesn't matter. Yeah, he does. I'm not going to talk to that. It doesn't matter. So his biggest takeaway. Yeah, like I'm not going to embarrass buy anything again and it set him up so that I think that heartbreak and realizing that there that it set him up to be more open into this new relationship. Sounds like they're in a really good place. It does I yeah to be honest. I I liked overall the show set these people up to be better off. Yeah. They always said this earlier they all talk about how much Better they are for being on the show and he seems to be like the flag bearer of this. And when do you see that on reality TV where you have this discourse at the end of a Show, excellent point as you ever seen that no. No, it's like junkie garbage stuff. It's like after Survivor like the contestants are getting together and being like I'm better off now only the winner. I'm not a hundred submissions or whatever, but I heard there's a dude Robin lost a lot of weight, you know better off now Rob is that it's diagnosed. Anyway, he gained a lot of weight. Okay, I won't survive around no, but you're right. It's like a really it's like garbage TV. You don't end up better off for it. But these people really genuinely seemed like more open and accepting and empathetic and help and their kidneys and agree with he is giving his Spiel tonight and despite not knowing what sugarcoating means I thought he's really articulate. He's really well spoken I can see why kill his mom said. Oh God. I love this guy because I do too. He just seems like a genuine down-to-earth likable dude, doesn't he? Yes, he does. He came across like that tonight and to his girlfriend's house to you. Come on the Pod would love to have you tell us about how open he is with you. It's a blind ideas at gmail.com. We can set that up. Yeah. Okay. This is coming up for me my joke real quick. It's into this Dynamic of a reality show giving growth to an individual. And then showing that I think this I see this on Bachelor, but they never really speak to it. It's like I notice it with the girls that get broken up with so Victoria AF should I even talk about it? We just had the women tell all and the the contestant that just got broken up with. She's like the third runner-up. She can't she showed up so much more mature. In this interview versus when she was on the show. So I think it does we just never acknowledged it. So with this I love this region show because they're actually acknowledging it and saying hey this with Kenny, it's like a lion's just heartbreak brings growth harangues like, you know, and it's a great quote that it does heartbreak brings grows. You like self-reflect and yeah, these people obviously did sure from it and Kenny. I'm really happy for you. Yeah, same and that girl. Really lucky it seems like she's really dumped him. Yeah, and he's better off. Yeah, we totally has Kelly then gets really emotional. Oh, yeah. She talks about having a lot of emotions for everyone. Yes, and she said taught reliving it brought up. So every emotion she did say that her and Kenny agreed to the I don't before the wedding, which is not true that can't be true. Look at how he handled the situation. He did not know that was gonna happen post it on social media too. We agreed before we were on the same. Same page like almost like on a defensive shaking defensive stance. Like I didn't break his heart wheat. He knew I was gonna say I don't there's no way he was heartbroken that was real that conversation with the previous are embarrassed and The Wine Cellar after the wedding where he's like, I don't know. Look she just broke my heart and I don't know if we'll ever be together. He was shocked. There's no way he walked in there knowing she's gonna say no there's no way and so she they said she said they agreed to I don't nope and then something about Out wanting to continue to date this is what confused me. Yeah. What was she talking about? There? Was she saying? Hey, we agreed that we would continue to date. She was look I said this to you during the thing. It sounded like she was saying after I said, no I wanted to date him and he was not open to that because that way you back from L. Okay. No, I know talking through it now. That's probably it. I thought maybe they agreed kind of like Gigi and Damian. He were not going to say I do we're going to say I don't but we're going to continue to do. Date. Okay, maybe that's what happened to I'm you know, I don't know. I'm just interpreting the Perry they were not they were not on the same page. If only we had like a host they could like a dive into some of the stuff and give the fans some effing answers here. Like ask her that oh my gosh. So wait a minute. Are you saying you wanted to date after you set come on Nick, right? Obviously Nick Lachey. Come on here, dude. Damn. I'm very worked up right now. Yeah. Well, you should be she'd be okay. Okay. So Amber Burnett, okay there for sure. They're our favorite. Right? Like I root for them because I have a thing for the underdog. Yeah and learning Cameron. Yes, of course. We love them but they also much fanfare and they're so perfect that I'm like, okay. I'm over that. I love a little bit of a project and I love a little bit of the underdog when it just feels more real. I got it does right everything can't be perfect forever. And you'll hate Kim spoiler alert. There's going to be 75 bazillion dudes spitting at your girl for the rest of your Life so good luck homey, ever Barnett feel like they went through this like she even said like it was really hard and I thought about getting a divorce and I was going to call and ask about getting a lawyer and it just felt look these guys are young. They're young. How old are you? I'm a brunette. You have no idea. I hate to put on the spot. Yeah. I've no idea any 528 more like yeah, I was gonna say twenty seven ish. Yeah, I think am restored Barn is 27. I don't know the inverse, but they're young till I go through this stuff and I felt like they It All Things Considered really well. Yeah and she said that she was like Hey, I'm proud of how far we've come because and was really real about just their life pre-show right? Like she's a cocktail waitress. He was a bachelor and she's like we live these lives and then we have to figure out how to live these lives together hang out and party together, you know, cause they're just he's like wheel that's what we like to do. We like to have fun. We like to laugh and we just it was Hard to figure out how to do that together her. I love them. I do too. I can't help it. I love them. Yeah, she says they butted heads a lot that could be really intense, but they just figure out how to handle that. And another big thing they touched on was just the expectations. They had of each other. Once they stopped forcing expectations. It was like they were free to just like enjoy each other. This is like an immature part of relationship and we've been seeing this on maths this season of like this is not what a wife does like a husband speaking doesn't know what a wife does. Well like fam it's not old. It's like your partner and they're a unique person the bring like unique things to the table. So you can't just like come in with this box. They have to fit in especially these two like they're really unique personalities. You got to figure out how the relationship works and not the role that you're going to play in it that that yeah, that's right. And I just picture this like opening like if you just if they just open to all the goodness that each of them has something they've gotten their beautiful thing, right? Yeah so good. To see and the struggle to get there. I think we'll just make them stronger in the end. I hope it works out for them. I'm to really rooting for them. Me too, but it's okay. If it doesn't yeah same yeah. Yeah. Okay, Jessica and Mark, so we dive into this relationship date. We watch it back. It's just I just become so obvious. I use the word conflicted with Carlton with Jessica. It's like she's just fighting against herself and works at that. Remember him saying like hey, I can see her fighting against herself. Mark could see it she just she just there's something about Mark she loved but she just couldn't she just couldn't get there in the Creator talks about this on that podcast. We just mentioned where there's more. I think that's the name of it where he's like, she had some doubts going in and she wanted everybody else to have those doubts and when she was reaching out to people Callie. Yes feel they're like, no things are great. And so she Like she didn't know what to do with them. She's like doubling down on her own doubt. Like wait is this not working for us because of that so she said and her words. She said I'm it was obvious. I was working through things. She's I didn't like what like what I saw and it was really disturbing. So for her watching it back was like, oh my gosh. Yeah, what a perfect view of your own dysfunction. Could you imagine I watch myself if you go in with the right intention, that's like think of how health Well, that could be in future relationships. Well, she's in a way better spy now. All right. It's like she could like to see like here's what I do to self-sabotage and of Gigi says that okay, but it's really Jessica Jessica it does it. So and then we get to the happy couple. Oh, yeah, hopefully like acto board Cameron and Lauren they have a puppy. So we got we got a baby boy, baby. What up, spark is so good. So good. They taught me to ask the host asked him about having kids and then talks about it. It could be Drake. It could be Obama. I love this one so much. It just shows the Warrens personality. She's fun this you said this right now in this moment in the recap here. You were like, they should host she should hope she's home and she's good. She is and Karen could uh stand by her side Cameron you love you look good. My guy you've like thinned out and bulked up somehow both those. Things you look good. Yeah, like you still like a goober and you dress like a dad like somebody get this guy an outfit that fits him what suit and shirt. Was he wearing tonight his dad's it's like embarrassing. He's this photo this photo going around a him in the joggers with the button-up shirt and the SKU jacket. Like I appreciate the progress that we've made this somebody help my guy here. Florida is helping him. She they talk about Thanksgiving and Thanksgiving with both. They just seem to be just to be thriving really happy. Then of course goes back to Vanessa Nick. We wanted to end with them and she's crying. I have thoughts on Vanessa having so many thoughts. Yeah, like was that the platform for her to just be On and on this is what they've set up all night, but no we don't care. If you don't some people care I shouldn't say that but all I wanted tonight was updates and like more about dingy and Gigi what's going on there? I'm worried about know how Vanessa felt about the experience just like you guys don't want to know how we feel about the experience. Here. We are. Okay, we're wrong all wrong judging Unison for that and there are whole platform. Thank you for embarrassing me in front of my 15,000 closest friends get the cast. There's on we'd be letting them talk exactly where exactly anyways they end the entering and asked everybody is love really blind. And what happens next everywhere is Amber both hands up the whole cast raises their hands Love is Blind. They believe it they believe as long as your 7 Love is Blind. Should we get into that? No, no another time in another time. Anyways, that's that was intriguing and how do you feel you feel satisfied? No, I want more. Or I want more to one more. How we gonna do that? I cannot believe they didn't announce the second season tonight. Oh my gosh. She's into Dallas. Come on how soon I they got to be going right? They got it going guys will just do like a quick check in every week with you guys. Just like a probably like a five minute podcast of us telling you how the weather in Salt Lake is yeah. It's it was for me to start so cakes. We don't want to lose this and we miss you. Yeah, we do. So keep in touch. Appala naidu's Instagram at blind dot. I dot dues blind ideas at gmail.com. We've been getting some emails. So fun the reviews reading. Oh my God. Yeah people send us articles and podcasts. They like is life-changing. Thank you. Yeah, so people complimenting me makes me yeah, I'd send me all the compliments. He no one needs it more. He meets a lot of affirmation and I just can't keep up from strangers. Thank you, sir. So true only so much love I can give you needs like all 14,000 of you know, the past 15 tonight. Why are you sure don't undersell us. Anyways k? Well it's been a lot of fun. Thank you. We could never have imagined. It'd be like this. So finish your blind date sighs we got blind days were going to read them next week. We're going to try it out and see how it goes. We're going to do a quick little weak check-ins mini some really really touching blind. So blind date stories. We're going to share with you. Give us more if you have them send it to us Gmail, but I do's Is at gmail.com keep them shortish because they're like hard to fault they get too long. So but those of you who sent them we love them. Seriously, they're like so fun during so thank you will be reading yours. Oh, yeah, it's really good. It's cute. Anyways, thank you guys. Hi guys, like subscribe. Tell your friends. See ya.