Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive InOn November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she described as an oddly dressed man walking out of the Hair Gallery. He is wearing a large black coat and possibly a tie.Pat and she thought it was weird kind of took note but was also just focus on getting her nails done and not paying much attention to it. So she goes inside and what she finds what scar her for the rest of her life on the floor in the entrance was 62 year-old Dorothy Harris and her throat had been slashed and she was laying in a pool of her blood. The customer goes a little bit further into the salon to get to the phone and call police immediately once a third. She is arrive. They find two more bodies Brenda patch. He was 44 years old and a manicurist there and then Cynthia paulus 71 years old who was a customer who came in for a weekly appointment. All of their throats have been slit and there is no sign of sexual assault or burglary 30 minutes prior to the discovery of the bodies Dorothy. The salon owner had stopped at her bank 20 minutes away. So this crime happened within a short period of time 20 minutes. A very short period absolutely like for the crime to happen and for the perpetrator to disappear, there is no apparent motive in these crimes police investigated and talk to friends and relatives of the women and they didn't have beef with anybody. There is no one who was out to get them. However, multiple Witnesses describe seeing a strange-looking man of the same description walking around the area and it was the description I gave you guys earlier that that Customer saw of the man coming out of the Hair Gallery. The only other piece of evidence that was found in the hair salon wear a pair of sunglasses that did not belong to any of the women. They put together a sketch of the man or suspect Person of Interest that people saw walking around town and are called show you it here and there's also a picture of the sunglasses to which I think look like men's sunglasses. I think that the sunglasses do look a little bit more. Maybe masculine but there are like, I know I think my mom has a pair like this from Oakley, and I know that they do different styles like that nowadays well, and that's the thing with sunglasses. It's not a very gendered product, you know, everybody kind of wears similar ones. Yeah, so it's hard to tell and it could have been left from a previous customer as well. Basically, please have just nothing to go on here. Some people kind of connect this crime to some similar. Ones that happen one in Great Bend, Kansas in 2002 a discount Bakery. It was called Dolly Madison cake discount Bakery and Witnesses saw a strange man, locking the front door of the bakery and coming out and telling a customer who's going to go in that the store was closed and they leave and later on a Delivery Man shows up and uses he had a key to go inside and found the bodies of Manny Alexander age 24, who is Clerk there and a customer Mary Drake who is 79 and they had been stabbed to death with a sharp object. What was similar with the bakery murders? And the salon murders is that there is no real motive that anybody could place there was in a robbery. There was a sexual assault all victims were either stabbed or had the throats cut. I don't think police linked them, but there is speculation and people believe that possibly they could be Late now police are made aware of Brian Weber who had lived in the area of the salon murders and was living in Nampa Idaho at the time which was about 400 miles away in but he was back in Florence Montana in the area around the time of the murders. He was a known meth dealer and pretty Violet and police brought him in to investigate him and he provided DNA and allowed them to search his vehicle and they didn't find Anything that was released to the public connecting him to the crime. However in 2003 and 2004 Brian is arrested for possession of drugs intent to distribute and more charges along those lines and he was given 24 years and 3 months and the locals in the area really firmly believe that Brian was the one who committed the floor it's murders and please start to try and build a case against him in. Thousand five they officially released him as a suspect. I guess prisoners from the same jail that Brian was serving at we're coming forward saying Brian had said incriminating things tying him to the Florence murders. Now another character part of this story is named Lincoln benavidez. He was also convicted on drug charges and him and Brian were known to kind of run together the da starts to try. Build a case against both of them saying that they murdered the women at the salon. I'm not sure exactly what the motive would be and I don't know that they necessarily had a motive to tie them but they were kind of basing it off what these other prisoners were saying and they basically told the core we want to keep them in prison while we build our case. So in my experience, you cannot trust a word that prisoners say I agree and so we're building a case on their word. Now that seems to be what they start forming it around investigators were trying to take their time building this case and then Brian's 24 year sentence got reduced on it a 10-year sentence because one of the charges got dropped and all of a sudden they're really trying to fight and build a case try and keep him in jail basically because people firmly believe that they had the salon murderer locked up. However, there's little direct evidence. There was some details that the court kept sealed that we don't About as always hmm and they kind of looked in the fact that Lincoln and Brian both had drug issues. They were violent and they were in the area at the time the murders they both left the area after the time of the murders. However, Brian and Lincoln both maintain their innocence and said they had nothing to do with it. Which I mean, does that ever mean anything? Nobody's gonna just be like, yeah. You caught me if there's no evidence against you. And if you are then I mean good for you for being honest, but but it's like, you know, it's not a smart thing to do in 2010 Federal prosecutors filed a motion that dismissed these charges and basically we're like, you cannot prove it Beyond a reasonable doubt that Brian and Lincoln were involved with the murders. We cannot actually try them for it. There's no actual evidence here. It was all. Stanshall and also a lot of it was just based on what other prisoners were saying and like we said you cannot take that as truth. That's not even I don't even you can take its partial Turkish. I think you just need to ignore everything that comes out of prisoners mouth, right? You know, there is no real motive no real ties. So they drop that. However, Brian and Lincoln both keep getting into trouble and go back to prison Brian was released in 2012, but then got in trouble. So again and was sentenced to another 15 years in prison. So a lot of people do believe it was him and think that the right person is in jail, especially people in the area Florence. However, the case remains technically unsolved and we're not exactly sure who committed these horrible crimes and why if you have any information or may know anything about the floor and Salon murders, you can contact the Ravalli County Sheriff's Office through their non-emergency number four zero six Three six three three zero three three, we want to take some time to introduce you to one of our sponsors and our personal podcast parent. Anchor is an all-in-one platform for creating successful podcast view your phone or computer. It allows you to record edit and distribute your podcast to list any medium such as Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more anchor is free easy and does not require a minimum listenership. They will even help you find other companies to sponsor your podcast so you can easily make Any download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started making your podcast. Thanks for listening to this week's episode of crime over coffee. You can find us on Instagram at crime over coffee or on Facebook at crime over coffee podcast where all of our photo and video content for each episode can be found. You can also email us your thoughts and case suggestions at crime over coffee POD at outlook.com. Also, all of our resources can be found in the show notes of each episode. If you would like you can support us by going to Anchor dot f m - crime over coffee donations are greatly appreciated and assist in making the podcast possible other ways to support us include recommending us to friends and family giving us a five star review on Apple podcasts and subscribing to us on your favorite podcast listening median. So again, thanks for listening and we'll see you next time.