Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short and on top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are To go guys. It's literally everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. Why would you go anywhere else? Why would you go anywhere else go to Anchored at FM to get started download the app and download the app. Cheers. I'm Robert our area I'm sabotage. It's Monday, March 2nd 2020 and it's another episode of casual for what are you drinking? I am drinking more sake sake sake sake wow. It's like a first episode it. It's my new go-to. It's just so much. It's like Better it's like my nice. It's so much. Is that a regular for you now if I have to drink three drinks for drinks and episode? Yes, it's going to be a regular. Yeah, it's we're drinking a lot. It's too much. This was your idea to drink have it. Yeah take I take the blame. Yeah, I'm drinking. I'm drinking a scotch again. Nice. Yeah. Anyway, let's talk. What do we got today? All right. So this week we're going to talk first. We're sending down with we're going to be sitting down with Lorenzo Tiana this week. Lorenzo is an incredible Broadway producers produce a lot of the plays that you a lot of the hits that you see on Broadway tonight shows like Hades town. Catch me if you can catch Buchanan Agents and a ton of these other incredible incredible incredible shows. He's also the managing director of game Jules. I want to talk to him about the Broadway game. Yes, that is great for on the bottle again. He's a very multifaceted man. Yeah, he's going to talk about how Broadway Works start to finish head to toe all the little things about it. But he's also the managing director of games which is the largest lgbtq+ Investment Group for startups. And so he's going to talk about lgbtq plus representation in Tech and how that's changed over time. But first we're going to talk about Bob Iger salsa. Favorite CEO find Steve Jobs behind Steve Jobs stepping down as CEO of Disney and what the other 1,300 CEO's that have stepped down this year why that's been going on and then after interview with Lorenzo, we're going to quickly catch up on coronavirus. Yeah, unfortunately. All right, Bob Iger, huh? So I'm sorry. I'm sorry Baba. Yeah. No it was first of all is weird because his contract didn't end doesn't until 2021. So everyone thought He'd be effectively CEO till 20 21, but he stepped down surprisingly this week and he put Bob capek who ran Disney Parks. He's now CEO. So I asked him. Why did you step down now? And I'll just wait till 20 21 and he kind of tiptoed around the answer. So I don't really know why he stepped down right now. I'm kind of curious but Bob was one of my favorite CEOs because it was really good. It was really good at three things. One he was extremely extremely focused and that's not easy when you're running a company as big as Disney and this guy had to deal with a lot of politics when he wanted to become CEO. So he was able to focus insanely and as a CEO you have to be able to focus and compartmentalize his thoughts. I read his book and in three days, I don't read any books in three days, but his book was amazing. So while he's able to focus and Compartmentalize his thoughts and he was always super cool. Like he'd always be really chill. He never he never played any games or tried to manipulate people. He was just a very straightforward CEO. So that was one one thing I liked about him too. He he was a really Innovative guy. So in his book, he talks about innovate or die innovate or die. You cannot win unless you innovate and that means taking risks and Don't take risks. You're not going to make it and so he would take risks all the time. Disney plus was a big risk for Disney. They make a lot of their money in, you know, giving out their content to other other channels other companies to use Netflix included and Netflix pay them billions of dollars to use their content in order to set the company up for the future. Not only did he take the content from Netflix and other channels and put it only on Disney plus but he also spent 70 1 billion dollars buying 20s. Terry Fox which is crazy the third thing I like about him is he is an excellent. Excellent Storyteller. He's an excellent almost like he runs a media company that tells great stories or something. That was what a funny that was one of his big big things. He bought Pixar because they his Pixar tells the greatest stories and when he saw that that worked he said, okay, let me try this again and then he acquired Marvel and lucasfilm and then 20th Century Fox. So he's a really great brand manager. He knows how to manage these. Brands like Pixar's Brands Cars Toy Story Marvel's Avengers and Iron Man and all those characters and Lucas film Star Wars and get the most bang for your buck out of these out of these companies out of these stories. So I mean eight out of the ten top box office movies are Disney movies and all under Bob Iger. God that must be like the coolest job in the world. It probably is the CEO of Disney. It's like second to like astronaut for childhood dreams. You know what I mean? I'm telling you one thing that I really liked that you mentioned about. Bob Iger was The compartmentalization side. Yeah life still happens when you start a company a thousand things are going to hit you at once in your personal life. And in your professional life own the same day. Sometimes within the same hour sometimes within the same meeting could be getting a text that could be some of the hardest news of your life and you have to stay calm cool and collected while you have to make important decisions in front of people. You can have a really hard day at home a hard day with your family and then you have to go to work and you're still responsible for some other family's livelihood. You have to make decisions. Asians at impact that it's an incredible responsibility and when you get to the point where you're up Bob iger's level you have tens of thousands not hundreds of thousands of employees at that point. You have to be an incredible decision maker. So who's very level-headed if you're going to be able to effectively be the head of a small government the first story he tells in his book literally you open the book to the first story. He talked about opening Shanghai Disney, which he spent a lot a huge portion of his career. Disney getting Shanghai Disney opened he had to deal with the government in China. He had to deal with getting the getting the land to build on it yet to get the funding from Disney's board. It was just a lot easier to do and finally came the time to open Shanghai Disney and that we can two things happen one the Fort Lauderdale shooting happened which which was which was tough for Disney because they have a lot of employees in that area and that weekend also a two or three year old boy died. After an alligator attack at a Disney park and so he had to deal with those two things at the same time that he was having the biggest moment of his career and he did it. He did it. He worked with his team is a very good team. He called the parents of the boy and tried to calm down the situation which is not easy for CO2. I mean call the parents that's that's wild and that's also one of the reasons I love him. He always did he always still doesn't let me steer still alive. I still doubt he'd always does the right thing so, But he's one of the CEO's that are stepping down. I mean there's a lot of CEOs stepping down this year 1300 CEOs to be exact wild. A lot of CEOs big question is why is that happening? So Claire accent at MBC? She actually did a pretty comprehensive report into this and what she found is that it's really happening for kind of three big reasons. There's no like one killer reason why every single CEO all of a sudden step down, but there's really three big things that have happened at the same. Time the first is the me to movement. You're seeing a lot more accountability in the Executive Suite you're seeing CEO's that had to step down. They resigned in Scandal. Bob Iger had to fire oreste John Lasseter to step down. John Lasseter was one of the founders of Pixar the brain child behind Toy Story cars The Incredibles basically all of this and all of Pixar's greatest movies asked him to step down which is crazy at the time Neil man. Oh actually sir. I actually talked about this little bit he said, Here she told me she said quote you could say there's a cancel culture in the boardroom boards have been to compliant and they're finally recognizing it's their job to be vigilant about the chief Executives misbehavior. That's a pretty pretty important new wave that you're starting to see let's just what is the bottom line and more? How how are you leading? Are you leading with your morals? The other reason is that exit packages right now? We're just too good right now. It's like his stocks are at flock options plans are are more valuable than ever at a I'm with the which stocks are rallying. There's uncertainty about the future of the economy. And so you have a lot of the CEO saying okay, you know, I'm out may as well get out now like why why why why wait this one out and see what who where I could get out. Now I could retire with my legacy intact and with my stock options fully value that you know the peak of their value why not? And so you're starting to see a wave of people leaving for that reason and then the last one is from Jeffrey sonnenfeld. You're gonna love this one some grease on it. Old is he's been studying CEOs at Yale since the 70s and he says to study very specific. Yeah, but he said that it's basically just a simple as like a stock pop CEOs change in CEOs means a change in leadership in the company's means a change in culture means it change it how they measure success and if a company goes a little stale not necessarily doing poorly if it starts to go stale they'll bring in a new CEO to shake things up. He said quote they go for the symbolism of of sacrificing a CEO that just creates disruption and many many good people have been forced from office she saying they're getting rid of the CEOs just to make the stock pop because I guess good for morale you're changing the culture different person in charge. Yeah, I don't know if I go for that unless the companies having major issues. Let's become a big problem and they do a huge CEO change then I understand it but to just get rid of someone who's doing a pretty good job to make the stock Pop. I don't know. I don't know seems short-sighted. Yeah. I mean, I'm a big fan of the turn around again. I'm a fan of Steve Jobs and when Steve came back to Apple totally reinvigorated the company, obviously anyway, That's Bob Iger and CEOs. What do you think snacks for Bob Iger? I think he's gonna run. I think he's gonna run for office. He's been talking about it for a while never pulled the trigger. He was flirting with a 2016 campaign and then extended his contract. I think I think he's going to run for office. I don't know president. Maybe he'll run for mayor maybe you'll run for Senate but he's definitely going to run for office got the presidential look presidential look presidential demeanor. He's got the presidential temperament. I vote for him. I mean, obviously I'm a fan put if you don't know I As a fan sweet, so guys we're going to be sitting down with Lorenzo right after this again. Lorenzo is the managing director of gainesville's the largest lgbtq+ Investment Group in the country also a Broadway producer whose producing some of the most incredible plays that are alive today. So stick around. Yep. And we are back today. We are sitting down with Lorenzo T own a Lorenzo. Thank you for coming in. Hey guys, thank you for having me. It's great that so what are you? What are you drinking tonight? I am being really boring and I'm just drinking a vodka soda. There's nothing wrong with that. I its own it. I've consulted with lime was my go-to drink for like five years and you still is it still is my go-to drink for a lot. Although I'm a fan of a Moscow Mule but tequila tequila has I mean, it's okay. Not my not my favorite tequila. So divisive. Yeah, but I mean one bad experience with the kids like Jan is really divisive. Really I think Jim is like the vanilla ice cream of alcohol. No, that's a bug like that is so everyone gets like a gin and tonic. It's like something easy. It's so I don't know. Maybe it's just like the gay world but vodka soda is just like the go to dress it. Just angling tell you I'm about yeah my vodka soda with lime. That's everything to be the so we already give the audience kind of like a quick overview and bioview but time is something that the bio didn't tell you. That I can't find any LinkedIn that I can't find on your website and I can't find on the games website. I am a passionate sailor and Snowboard skier. Those are my two favorite places in the world are the mountains and the oceans. So if you if I you know, if you want to find me happy you find me on a boat in a sort of a remote place or you find me on the powder snowboarding. So like anywhere but Manhattan, yeah, I'm in Manhattan is where I have to be. Yeah. Morales is where I choose to be. Why do you think maybe I should wait till you get a little further down in your drink? Why do you think those are places that you find? So I mean a lot of it. I think it's just because I grew up going to both I would spend my Winters skiing with my family and my Summers sort of sailing or I'm boat on the boat and started and that combined with just I don't know kind of mounting appreciation for nature. Archer having lived in you know, big City's bustling places like all my life. I think they just create a perfect. I don't know the perfect connection to Nature and the space and you feel like sort of reverted to a more primitive kind of like really Primal connection with the with nature. And you know, I think my favorite thing in the memory and the entire world has been sort of a boating trip in Tahiti. It's just like it's literally Paradise. That's amazing. Yeah, I always had the biggest the biggest mountain I've ever climbed the thickest on 86th Street. So there you go. That was something that was not in my website, even though I was a track for a bit, undoubtedly the so how do you how do you manage all that? You do every single day. I think I just want to start out there because you do so you do so. So many things there is Lorenzo the managing director of gainesville's Lauren a Serial entrepreneur and Lorenzo the Broadway producer. Yeah. I am fortunate enough that I've been able to kind of put myself into things. I feel very passionate about and I'm a good multitasker which is it's good and bad. I am able to context switch between things very effectively that allows me to go from you know, being in the middle of a production Broadway or writing a show or working on something really You live in the world of entertainment to like looking at a cap table or talking to an entrepreneur or whatever. It is. Also the one thing that I found totally counterintuitive, but the more I sleep the more able to do more. I am love that like everyone is telling every single yes, he told me get more sleep get more sleep talking in Kara. I'm not going to do it. I can't do I get I get like five hours of sleep. Yeah. I mean that was probably me when I was your age, but talk about how Ow, gainesville's came to be and why game jal's eaten to be I mean, it's no secret that in almost every single Arena of Life aside from Justin business. The the lgbtq+ community is underrepresented or certainly under resource. So, what was the Catalyst for? Yeah, I'm Jules and what kind of impact of so and start out it. Yeah. It really kind of step for my personal. It steps back one sort of notch back to the Genesis of start out. So I started my first company and sell silicon. In San Francisco back in 2003 2004 right and I had come out maybe three or four years prior to that. And once I once I was out I was out there was no going back. But you know, I found myself in a pretty sort of certainly Progressive understanding environment the San Francisco Bay Area. It really didn't factor into my thinking that much I started my company feel it. I didn't I didn't feel like I needed to be in the closet. With anybody I knew that included the people. I hired my employees my investors board members and so on right but when I very quickly realized back then was that my experience was not that typical I had several friends who you know, we we're meeting Founders. We were meeting, you know, like investors. There was a great entrepreneurial Community back in the early 2000s in San Francisco. And I had of course an overlapping Network between the For nouriel world and my gay friends lgbtq community and I found that several people. We're like no. I'm in the closet with my board members. I'm in the closet with my investors. I'm in the closet with my with my employees. I don't want it to come and and it was really strange because I was trying to figure out both psychologically and in practice. What was the reason why people felt that way and I felt like well, maybe I kind of understand You've got these like investors maybe they're from a part of the country that you know, whatever you have. Some fears are well-founded and in other situations, it felt like those fears were not at all placed into anything that was real. So it was like almost self-doubt that came in between and people felt like it felt like people were not being able to be the best CEOs Founders entrepreneurs because they were constantly worrying about all this other stuff that was not and it was really Interesting when right around the time I sold my first company. I met a few other entrepreneurs here in New York City. We kind of got to talk and their experience was similar and they felt like there was no place or no structure for LGBT entrepreneurs to come together and meet others who had the same experience. It was really interesting is that there has been this model as existed time and time again for other affinity. Oops there where and there are great organizations that help women sort of through their entrepreneurial journey and connect with other women who share that same experience, but also other affinity group tides for example to national origin. So there was an organization that we kind of modeled start out after called Ty Ty stands for the Indus entrepreneur and was a group of Indian American Indian entrepreneurs that came together at a time when like they were in getting as many opportunities as People weren't investing them as much and felt like there was strength in that connection of people that share that same experience. So that's how start out really was started and I was on the board from the very early get-go start out was always centered around things like education sort of helping people kind of know what goes into starting a company networking finding other people who share that I same experience, maybe, you know finding jobs or hiring people. Connection to mentors and mentoring others, which was huge and everybody's lgbtq. So at everybody is either algae BT Q or there is a positive bias towards the lgbtq community. So allies are a big part of it. But it's you enter coming into an environment where you know, that being gay or being a lesbian or bisexual queer becomes almost an asset an acid in understanding someone else's experience better. It was really interesting. I mentioned those two friends who you know felt like they had to be in the closet and I remember very specifically asking them. Why like, why are you why do you feel this way and they couldn't quite answer the reason of why they felt that way but they asked back a question say well, I don't understand what's in it for me. Like why should I risk it? It's a downside right? Like they felt like it was all down sigh and specifically what I set out what I and the other owners of start out set out to do was to create the upside to create a reason why people would actually take on the risk if there was any by virtue of hey I get to network with these other great CEOs or these investors where I got my mentor or I have a network of people that are willing to help me right and so it's kind of like creating a little bit of a positive sort of Association and right so I was on the board Earlier on with David Beaty got it who was on the board of start out and he was kind of in my ear from the very GetGo kind of telling me he's just fantastic British accent. Absolutely. It's Irish. But you know, is it really bad with accent? And he takes a wild understand what the hell he said after you get used to it and then it's okay. I get a lot of pushback in a lot of different ways right start out got a lot of pushback like got pushed back from friends that were gay that ask me. Why do we need it or more things like isn't it? You know sort of self-segregation or you know, kind of and I always I wouldn't even say that because I'm not getting no. I'm an active member of gamejolt, but it matured now to that rights, right and it kind of felt to some people reacted as if like, well we Be not, you know focus on what makes you different or what makes you sort of unique or a minority and just focus on the fact that we're great entrepreneurs and that's all true. But remember for years, for example, the fact that Tim Cook was gay. I was very well-known. Yeah, but he would refuse to come out and acknowledge it in any public setting he's excused sort of privately was always it has no bearing On my job and while is absolutely true, there is a fundamental value in someone like Tim Cook coming out. It was crazy when he did that it right. It was like it was pretty amazing. I remember reading that pletely changes the dynamic of what representation is and almost I would for him. No, he didn't need to do it. He did it for others absolutely did not need it need to do it for him. But he almost had a responsibility to do it for others right to basically show you. Whatever people held as a belief of what a stereotype of gay men was was certainly sort of, you know, thrown out the window the CEO of the most valuable company in the world at the time. It was gay a gay men and out in gay men and it's just a drastically different way of, you know, sort of looking at what's possible. For example for a gay kid in high school who's looking at what their options in terms of what their career is. And there are looking at the trade-offs between being out and being in business or going to business school or starting a company and all of that so visibility and representation and telling the stories and propping up the stories of success of LGBT leaders was always a big part of start out and of gay Jules. How do you deal with how do you deal with push back? Personally, I mean or in business when what is the what is the core principle? That's like know it's like I don't care what other people think or it's just straight passion that I don't think about it. I don't know that I have a great answer for this, but I can tell you that one way I've That has happened several times in my life several times in my life. And I think that this is ultimately the best way in which you change people's minds and you make progress is you let people see you for who you are and you let people like you and appreciate you for the substance of what you do and what you stand for and what you do for them or with them and whether it Is comes in early or late or in the middle of a relationship or a report? The fact that you're gay is just part of your identity, right? So in circle several circumstances, I had to interact with people who who's reaction and whose attitude towards the LGBT community was definitely not inclusive and I'm you know without ever making it a secret it just probably enter the conversation at a later stage than at the beginning by the time that they had just already appreciated come to appreciate come to like come to sort of seek out my collaboration require preparation and work with them and you know, by the time they realized that I was gay that I had a partner or whatever it is. It completely shifted their attitude towards it because they now had to reconcile whatever opinion they had of the person with whatever pre opinion or Read judgment and Prejudice. They had of The Stereotype and the category so that I found you know, ultimately though is you can't make people like you you can't make people think what they don't or they don't want to some people believe that they can. Yeah, I mean, I just think that there's energy better expense sometimes better spent somewhere else, you know, like you you just do your thing. You're a good person you work well with others you're you know, you you you uphold your work ethic. And your work and the way that you want to be perceived and seen and everything else just becomes part of your identity. And if they don't like you they don't want to do business with you. Well their loss well said Yeah, I mean, I honestly think that the progress in the performance of what Jesus has done over the course of the last four years is Testament and proof that not just there is a shifting tide of attitude. But also the fact that we are putting together great investors with great companies and great core investors and we're able to effectively effectively create Community which everybody at in whatever environment. Today want Community because it's all about people working together and people becoming sort of able to do things together. There are greater than what they could do on their own so create a community that invests for better meaning the best opportunities that are out there. We want to maximize and realize great profits, but at the same time create social change for the better by being able to support and influence companies with greatly LGBT. Ship to be supportive and inclusive diverse teams and part of I think a corporate Trend which is one that we want to support to create great diverse and inclusive teams. Yeah, and I think I think there's a lot going I think there's a lot going forward there, especially with what Goldman Sachs just said, they're not going to invest or that going to take any companies public without at least one or two women on the board. That's awesome. You know that was creating diversity in boards. I Gender representation matters I think ethnicity representation matter and I do think that sexual orientation when it comes to lgbtq community as broad as that umbrella is really does matter to because ultimately these are all different and diverse perspectives that make these companies much more effective. I'm very proud of Hades Town, even though I'm just one piece of a large producing team. It's one of my favorite shows you need Tell me what that means. I think a lot of people don't know what happened to but I hear the term producer thousand different terms around every single thing. Could you tell me what is a producer and yeah, you do exist. So so you think about a show having like being a company, right? And someone has been from the very GetGo kind of thought this is an opportunity. There is a vision there's an idea. I want to put together this team. I want to put together the money, you know that guy. That girl is a CEO founder, right and every Broadway this for every Broadway Broadway show and that person probably has got you know, a VP of product somewhere. Like it's like Chief product officer. That's kind of like the author, right? So you've gotten the author of the show like that built the product along with the director and their entire sort of Team then you've got your you know, CFO /co oh that's like the general manager of the show, but the CEOs still like the person that kind of put it all together right got it one of the responsibilities of a start-up CEO as well, you know is to raise money. Yep, of course and who do you raise money from you go and raise money from venture capital and investors whatnot and often when someone invests enough money in your company, what do they get they get a board seat. Right? Right. So that's kind of typical so you can kind of make that same sort of connection to how a show gets funded. You've got the CEO it's called the lead producer normally called the producer whatever there's usually one or two of them. Maybe it's a handful. It's kind of a partnership. So you've got your founding team that way and they have all the responsibility for raising money, but they'll raise money in from a group of other people who are bringing in significant amount of significant amount of money. Those are the co-producers my and they get a board seat, right? So they get to be a part of the decision making and the sort of overall strategic sort of path without being in the day-to-day making the decisions that are operational God it's there. So they're making changes to let's say the story of the show or how certain characters represented in the show distribution. So you let your product team build your product, right? You don't get like over micromanaging of over your product team, but if you've got like big sort of thoughts about where the product is going. That's absolutely the prerogative. Of the producer to talk about it with their you know director their author and whatnot. So there's definitely that responsibility largely the co-producers have a responsibility that's advisory like happens for a board member and financial. So, you know, I was the lead producer of a show called Allegiance, I co-wrote and produced a show called allegiance. That was really like my show from the very beginning the beginning from the very beginning. I'm doing that with a new show now called indigo. But for Haiti stand down, I was fortunate to you know be able to be early enough in the process to kind of come in and know the the lead producers and I'm part of their co-producing team. It's is this a we having like are we having a boom in I guess I don't see the Broadway industry because that makes it sound too. That's what it is. It's the bra. Yeah, it's the brought but but ever since Hamilton, I think there's so many more people getting in this game. So the Broadway industry has been an expansion for the last 20 years. I think it kind of really started in like right after the sort of September 11 kind of and the doc cam sort of boom kind of sort of collapsed and then you had like this trough right in terms of like people feeling like they weren't spending money on things like Broadway and entertainment, but you know, if you look at 2003 since and then now there's just been a growing sort of trend the industry has had more audiences coming every year more occupancy in all the Broadway theaters more shows. To find distribution and probably the primary driver of the booming sort of volume of business has been the tickets prices, of course up and up and up and up and up and up and we can talk about all day how that might not be good. But ultimately it's a market right and prize tickets prices are priced at what people will pay for them give and the demand and the supply and certain tickets like Hamilton will sell for $800 and which is still wild and certain others will not so but you can absolutely make the case that the business has been growing and Hamilton has been part of that huge success continues to be but it's not the only show that did tremendously well over the course of the last name some of the shows that you've been a part of this I mention Allegiance and Hades down. I'm just in the coal production team of the Broadway adaptation of mrs. Doubtfire, which is happening right now. I am also very very proud of my involvement with two amazing plays that we are playing earlier this year one is slave play which was playing earlier and last fall and then the inheritance which if I don't know when this is actually going to go live but like if people haven't seen it yet and it's before March 15, I strongly recommend go see I before it closes come out before March great. Alright, so today is before March 15. It means you still have some days left before. Or before we closed on March 15 and it's just one of the most incredible pieces of theater. I have ever had the knowledge to see and the fact that I'm a part of it. I it's just an enormous privilege. Is this may be a stupid question because I really am not I'm not an expert at all in the Broadway game, but there's only a finite amount of theaters. Yeah on Broadway. Absolutely. If like you said the person that wants to start the show the CEO quote-unquote of the show, they can't just decide I'm going to go start it because it's only a finite amount of theaters. That's right. How does that work? How does that work so quickly, how do you become a famous Broadway? Yeah. I mean literally when I decided to start my first show in to write and produce my first show I knew nobody and I had never done this and I literally just said I'm just gonna do and go and do it love it. We we love that. That's all that's our whole. I might end the biggest bottleneck by all measures was indeed the point where the show was done. Most of the capital was raised. We had developed it. We had done and out of town and we just needed a Broadway Theater and it works as sort of things work in this world when the constrain is Supply and there are so many people wanting it. There's a little bit of a waiting game involved and Being yourself in ways that maybe kind of lets you stand out. So, you know, most of the theaters on Broadway are owned by a handful of like conglomerates and people and so you at least have a just a handful of different interlocutors. You actually have to go to it's almost like, you know big real estate game, right and you build relationships with everybody which we had done and I think that it already was clear to people the show was worth it in terms of like getting a chance the question is how many other people Are waiting for theater as well? And why should I give you a theater versus someone else? Right. So I kind of I did two things one is I kept at it. I literally went and visited people every three weeks for two years. I was basically saying hey got a theater yet. Hey the theater. Yeah, they get annoyed. They're like, oh my God. This guy's back. Well, I think maybe I wore them down. I don't know but it's not it works. But the other thing I really started kind of trying to get creative. So I remember Being out of a meeting kind of really frustrated and feeling like I don't know like it just I don't know what I can do to push this forward. There's nothing that I that is in my control. I'm like if I could just you know be selling tickets to a show at least they would know there's demand out there but I can't because I don't have the show. Can I so I basically came up with this crazy idea we had built the show was centered around the Life of George Takei right and in the meanwhile. While we had also built the entire social media for and with George Takei. So those social media is I mean George Takei social media, that's my fault. Yeah, my wife and I have been following you on Twitter because people are on Twitter and we came up with the site concept that you know, George just like super funny and super direct and so authentic and we like George We can turn you into the gay Asian Betty White and we kind of did but yeah, yeah, we got him on Twitter. We got them our signs of help them Howard Stern's huge fan. So what happened, you know, we had massed this fan base for George and we had been talking about Allegiance and all that and we said, let's go out and sell a priority access pass we Has like $95 and people got a number to be in line to buy tickets to the show when they would go on sale before everybody else, but the show is not official yet. No, we didn't have a theater. We didn't have like all you got is like you got in line to buy ticket to the show at a hypothetical point in the future. And I forgot how many we sold but I think we sold 30,000 of amazing so you can follow Moore's. I mean, you literally can't fill a Broadway Theater for that long because you're selling 10,000. It's a week, right but it showed a real demand out there and I remember walking into the room with the theater owner. And the first thing he said to me was like so I hear you've been selling tickets already and I think that a good was he happy or was he was not upset but, you know certainly kind of felt like the spunk and kind of like the the sort of right shoots by I'm like going out and being like I can sell tickets with show even though I don't you know, I think that said, Something about how determined we we're about getting this and that's what you need to do as a start-up entrepreneur in building a business or building anything that's kind of the mindset you have to do but and I feel like you know, hopefully it'll be easier the next time I need to find a Broadway Theater, but that's how I got my first one. I just think it's incredible the so what's next for you? What are you most excited about right now? So the two things that I'm the most excited are really seeing an explosive massive growth for gainesville's. We did a great we had a great year in 2019. We helped people invest 20 million dollars in 50 plus companies alongside with us upside of being lgbtq. Yeah. I mean, these are great companies all of them we call, you know, we say these are companies that Embrace LGBT leadership wealth. / yes. Yes just an issue that is now called something else. Actually there can't be no. No, no not captured Orchard. Tortured tortured each canopy Orchard, but so, you know LGBT founded with LGBT leaders or trying to diversify their team. So really excited about like, you know, driving the next value in terms of like helping these team succeed, you know, hopefully this year will be another year of like massive success and will grow and will do more deals and and bring in more investors, which is awesome. Um, so that's one thing that I'm very excited about and on the on the sort of theater side. I'm truly excited about a new show. That is my company. That is my show like I get T Ln a like theater production company, right? So it's instead of being a co-producer on someone else's show. I'm back on the lead in the lead seat for a new musical called Indigo like the title like the color. And look I love shows that have substance to him like there's drama. There's beautiful music but there's a message and there's a challenging story behind it because I think that's how people get could emotionally connect two stories is with you no drama and beautiful music and this is a story of a young woman. Emma is a 16 year old girl with a very severe case of autism. She is completely Nonverbal, so she is unable to speak. She doesn't communicate with others through language. She's been so since she was a little girl but the theatrical sort of device and and sort of conceit is that the audience gets to be inside her head. So she does sing and the audience understand how she feels wow, even though nobody else does around her right and it takes place when she loses her father whose early caretaker and so she finds herself alone in the world. Old and thrown into a new family who's connected to her through a godmother. Her name was had been left behind as the woman to call in case of an emergency so they take her there and when she arrives the woman is an early onset Alzheimer's patient that lives with her daughter and her daughter's husband. The girl doesn't speak and the woman doesn't remember so the job falls to the daughter and her husband to piece together the past Miss Secrets who? This girl is and how they are connected and to make a family out of it. It's really truly beautiful about what is what does it really mean to be able to communicate and connect with someone else and to understand the world from the point of view of someone whose perception of the world is so different than yours. And one of the things that I'm the most proud is that we just recently completed a reading in New York City of the show with In the role of Emma the young woman we had completed successfully a nationwide search for an actress who identified on the Spectrum on the autism spectrum for the role and we found this incredible young woman from Indiana came out and held her own with a wonderful room full of Broadway veterans and people thought wow. She's like such an incredible finds. So we're very excited about that when you get invited to the Tonys, can we? Yeah, well, you know, hopefully it'll be be still a few years out but I have to tell you I have to tell you something I grew up I grew up my family and started a school for children with autism we played a large role in starting a school for children with autism one of the first schools to couple a ba in floor time as a new approach and I remember at the time should probably tell them that none of this was planned that I don't have ever not because I am never mentioned this to you yeah no never mention the seasoning so this is like real on there that's that's what we're all about and I remember at the time there was there was and this isn't very long ago right I'm 22 this is a decade and a half ago a decade ago there was very little research into autism now you're not only seeing research you're seeing representation that's really incredible and yeah I can't wait to see it yeah it's it's truly it's truly something special the show's called Indigo we hope to go out of town sometime later this year do a production somewhere and then I mean to New York in a couple of seasons and hopefully it'll be on Broadway other I cannot wait it's gonna be amazing so Russian final question we ask all our guests this question if yeah every episode but is entrepreneurship born or made and you can't say both it is caught like a disease I like that it's an incurable disease you catch a you can't chest NG I don't even know I don't even that's like this is so different than anything we've ever got I love that yeah no seriously like it's so much part of the world you are into I don't think that I knew when I was a child that this is what I wanted to do actually one of my childhood dreams in terms of what I would grow up and be four years was to be a film director which I separate story got To be but dreams, you know in a lot of ways I can see why I liked it. I tend to like telling people what to do, but I just thought just great but it's a I just didn't know that what I would like to do was to start companies and but I but it happened to me and I once it did it was so clear. That's who I was and what I wanted to continue to do. So, I feel like it is a bug and once you have it Resign yourself. Thank you herbal love that. I love it. All right Lorenzo. Thank you so much for coming in and taking the time for us. Thank you guys for the drink. Thanks for having me Cheers Cheers. And we are back with casual Port that was Lorenzo. What a guy at a really passionate guy took just passionate about what he does every day. She's always great to talk to people that are passionate about with it's just nice. I was like, yeah, I re I really admire a lot of the things that he's doing right now, especially the representation for the autistic Community. Yeah, let's talk about let's do it. Let's talk about coronavirus. Yes. I have a Corona with me. He's actually drinking Corona in celebration of this episode not in celebration in accordance. This episode Solace drinking some Corona right now Kuroda. Yeah, it doesn't it. I don't like it here. Yeah, I don't think I'm allergic to be really I was like a you're not missing anything. I know Gabby shot on in college though. But anyways, nice coronavirus a lot of things are going on with this aside from just the 84,000 people that have been infected with this about 2900 people have passed away from this at this point gluing the first recorded death in the United States at this point now Mark, it's are getting pummeled tanking tanking because of it four point three trillion dollars of value have been wiped off the stock of off the stock market. We have no idea when it's going to end in there's no visibility until when this big big dip is gonna is going to really end. This is the worst week for the stock market since the 20 2008 crash. Actually. Really? Oh, yeah, so like were so then Ebola were so no. I mean, I don't even think those those did anything to the market now, this is way worse. I think first let's talk about the cordilla virus and then and then let's talk about the impact on World Markets. But the first I think everyone thought this thing was just going to pass me included. Yeah, I think everyone was just like, oh, you know, it's fine. You know, we don't think it's gonna get so bad and then, you know just this week alone. It was a mess. I mean, it was all over the world Italy had tons of reported cases. We had more reported cases here in the US the Health Organization is basically saying this could become a pandemic which is just wild. I think people are stocking up on food not think they are they are which is crazy by Costco. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah definitely by Costco stuff, but we don't make it that we don't we don't give it only buys anything absolutely not but it's becoming a problem and we my company we make products in China and we're having problems. We can't go there people can't keep our people can't come here. It's like an actual. Like material impact on the way you run your business. Yeah, no an apple announced that they're not going to be able to hit earnings numbers that they said they were Microsoft said the same thing tons of companies are saying they're not going to hit the numbers and this is going to this is this is going to impact a lot of things. I I hope week or two it'll quiet down. If not, this could become a big problem. Yeah. I mean looking back at other epidemics in the past. Yeah the trend the quota. Trent the Epic - yeah, the past Charles Schwab track the msci all countries World index. Okay, and that's an index about 2700 companies from around the world. Basically The Benchmark for how Global business is doing. Okay, and what they found is that the index actually ends up gaining believe it or not gaining about point four percent in the month after an epidemic 3.1 percent in the next six months and then about 8.5 percent a year later. So generally markets do stabilized. Or even see a positive a net positive at the end of this. I think the markets falling one because of coronavirus and to I think the market needed a break. Anyway, I mean, I think it was looking for an excuse to correct itself last week. We were talking about the coronavirus. It was a big deal not as big as this week, but the week before it was still a pretty solid deal Market was up every day last week. So I think that let's see how this plays out. But a lot of great companies are getting getting hit hard and they're still great companies like apples down like 15-20 percent since this thing started and apple still a great company and the coronavirus is not going to mitigate that I never understood that what do you mean? I never understood why Look, like if you're investing into a company you're investing to the company because you think that the core value of the company is worth x amount. Yeah, right, whatever valuation you signed to it. I don't really truthfully I don't understand how short-term world events like this are going to impact a company's valuation. I can understand like yes, they impact business but that short-term like you're not valuing the company or at least you shouldn't be valuing the company. Off of a temporary dip in their last quarter's supply chain efficiency or like a temporary dip in revenues or profits like it doesn't make sense to me because that's that's just not long-term at all. Like if you think about where liquidity events going to happen if you're looking at a company, it's going to be in the long term and well, I guess in the stock market cash out your shares so short but but valuation shouldn't reflect like a three-month halt on a company operating at Peak efficiency. It doesn't make sense to me. That's how the stock market works. Well it's done for okay, great the entire the entire system is no immediate. It's fucked. There's no reason why we should ever be this short-sighted as investors and as Leaders of organizations when you have to make important decisions, you should not be making those important decisions thinking holy shit. How am I going to report on this in three months is the value of my company get a tank because of a bunch of hype around one decision that's being made or about one thing. That's absolutely in up not in my control. That's bullshit. And that's Responsible way to run a company Warren Buffett wasn't even phase. They asked him this week about the coronavirus. He's like, yeah, it's just another thing but he's always he's always confident. He's a confident guy about the American Stock Market and and capitalism in general. You know good for him he had for him. Yeah. Well, that's why he's the most successful. That's why I never successful best. I like. Oh, yeah good for him. You know, he's gonna do sale but he's gonna be he's gone places: places that weren't Buffett guy keep an eye out for him. The only thing that spreads quicker than the coronavirus is fear. And if this thing gets worse, the market will get worse, but you'll still be able to buy companies at a great value It Go on a shot take advantage take advantage, but I'll go not yet but take advantage of that yet, but take advantage of the fact that people are are super short term and in the long term things are still great. The economy is still great companies are still growing and yeah, just take advantage. All right, I gotta get I gotta get to a wedding you go to your wedding. We are going to wrap up Tasha. It's not my wedding. It's about Johnny get that straight. It's not I'm not getting married. I'm not getting married. Just putting that out there. Let's wrap up casual Port from here. Thank you everybody for listening. Our theme music is by Daniel learner. Our album art is by Evan Barn s and I saw on Instagram at casual poor pod follow us on Twitter at Kennedy or like subscribe share all of it. Like subscribe share comment download the episodes do anything you want to them just do something with them. Yeah. All right, we'll leave it at that and we'll leave it at that. He guys next week. We will see you guys next week. Cheers.