one two threeHappy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks about not allowing fear to stop. You not allowing your past to hold you hostage and definitely don't let comparison which as Theodore Roosevelt said is the thief of all joy to stop you. However, I allowed comparison to stop me. So I said, you know what 20/20, you know, we've all heard the cliche Clear Vision get Claire get clarity and all that good stuff. I said, you know what I'ma roll with it, and I am not going to any longer allow comparison or Are to stop me and it is time for me to bring everything out into the world that God has put inside of me. So I'm launching this podcast Tuesday with Tameka. It is going to be on point. We are going to have fun. There's it's just going to be an amazing time. We're just going to sit down and let's talk about it. Like there's so much to talk about. So let's talk about what is going on in our lives. But before I get into all of that in case you don't know Oh me. My name is Tamika Michelle. I am a motivational speaker and author a mother a wife the list goes on and on a big sister. There's so much about me and I just I truly believe that with all of that. God has created me to be the bridge over troubled water. So I like to take people from one place to the next. So that's what we're going to be doing in this podcast. We are going to be starting where we're at and moving on to the next. So like I said, today's topic we are going to be talking. A little bit about goals, but most importantly the theme of today's talk is comparison. So how have you allow comparison to hold you hostage? How have you allowed comparison to steal your joy? I think it's interesting that mr. Theodore Roosevelt when he coined this phrase it was in the world and it was in the time that we didn't have social media. There was no social media. So now just imagine 2020 where we have Twitter. Book Instagram Snapchat and all those other social media platforms how we have looked at people's life and started to compare ourselves to other people because of social media, it truly Hots a haunts us and it haunts us it Stills our joy, so I want to talk about not no longer allowing that to happen. But let's be real. Let's be completely honest. It happens, right? We're human with it's Human Nature. Sure to look at the next person. Look at old girl and be like man, her body is banging to look at old girl and you know think oh her relationship is perfect. It is so natural and normal to do that. But in this year, I want us to at least less than that a little bit and that is my challenge to myself, you know, I believe and eating my own cooking. So I'm going to be on here telling y'all giving you guys all this inspiration. Ation, if I'm not willing to do it myself, so that's what we gonna do. We gonna stop comparison because comparison has caused me to be still to not do everything that I have called to be I have been called to do. So this podcast is one of the many things that I am going to be doing. I'm super excited and also before I we move on to the next section, I want to talk to you guys about just Tuesday with Tameka the back story with Tuesday with Tameka, so Years ago, I was volunteering at a school for girls that were teen moms and every Tuesday, I would come and I would volunteer my time. And so every one every Tuesday that I would get there they had on the board is Tuesday with tamika's and they was big in me at man. They were gassing me up. Just making me feel real good about the inspiration in the motivation that I was providing these young girls. So just imagine that that I started six seven years ago has now transformed into this if you've been Following me any time on social media. You know that every Tuesday. I do a motivational little snippet. I give a quick word of inspiration. So what I did way back when 2012 2011 has now launched us today and somebody needs to hear that because there's things that you used to do or things that you seeds that you planted. Come on somebody their seeds that you planted that are going to grow into the positive and to the the money Into the podcast into the book and two other things in your life, so don't take for granted the seeds that you put in the ground years ago into what they're going to become today. So let's move on to the second segment of the show. I want to bring in somebody that is near and dear to my heart somebody that you know you grows, you know, you everybody got that girl or everybody? At that group chat where you could be a little bit ratchet. You could be a little bit vulnerable or a lot of bit vulnerable. Right? We all have that person that we can just talk to and we can tell anything and everything to without judgment without a fear of how they're going to respond. So my person my homegirl my best friend my writer die is my sister Nicole P wacky if you if you really know her that's my girl and I We are going to be talking about just goals and in comparison. So hey, sis, you got a minute. Hey, sis, you've got a hey says she's not a minute. He sneezed. Hey, sis. You got a minute, you know, I do this is my girl that called p i want you to just tell the listening audience a little bit about yourself go ahead and give an introduction and let's go on into today's topic. topic Hi listeners, my name is Nicole P wacky Sam's nice to meet you all I am this wonderful to Micah's a little sister. That's all I am. I'm nothing special. I I teach kindergarten that's cool. And yeah, I'm just here hanging out, you know, I'm on vacation. So I've had a you know, little Libations. So we're just here hanging out talking about comparison and we're just going to join the day. So I I think that it's hilarious because if you know us in real life, it would be very easy for us to compare each ourselves to one another. I like to say that I'm like the Beyonce and she's like this alive. So I'm the one that tries to keep it all together and be prim and proper and I'm the one that will cut you don't be rude so don't be rude. So we it it would be very easy for us to compare but we have actually taken our differences and made them kind of like Element one another so we don't compare it to one another. What did you say sis? We more complement each other and I'm not sure let's just kind of talk about that. How do you think we were able because we are we're very alike, but then we are so are very different. So we're on different ends of the spectrum. Like I say she she like her Libations. She like, you know, she she's a custom Christian, you know sheshe and we're me I try to be a little bit different so P let's talk. About how how have we managed to remain, you know because it's one thing we're sisters, right? So automatically we have to be what nessus not necessarily because there's some of you out there that have siblings that you're not in relationship with but we choose to be in relationship. And we also choose to have moved our you know, our relationship Beyond just siblings and into friends. How do you think that we've been able to do that? Well, I think it's all All when you when you think about comparison, it's all pretty much in your head. What you decide to let in like we're in this era of like, you know online bullying and things like that, but I think it really comes down to what you decide to let in and what do you decide to control your own destiny or your own thoughts or who how you frame society as it mirrors yourself. Hmm, and I think we were able to Transition into a friendship and not this is easy to compare when your siblings you compare everything like who's doing better financially or who got the better husband who has kids who doesn't but I think it really comes down to choosing to walk your own Journey versus trying to look at what's happening on somebody else's path when you walk your own Journey you decide who you want to be and so it doesn't become about the other person. It becomes more about Where you're going so your successes and your failures are your own? Oh and it's not about what the other person is doing because it's a race that you're running the completion of the race is all about you. It's not who you're running against. It's all about Who and the Judgment at the end of it. It's going to be about who you were. Everything is really I think it's if you are able to own your stuff and you're able to own who you are the journey that you're on. The you're not so much worried about comparing yourself to the somebody else. Wow. That was dope. I don't know if you guys caught that but that's something that needs to be tweeted that you need to turn in to turn into a meme. She said your success and your failures are two are your own and took really walk your own path and I believe that's what Theodore Roosevelt was talking about when he said comparison is the thief of all joy because just imagine if you're constantly trying to you know, I I am clearly the better sibling just never but if we were constantly trying to compare ourselves to one another a little background information with me and Nicole me and P. I'm the oldest so I and I have now I have a I have a blended family. So I have a total of eight children, you know, I've been married other times. We ain't gonna talk about that right now, though. For another episode that we are, you know, we're different, you know, we kind of have our in the same field. We were both into education and the educational field but we are you know, I like to hike and be outdoors and roll my windows down when I'm driving. She thinks that that's dangerous dangerous and you line up my paper hit you you got scared tell the truth. Tell the listeners there are so many things but we have chosen to walk our own path we I've truly chosen like the things that I liked it doesn't take away that she doesn't like those things or the things that she likes doesn't take away from me because I don't like those things and I think that that's that's the detriment of social media because we often think first of all, let's keep it all the way 100 and I know everybody has probably already heard this but social media is nothing but highlight reels ain't nobody posting their failures and there, you know, and if you are because I'm truly Baron if you follow me on any of my social media platforms, you know, I kind of tell it all and I've been even told oh you shouldn't share that you shouldn't but I believe the most transparent people are people that we're attracted to because it's real right we have to be real we have to be relatable we have to is life is real man, and being a human is hard it is to college experience and I think that fake it like when you try to fake it that's when you get in that's when depression comes or not. Lady comes and those are things I definitely know a lot about and I struggle with on a daily, but I think my freedom and the way I've been able to crawl out of those spaces is really choosing to live authentically and choosing not to care what people think choosing not to compare myself to others choosing not to hold my standard to what someone else have to say about me. But to what I have to say about me. Yeah, and that's not always easy. I especially at this season in my life and will definitely get To that as seasons are episodes go but you know, it's hard to live your life or what people are going to say or think about you that's got it's much easier for me to live my life for what I say and what I think because that provides me control because everybody's going to say there's so many no matter what you could be the greatest person you we there's negative people that say things about Gandhi, there's negative people that say things about monetary. You can try to be the best thing but you're up there. It's always going to be something about you that's in perfect. Cause you're human so true that is so true. So moving into 2020, you know, everyone has I'm not one to make New Year's resolutions. I've stopped doing that a long time ago because I feel like it kind of sets you up for failure just like comparison does set you up for failure. But one of the things I do is I do like to have goals. I had I like to have goals and not just at the beginning of the year. I track my goals throughout the year. There's certain things that I want to accomplish. There's certain things that I want to do. So let's talk about goals and and in comparison to comparison, how do you reach your goals? First of all, do you have any goals that you wanting to reach? Let's do two things. Let's talk about goals that you want to accomplish moving into 2020 or in 2020. And then let's also talk about some things that you want to leave behind that you're done with because I believe the way that we truly measure success is by our to do list, but also, Started unless-- people don't often right attitude unless-- and celebrate the things that they're over and celebrate the things that they're willing to leave behind. So what are your goals and your things that you're leaving behind in 2020 my biggest goal for 2020 in this decade in general is just to continue to live authentic life whether I choose to work out choose to eat better. Whatever it is. It's for me and me only. So I want to just continue to live a life that is just for me. But I choose to leave behind is something that is actually new for me that the hurts of these recent years and things like that is actually caring more about what people think or say. That's something that's very new for me. I've never cared about what people thought or what people said about my life. I lived a very this is what I feel this when my heart is telling me Hippie, like I'm just go where my heart leads life and I have allowed life hurts to take that away. And I think in 2020, I just want to really push into who I am and my identity and not let the harms of life in the comparisons of Life. Help me. That's good. That's good. I think for me one of the major goals. That I it's a non-negotiable. It's something that I really have to do moving into this new decade into 2020 is self-care. You know, I'm really good at taking care of other people. I'm not sure if I mentioned already but I'm the oldest of 11. I have ten younger siblings. So I've always taken care of everybody. And now with my beautiful blended family. I take care of other people, but sometimes what I learned a long time ago an old And told me how can you you know, if you're broken, nobody else works so that moving into 2020 girl, you will not believe how many naps I've taken already how much attending a team nap. Do you know that there is a hole like social move social media movement. There's it's called the not Ministry. I want to encourage you guys to go onto Instagram and follow the nap Ministry because it has really been talked of it when it hasn't been talked about especially in the African American community. How black women feel that it's not okay for us to rest and we ain't going to get deep into that because I could talk because I'll be taking my naps. He nab's listen. Well, that's something that I that's new for me. So my goal is to really practice to practice what I preach. Like I said at the top of the hour eat my own cooking. I always tell women that I work with in my coaching practice and when I'm doing my motivational speaking to take self-care, but it's something that I've neglected for myself. So that is a goal is to really practice self-care for myself and something that I want to leave behind is very similar to what you said p and that is the thoughts of others. So we grew up in a very religious strict home. And I think that that's where that comes from. You know, we've always been taught to like walk at the beat of Our Own Drum. But even in that we were taught there's a certain way you got to walk so you can March to the To your own drum, but it has to be like this. Right and I think because of that it's caused us and I can only speak for myself but it has caused us to care about what people think everything like to say. I don't care. I don't care but an expression levels you do carry every week are absolutely and especially I love my parents. I honor them I respect them. But if you ain't putting no money on these bills listen in 2020, I'm not caring about What you thinking and that's the way it's going to be for me as far as you know my employers and my children even my children, you know, I've learned to this. I am me and I'm going to be me. I am girl. Listen. I'm getting ready to be 40 this year. So it's now or never that's how I feel like it's really now or never for me to really let go of comparison so I can live the best life that I'm supposed to be living. So I'm super excited. I'm excited about Our conversations and how we are going to really just Inspire and encourage and another segment that we are going to be doing is advice column. So if you're listening and you feel like man, are you if you feeling us and you feel like you know, they got a little bit of wisdom. They know what they're talking about. I'm I would love for you to email us at Tamika. Michelle won 4-3 at gmail.com. That's ta Mi Ka Mich Ela. Ellie 143 at gmail.com. We are going to be reading listener letters live on the podcast and we are going to be giving you a little bit of Our advice if you haven't picked up already p is a little but she gon give you the raw the real and I'm going to maybe give you the for real of eyes, you know everybody and I'm gonna put the icing on the cake. I'm gonna make it sweet. I'm gonna put that bow around it. And I you know, it may be a little scripture or some wrapped up in there, but you are going to Definitely get something that you will be able to take into your life and apply, you know, I think so often people like to give advice but is that advice applicable? Can you is it applicable? Can you apply it to your life and to your everyday life? So we want to encourage you to send in your letters? So for this first episode we do not have an advice letter as of yet. But P. What advice would you give for a young woman a young male in? Anybody listening to this podcast on how to walk into 2020? Authentically. I definitely would say your life is your own claim. It don't give anyone access to it that don't belong follow your heart and your mind bring your mind with you because your heart who's your we tried to trick you but just know that your life is your own this decade is what you make it and so that's Good or bad make your choices and be accountable for them whether or not they fail or succeed that is good. My advice that I would give to any of our listeners is you have everything within you that you need to succeed like everything is within you you don't have to go to no more psychics no more prophets. No more preachers pastors. You have everything within you so stop looking for validation. Stop looking. For approval and just know like you have everything within you work on the things that you need to work on and and be proud of who you are in the things that except yogurt like peace said except your successes accept your failure your failures accept who you are as a person because that's the only way you're going to truly be happy. Just you have everything within you. So go ahead and Rock It Rock 2020 like never before. All right. So next we are going to do community. Spotlights. Also if you have a business if you have something that you would like for us to shop a shout-out on air do not be afraid to email us. Again. The email is Tamika Michelle won 4-3 at gmail.com email us. We want to, you know, I am all about support. One of the big things that I believe in is As We rise we need to lift as well. So I want to encourage you. You to send in your businesses if it's a school, if it's of if anything that you have that is increasing and the the community and in this positive impact on the community, let us know so we can shop shout you out on air. It's us the community. So this week I'm actually going to shout out my kids school and P if you want to shout out your school as well. We are both Charter Schools my children go to a charter school. So they go. So our Charter Academy, it is a public charter school in the city of San Bernardino sore. That's SOA. Our Charter Academy. It is an amazing school. I can just tell you from my own experience. I actually was an employee there as well. But from my own experience. My daughter was at a regular public school and she had severe severe educational challenges and when she moved into the charter school into the Smaller setting she is excelling last year. She was actually at the top of her class. She was one of the fifth highest gpas right now in the eighth grade. She is a right at a 3.3 V at the first semester. So she is killing it. Now. This is a girl that at the public school. They were saying that she would need to have like special accommodations. And now she I mean she is thriving and I want to you know, first coming say that it's my amazing parents in That is also the environment that she's in, you know, when art when anyone is placed into a positive environment. They're gonna grow they're gonna Thrive so I want to shout out Source or Charter Academy. It's in the city of San Bernardino. It is a k through eight. So they start at Kinder through eighth grade. That is our community Spotlight. Do you want us to shout out your school at this time? I'm not going to shout at my school. But just yay for Charters. All right. So that is our community shout out. And now we are going to go ahead and wrap this up man. This was fun. I feel like a freaking load was off any of you ladies that have ever carried a baby for any extended period of time when it is time to deliver. It is the most scariest thing and and I'm going to be a little transparent. I may get emotional because that is who I am. Um launching this podcast even up until recording. I was telling my siblings how afraid I was because I just I just want to do right, you know, there's nothing that I do in life that I take for granted or that I it's like for me like everything is a Ministry it's real. So I feel like I've pushed and I've delivered something and I just want to encourage you guys the only way we can deliver the things that inside of us is if we stop comparison and if we just trust ourselves because when you have everything inside of you to be successful, so I want you to push out that book go back to school. Don't be afraid to start a relationship. Don't be afraid to say no don't be afraid to set boundaries. Whatever it is that you feel like you're pregnant with apply for the apartment apply for the job. Do what you need to do to be the And that you know that you are called to be it is time to push in 2020. We're not going to allow comparison hold us back from now. My dad would always say one thing that never stops as time time does not wait for anybody. We are going to look up and it's going to be another 10 years. We're going to be talking about. Oh my God, it's 2030 if you continue to allow comparison to stop you and if you but most importantly if you continue to allow yourself to stop you. It's time for us to stop talking about our hate. Otters and people that are stopping us from being the best version of ourselves, and you need to stop stopping you. You need to allow yourself. Just give yourself the opportunity take a chance on you. I love you. I miss you. Bye. Bye.