Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly excited that we finally have her on she is a dear dear friend and I'm going to go ahead and introduce her right now. She's an actor writer gamer GM which stands for game master or games master. Is it singular right game and it's a game. It's just it's just the non-licensed Wizards of the Coast. Ghost, she's a contributor. Thank you very much, sir, and general manager for the LA Dodgers a contributor for geek girl all over the place. Let me host performer at hyper RPG Mass Effect Advent mm hitpoints podcast and the Schmo down ladies and gentlemen is get on the internet get on the internet for Emma Emily Rose Jacobson it on the rose. Hey, that's cool. Is that your name yard? Yeah, you're J all day sometimes especially like I mean, it's always really fun when you initial things. I'm like, oh that's a good my monogrammed towels when I was a little kid. We're tight. Oh very now that was like did you have monogrammed towels growing up? I feel like that's a really southern thing have Monograms on like every color. Did you have that kind of money grown-up? We're like, hey, we got you a Ninja Turtles beach towel when we went to Corpus Christi. That's your towel for the rest of the year until next time we go to Corpus Christi Maya. Initials are HSN which is this logo for the Home Shopping Network. So it's so good not cool. It's very I'm going to work calling you Hector shopping Navarro. I'll take her shopping tomorrow Emily. Thank you so much for being our guest tonight. Oh my gosh. Thank you so much for having me. This is wonderful because I'd watch the hector Santiago know we're shopping. You just be like get a load of this action figure missing - we're gonna go through look at the Quality. Look at my pants shotgun like that. Great SNL sketch from the 90s late 90s with Will Ferrell and Jim Breuer and I When I say Chris Kattan and they were home-shopping host and they were selling actual Mark Hamill and he had like handcuffs on and he came out. No one who has high. I know they're like what Luke Skywalker ladies and gentlemen only one in stock. It was really funny. No, but Emily, I'm glad you on the podcast because number one. I just enjoy talking about movies in general with you period and number two. You're a Texan so it's real. Yeah, so this is a perfect start. You can break we initially have a pal of ours been meckler was going to do this movie and scheduling-wise. He's very busy. He's doing a bunch of he's like, he's a really incredible writers all of the place. He's a writer for keepo and the age of Wonder base, but he's doing other stuff now, but he's gonna be joining us later this year and it was a little bit coming down to the wire and I believe it was a bee who was like, we have to have a Texan on for you have to reach out to a Texan and there's no better Texan than Emily and I was like, oh my God, perfect. That's great. So You again? Of course, so I think I'm glad I'm glad I can be your tow context and that's the exactly we don't have $1. Yeah, you don't have one of those Keller is a not a token text and he's like it's not tattooed on my body. Yeah can see it at all times. It's true visibly. Oh, that's so good. Uh-huh. She's getting notes. Not right. I love it. So we have two traditions on the podcast Emily. The first one is Keller is going to tell us what move you're talking about the night the second one comes down to you. By the end of the episode we're going to ask you to contribute a brand new movie any movie ever that you want to exist on the list of the 500 greatest movies ever made a new one that we're creating a new one based off of our guests pics. So she'll pull this up check this out. Check this out. So every guess for some reason I thought you were like, I you thought I had to make up a movie. I need you to make up an entirely new movie better. I need the thing is the one we just need is produced in the next two years on a manageable budget. So like here's all the movies. We watched it or based off of Less coming out of the magazine and then here's all of our guests attached to those movies. They pick a new list that we have been contemplating with every single week and they have incredible picks. Just last week alone. Fabric is what's that? I love with you science and tabulating Nolan fabric is picked macgruber Daniel Fernandez picked it follows. So the best movies of all time right there. No, it doesn't have to be in it. So any movie ever made it's like this. It could be the movie. We watch tonight. It could be a movie that you love from childhood. A movie you watched last week. It could just it could come out at any time. It doesn't matter but it just has to be a movie that you feel strongly enough that you're like, you know, what if there were a list that existed that is the 500 Greatest about this movie needs to be on there. That's all that's all and then we'll talk about that. Okay, and that's usually the best part of this podcast is not even the movie out of the thing. But thankfully I mean gotten Harry Dean Stanton young though. Yeah, but thanks a lot tonight's movie is actually I can't wait to talk about it and it's going to be great. So first tradition Keller, why don't you go ahead and Get off what movie are we talking about tonight? Stuffy British guy with the stuffy British guy voice go. 392 Paris Texas Nineteen Hundred and Eighty-Four directa Wim Wenders Kramer vs Kramer on Wheels as Harry Dean Stanton Travis goes on the road with his son to find his ex emotionally restrained beautifully shot and memorably scored by Rabbi Yehuda, you know, I'm a Read that blurb 10 years ago when I first got this magazine and never having seen this movie but after watching this movie, I'm like, that's a good blurb that pretty much sums it up. It's kind of good. I feel like it only comes up like a part of it though. Okay. So let's start with you feeling where the emotions what trauma let's do a me down Lee had so many characters to give Paris, Texas but start up to shit-talk Top Gun. Yeah, which is fine. Go ahead and just talk it that's fine. Emily. I want start with you. Okay, you just watch this movie tonight for the first time. Yeah same for me. The same for Keller. Wow, is that the first time that's happened? No, no. No we're seeing but but give us your overall thoughts as Emily as a Texan as an American as a lover of film as a human. I mean, I feel like the first thing that really stands out to me is the way color is used in this film. This is a very artistic. It's a very simple film it's a very artistic film like is like the bloop said the musical score. Steel guitar and just yeah this kind of subtle there feel like there's hardly any music throughout except for you get this kind of repetitive steel guitar and yeah just the use of color. It really starts to come out towards the end and just the emotion. It's like it's written by sandwich Sam Shepard and if you've read any of his plays, especially like just these long monologues the guy on the bridge Travis and Jane talking in the in the one-way mirror the one-way mirror even even the monologue Travis. As does on the couch with his son these just like as someone who had to study theater had a city plays it had to write like that's what you do in the BFA in theater. You would not only perform but you also like study plays and themes and you basically do film Theses but with plays and yeah those monologues just really stood out to me. Yeah, perfect guest for this. I had no idea this was gonna be such a theatrical film also like the other wise. Yeah. This is just made up of like 12 monologues. Yeah, basically, yeah exactly. Did you like the film I really did it was a nice. It's a nice Slow Burn and it kind of reminded me of another semi Texas Fillmore's film. That's a big film that's set in Texas. Just this this film is a long film and it does a lot like you I think you mentioned it either before or right as we started recording. It feels like three films in one it truly does and there's another big film like that said in Texas that feels like that. It's called Giant and it's got our good good boy who passed away good good boy James. Lipton no, he's James Lipton has just passed away. Yeah, I don't know if this was like an old western film and it's got the guy who everybody has posters of even though he died really young and was only unlike three James Dean James Dean James Dean is in Giants a giant basically is like the story of these three people who kind of live on this Texas ranch. You've got the son the Father the Holy Ghost. This is love interest. And you got James Dean who just was like a Cowhand it's all about how she kind of likes James Dean which kind of like this rich guy in the mirror the rich guy and they have kids and their their marriage starts to fall apart. But then James Dean even though he's a Cowhand. He buys like the land next door and it strikes oil and then the oil shoots up and he become super rich and it's just like this is super long story about just these people's lives and their lives throughout time and how their relationships are affected and that actually like even though they're kind of they're very different films and that way they're very Paris, Texas in China are very, Be similar to me and that it's just like it's a long over this long period of time you see these characters change and you see the stories kind of weave in and out in these relationships like flare up and even if the movie Paris Texas that we watch tonight, maybe had a storyline that takes place over the course of a few weeks or however long it takes it's still it's still feels like because of what you learn about the characters and their pasts that you're like, oh this story really really breaches like 10 years like a dunk a super long time. Least as long as old as the kid is was seven turning eight. So yeah, definitely feels like that Keller. Give us your overall thoughts. This movie is good. But also it is in 1982. Yeah 84 net 1984, but probably filmed in like 1982 or something. Well Return of the Jedi had come out. Oh just getting we're tell ya he's just getting so mad at least really things have been real high this shit happen real quick. Yeah kid had Star Wars Return of the Jedi bed sheet. So we were like we wanted the sheets. Mhm. It did help with the timeline. But this movie exists then in that nobody knows that there are p is a thing, right? Nobody knows that you should talk to certain people about how to maybe hey, how should we approach this situation with his child Yeah question for you. Hmm. It's a fellow Texan. Yes, it feels like it's a really I've never heard of therapy. Yeah, I mean for me growing up therapy there what I signed up for a fellow that wasn't able. Yeah, like for real therapy was a threat it been In like growing up as a kid. It was like now you don't have to go see it there. You don't have to go see a therapist. Do you failed? Yeah, you've lost and I think and for me when I was diagnosed in college with generalized anxiety disorder, I mean, my dad still really doesn't fully believe in the diagnosis. He doesn't want I don't think he's it's like if you had fucking known your whole life that you had. Yeah and let me know when I was talking the doctor. They're like, oh, yeah, that's like, oh you were clearly having panic attacks as like a young kid, and I just called him home sickness because I didn't know what they were. I thought everyone had him but Yeah, like my mom. I've talked to my mom about it now and now it's like hey, yeah, I've luckily start a really nice conversation with her about going through therapy and mental health and everything. But yeah, it just such a it's such a crazy crazy culture that I really want to change. Yeah, uh-huh. It might you know be like, hey, it's kids our kids every kid has Netflix now. Yeah, and their shows are like therapies cool. So maybe the kids are like your dad actually therapies fucking cool. Yeah and inside and maybe an inside-out exists sewing kit. Feelings are fun feelings, you know. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, yeah, that's the thing. I kept saying watching the film is because I got so invested My overall thoughts are I think the movies really really great. I absolutely think it's worth watching Once and even if you want to make the argument that it's one of the 500 greatest movies of all time, I could be like, yeah, I could I could see that because I haven't seen too many movies like this, right and it's that nice Slow Burn and have you guys seen a Place Beyond the Pines. I haven't seen it yet. No, man. Yeah. Well good. It's very much like like this cool and that it takes place actually that takes place over a large swath of time but it feels like three movies in the same way. And the three movies here feel like Harry Dean Stanton character being found in the desert by his brother in this you mystery of like what happened and I was always come circumstances where a similar hat super invested then the second movie is okay. We're introducing him to his son who his son hasn't seen him for four years. So he last saw when he was 3 now. He's seven turning eight and then it becomes this little Kramer vs Kramer like Trying to reconnect and then I'm so invested. I'm like, oh man, this is going great. And it was so emotional and it's heartbreaking and in the third movie is let's go salute. Let's go. Let's go find the the mom and you're like, oh no, this could be bad or good or what's going to happen? And that's a whole nother whole nother act. But what I was going to say earlier as well, we're watching the movie. I often I was like telling the screen. I'm like go do this go do that. Go seek therapy talk to each other this way. Talk to each other. That way like this is how we solve the problem but a lot of the characters in the movie, especially Harry Dean Stanton character Travis is so reserved that at first I was like, well, he's unwell mentally which he was but then when he starts to open up, I'm like, okay, but he is still it almost felt like he was once we had the realization when he was talking through his life and was like, I was an alcoholic I did this I did that, you know, I like butter. Think about to other people by saying he tied her up to a stove with a belt and left her there and he tried to go get some sleep and he didn't feel anything and he was so surprised at how I didn't feel anything like that to me felt like therapy. It felt like that character out of all the characters came to so many realizations in this movie and that by the end that's why he left. He's like, I can't be here. I'm taking myself out of this equation, but I but I just yeah, it's it's literally came out of the desert, you know? Yeah the whole coming out of the desert thing. Well, I just made I just made a connection because our my color earlier. Yeah and especially like well, I feel like what you said you got this broken reserved character and you just hear him talking about his father. His father had the same kind of idealistic views of his like these unrealistic views of his of his mother saying that oh, he kept believing that she was wasn't she believed he believed she was as he believed what she was until that's what she became and I think well, I think it's that it's that it's that thing where it's like, oh the father becomes the son like you learn from your parents and you take on your parents traits or you inherit them depending if they're like mental or not and I think that's why we see his son. Whirring, read the whole time with him because the sun is taking after the father until the father. Finally. Let's go and breaks the chain and then the sun is with the mother and they're both wearing green in that final scene. And that's that's him healing and that's the son becoming not like his father and not like his grandfather. I loved how you guys were picking up on that stuff. You especially mu Emily were like like talking about the use of color as we're watching it and especially towards the end. We were all discussing like what does this mean? What does that mean? And I always get mad at myself when that stuff happens because depending ending on the movie if it's a movie that's like fake fake like Speed Racer. I'm like, let's talk about color. Like I'm like this all artificial like it's all purposeful. But when it's a movie like this where I'm like we talked about they just went out to Texas and shot stuff. What do you mean we did with the lighting was bad. It's a green room we talk about what do you mean they're using Color purposely. That's just the color of that room that they're you know, like they're just in a hotel like whatever it is. I always feel like I can't ever tell what the filmmaker even though every choice in a film is There's still an element of let's take a camera and let's go and let's record some humans doing some shit and whatever we get a lot of it again feel Supernatural Supernatural lightly and a good one. There is stuff like that when there's very purposeful. Yeah shots and light. Yes, but at no point did I feel me start like you said it's like holding a trickle staging almost in the moment versus cinematography everything but like it all of it is purposeful. None of it felt amateur, but I'm just saying it was so natural that I really am. Like what at what point is this just location scouting and at what point is this like thematically? We want to make sure to you you know it so kudos to anybody who'd like did this movie because it's like when I was in high school and we read the book Heart of Darkness. Oh, yeah. I hate that book. Really. Yes, because I'm what was forced to read it in high school? I'm sure it's great. That's how I feel about Katarina, right? I hate Catcher in the Rye anything that's like, okay. Let's go by this sentence by sentence. What? First wired moving Caulfield is a whiny boy and he's awful. But this is my first real exposure to like literary analysis in the sense that I'm reading the book. I was told by my English teacher like yeah. This book was based on the author's experience when he fought in the War or whatever and literally journeyed into places into Africa and I was like cool dope, but then that same English teacher was like and also the book represents this and this and this and the Darkness and man's hearts and blah blah blah and I was like, wait is this a is this a true thing based on a person's life? Life or is this all metaphor symbolism? Because in my brain couldn't reconcile it being both. I'm like, it's either one or the other either the person's making this all up to fit the theme or it's just life and I couldn't in my brain be like, they're one in the same Hector person's experience can also a nice shot Deer Hunter dude, and I got it. No, then I saw Speed Racer and I was like, oh fake we remain an anime. That's really No, I don't think so. I'll double-check. How do you feel about Speed Racer? Do you like them? I think at first I didn't like it. I'll be really quick with this at first. I didn't like it your time. And then I think then after a few years you realize that oh, this is supposed to be it wasn't like supposed to be a modern-day adaptation. It literally was supposed to be like, this is the anime and how insane it was and then you watch it and you're like they did it. They did like a crazy live-action. Ation of just this wacky anime that came out and had the weirdest. Yep dubbing history in the United States. Yeah. It was nuts II Keller you if you not seen the movie all the way through yet or you have you no good. John Goodman great John Cazale what I be in it for it's a kids movie for sure. It's very silly and it came out the weekend after Iron Man in 2008, and I went to go see it in theaters and I was in like animation school at the time. So seeing it that opening weekend. I went with a student buddy of mine Denzel and we I went to go see it and we've got out of there didn't though shout out to Denzel Denzel. Is there an Ellie and we got out of there and we both looked at each other. We're like, I think I liked it. We were like, yeah, it was pretty good at it was cool tune a bit. Yeah. We're like, it's good. But then it's yeah it is this movie that the first time I watched it. I think the reason I liked it was because my dad is a race car driver. He's done Baja and off-road racing in Mexico. He's done a bunch of that's 500 and the Baja 1000 like raced on teams and stuff and it's awesome and I went with him once and and he's whatever I've gleaned from him in terms of like how he feels as a cats cat. Sorry, it's Angelica. That's our cats. However, my dad feels about racing like his philosophy on it. I feel like parts of that were in the movie Speed Racer where Speed Racer's learning from his older brother that kind of stuff. And so the first time I saw the movie I was like, yes, it nailed that great. But the most recent time I watched a movie was just a few months ago. I picked up on I think this is the He's talking about trying to do something creative in Hollywood, which is a commercial industry and how Speed Racer learns that the whole thing is corrupt and backwards and there's other characters telling him like that's not what racing is. This is what Real Racing is and they're explaining it to him and then by the end of the film Speed Racer so disillusioned, he's like Fuck this I'm not going to like it's all broken and speed Racer's nuts with razor says fuck. Yeah goes off such a great PG movie. We get 12 f-bombs and that's it. Like the monkeys jaw drops. It might be but yeah, it's real cute chim-chim. But then Speed Racer's Ally Racer X tells them like it's not about whether it's a chimpanzee. It's not a monkey. I'm really sorry. It's okay, it's fine. But Racer X is like it's not about he sums up the theme of the movie. He goes. It's not about whether like you can change racing we're racing is a stand-in for the art industry like, you know making films About whether you let racing change you or not, like whatever pure feeling you go into that industry with if it changes you then you lost and it's about the struggle of trying to hold on to that. So the most recent time I watch that way I went holy shit and sure enough once were speed understands that he goes and he not only wins the race at the end. He fucking Megan wins. It's like the coolest, you know was just orgasmic thing ever. We visited Jupiter Ascending. I feel like I feel like I need to go write an essay about this now. I'll get it published you want to if you want to re-watch Speed Racer, it's great. It's really great. But we were talking about this is not speaker. Yeah, but that's our little tangent on Speed Racer and it's great but the use of color they just so like but I totally appreciate and agree a hundred percent with all of y'all's X like a observations about that and the cinematography and the themes in the film and and what it's about and yeah, even though they felt like three different movies and at one point I was like well wait, let's check. Came with Hunters like adoptive like let's check in with with Travis's brother and his wife. Like where are they? Yeah, they get dropped off about like three quarters of the way. They get a phone call and they're fine. That's yeah, they're but they're going to go I really need I think it was just because I became very invested in all the characters. Yeah, even we meet Hunters mom real mom. I'm not I'm still like I hope this works out. You know, I'm not like no there was never a character that I was like angry with or didn't like even though certain characters it certain maybe dislikable actions. There's no point where I was like, oh, I hate the mom or I or o clearly clearly the the aunt is trying to like aunt wants to hold onto Hunter and she's like, oh for her it's like no. Yeah you feel for you feel for every single. It's such a kind of real. It just feels like a really real movie and just also even the uncle is like I don't know what to do is like I'm just trying to do my best. I'm trying to help my brother. I'm trying to help this family. Why are you getting mad at me for like real Greg Kinnear and a little massage massage kind to me if you guys Although I will say the thing I was mad at mostly everybody for was every day. It's different. Yes. Okay, true and Harry Dean Stanton character Travis and the movie at all. So I feel like the whole movie realizes everything was fucked. It's fucked from the beginning. They like every character realizes we should not have done any of that. That was all but but man, we love Hunter what a cool have to do. What's right for Hunter. Hey, what a cool kid that came out of this crazy age difference of a marriage or relationship and Mom play Star Wars by himself for hours on end and hotel. Tell ya what honestly impressive he had to take a bottle of Heinz Ketchup like on the TV and I was like tight. Yeah. Yeah that dude orders him a burger room service. It's like this is like the Home Alone movie. I want to see eggs is Hunter and McCurry showed up. Yeah for four hours like waiting for a parent to show up or somebody and he acts out A New Hope Empire Strikes Back Return of the Jedi. He starts going off into back own Adventures special. Yeah everything he does like the self-insert. He puts himself in the Star Wars the deleted scenes actually called most of Yeah, the deleted scenes. He's like he's like kylo Ren shows up. We're like, whoa, dude how patina was actually closed the whole time the kiss didn't mean anything. Oh, gosh. I don't like see ya. This wasn't romantic. Yeah. What were we talking about call the I totally loves me. We're talking about the characters. Here's my biggest problem with all the characters outside of the age difference. Everybody talked to damn loud in the house at 2:00 in the morning. Honestly, true like that. Can't you doing awake? It's a it's a wall honestly. How many arguments did you hear your parents have so many? Yeah, and they just like dude. We're Whispering be quiet. The children are asleep I ever have if I ever have a kid if I ever have a kid, I'm seriously going to be like happy. Text me. What's right, what's wrong? Any text because Tiny Tina's of my Jay why so many exclamation point usually really angry. Whoa, what is that? Emoji mean? Can we can we take a trial court or about? Okay? Okay, but wait, so you're just gonna leave your kid and their bed in that bed at 2:00 in the morning lock the house. It's find really smart. Yeah. We have a smart house take you watch the kids. Yeah. Just I was so mad at that. And I think that was my kid brain being like are all parents stupid. Do all parents getting rid of them. Oh, yes, every voice carries. I mean I feel like as like I feel like that's a thing you realize when you're in high school or even younger or older but you realize oh my parents were just like me and they were just trying to figure out how to do this. Nobody tells like when you because you're a little you're like, oh, yeah, you're my parents. You're the best. You know how to do this. This is your job. You were trained for this and then you get older and you're like, they didn't have any idea. I don't have any idea. So I think it's on those things kids. Yeah. He's one of those things where it's like, it's just it's just people humans being humans and it just adults being adults and trying to Trying to handle a situation and just you know what I love that. You said Emily. You said that like you weren't mad at any of the people even though they made decisions where you were like, oh I'm upset at that decision, but they were all all the people still felt really real. Have you guys seen Kramer vs Kramer? Dustin Hoffman? Yes, you haven't seen it yet and it's so it's so good. But here's the thing. I will say that Meryl Streep, it's fucked but Meryl Streep's character is I don't think portrayed in a good light shade Iman at do to me. It's very one-sided. It is very you get on the side of of Dustin Hoffman is Dad who's trying to figure out how to be a dad after Meryl Streep leaves in the beginning of the film and it's so heartbreaking. It's so sad and it's so great and it's a great movie. But when Meryl comes back at the end, it's like the movie has now positioned you against her glutamine and you're like and then it's court or something. Yeah, and so you're rooting for Dustin the whole time but and it feels a very feels very much like one of those movies like God, what was the name of the movie that people are like, I can't believe this movie was made this weird story. No, no that one. Heels, I don't know. I think that one feels this one is like pretty eat. Well, no, I know a lot of people when they watch marriage story. Have you seen marriage story yet? I haven't I heard it's like it's like it's good. It's good with it. That's sad relationship. Maybe I mean the same reason why I haven't seen mid-summer the sad relationship horror movie, but marriage story more cathartic though, which one Midsummer Midsummer. Yeah marriage story is like you watch the movie and if somebody tells you Adam drivers character was at fault these this is why I feel I feel like if you're kind of a reasonable person you go. Yeah hundred percent versus like if somebody came to you and went Scarlett Johansson's character was at fault. Here's why I boom boom that you could even then kind of go. I could see that sure they both made mistakes. I don't think the movie positions you on one person side or the other they're both very flawed kind of like this versus Kramer vs Kramer. I don't know who's worse. Yeah. Oh, yeah big time. Yes. Yes, but I know I do know he punches the wall and he does seem like my favorite song from Company, which I didn't know that was in the movie. Alive he fucked up the most heard company. I've only seen the parody. We also jump Mulaney wrote. Oh, have you seen that look into it. Was it on SNL or something different? They did it for that documentary now show. Oh, right Richard kinds in a column pills and it's very well have to look that up. Yes, but Kramer vs Kramer ninian Stephen Sondheim. We you spend more time with Adam drivers character in marriage story. I'd say so that I feel like not only is he like? Yeah, you fucked up the malls picture, but you were like, okay, dude. Your I can see what that bullshit you're going through. That sucks. That's tough. And we don't see as much as what Scarlet goes through. But remember I'm pretty sure Kramer vs. Kramer is on the list and we'll get to it and it's a great movie. But this was yeah, I think really well balanced and okay, here's a question I have for y'all. Here we go. Okay. Okay roll up their sleeves. All right. Well, I need to go a little higher because I need c to the tippy-top of Texas but here's here's what he did. Amarillo but here's what I got to know as a Texan. Hmm. What did it accurately portray? The biggest state in the United States. Do you feel so proud second-biggest after Alaska? You're right. Do you feel proud and have Alaska put? So were you like? Oh cool Emily. I know you were recognizing all the locations. Yeah. I think I mean, I think it's one of those things where it accurately portrays, Texas. Yes in a way that it subtly portrays Texas. It just treats Texas like a regular place where you see people walk around with cowboy boots and hats and listen to Western music. I feel like in so many films I mean just like New York and California any kind of big Central State especially if it's like a foreign film or if it's some kind of Comedy Texas is always so over-exaggerated and this still even has a little bit of it in that this is you know going in this is a German French production and then it starts with fucking lap steel guitar. You're like, all right. Let's see what these people feel Texas is like. Yeah, and then it is a lot better than I thought it would be and it's like, okay. It's Answer your winning this person. Take time. They State they travel to Texas. They travel through Texas in that trap that trip made them go. Like I want to tell the story in this place. It's beautiful. Yeah. It's a crazy will people people think that Texas is is so much like one thing they're like, oh it's clearly desert its desert different and it's like no Houston that you've got the you've got people I'd still I was in college and people didn't realize that Texas had beaches or boarded an ocean and I'm like it is at the bottom near the goal. And so yeah, we've got beat Is Houston is a foresti swampland? It is very it's a deciduous forest and it's like Florida or Miami or something kind of but much more Woody. It's like like watch Orton Washington, Virginia is super Woody and swallowing. Okay, and then yeah you got Austin which is Hill Country. Just kind of flat Hill Country. You got West Texas, which is really kind of like desert it's where you get into the Rio Grande and all those other towns. You have the north which is like Dallas, which is also very it's more not like it's not wavy like Hill Country. It's much more flat. At and and grassy and Big Sky and that's where there's all those tornadoes that happened. Dallas is like in a big tornado place because it's right by Oklahoma handle sex. Yeah, but yeah, there's so many different aspects of Texas. I think at first it through us when the movie started because it was like because it says Paris, Texas and also their liking like West Texas and you're like that's on the wrong side. It's like the Searchers which is supposed to be like we're in Texas is like this is clearly Monument Valley Utah monuments. We all metal. Yeah and the movie also, Opens with a very German doctor in Texas like treating Harry Dean Stanton who is wandering or and you're like, what is this? And then it cuts to the French wife of Dean Stockwell is character, right? Harry Dean like Travis's brother. And I said man if this is a French and German movie if there's one area parody think the only like this like spaghetti western. Yep. It's going to take me out but thankfully that didn't happen in and it was great. So so you what you're both saying is you approve of this Europeans purse. Spective of the State of Texas. Yes. Yes. Give it my all the small towns. Excellent. All the little diners all the shitty motels. That is Texas. It's what dority of Praise? Yes, even I feel like even the scene where I was picking up on this. I don't know if you were or maybe I was just noticing it for the first time. But when Jane is talking to Travis through like through the glass wall At first. She almost kind of has this fake voice on and that she starts to talk. Talk to him and she realizes who it is her Texas accent drops in and she gets mad she gets she drops in and she hear her voice kind of her voice. She gets on her normal speaking voice and she becomes like truly Texan in that moment. And I was like, that's an I was like, oh, yeah. There we go. Hmm, she had an interesting apparently that actress had an interesting daughter of Klaus Kinski very cool. Potentially had a flirtatious maybe more relationship with Roman Polanski when she was 14 job our age difference and that's even weirder and Roman. Plants get also hurting stand did not feel good about rather you he was really like nervous about it and you know, and and to the movies credit like we're all saying like the movie kind of acknowledges. This was fucked to begin with and Harry Dean as an actor was was worried about it, but it's not like they have them reunited the like like his character again leaves and she is 25 years old and she's reunited with her seven-year-old son, and it's like, okay, that's what it's going to be. But what was I going to say? She actually came up with Backstory for her character Jane where she goes I believe that my character would have emigrated from Europe and landed in Texas and Harry Dean's character gave her a lot of attention when she was 17 18 like and that's at like like that's part of their sort of back story and relationship and I feel like when I read that on Wikipedia, I was like, yeah kind of makes sense, right? So, you know, and it did at least it she came up with why they were together before hmm. And even though they have a huge age difference of would you say Keller? Like 35 years or something. It's yeah, and what was I going to say and I completely lost my train of thought but it know I think that she did a really good job, but I did notice that that Texan kind of came through but also some European accent little bit because she's like a German actress and she's floating a couple different languages and you know, yeah. Yeah. I liked it. I liked this movie. It was very good. Very good highly recommend. Also, can we talk about that kid really quick amazing. Thank you. So this is on the best child actors I've ever seen. Cutest kid I didn't look up to see if he's like acting still the first scene or anything else, but he was the son of one of the screenwriters of the movie. He was he was the kid actor kid, son of William Sheppard that Sam Shepard that Sam Shepard son. No, no, no, no Sam Shepard somebody else somebody else and Sam Shepard had like done a play that was similar but not the same and this other rider was like I want I liked what you were kind of doing in this play and they came up with a bunch of stuff and early versions of the script had had Travis's brother and wife Joy. Joined them to go find Jane interests. And then at the end of the film like the wife the French wife goes back to LA and then Travis ends up wandering the desert again to kind of replicate where the movie started but it didn't end up. It didn't end up going like that. So yeah anything else Keller would he doing? Yeah, the kid was into other stuff. Okay. Well, what up until 2011 known in a short good for him. Yeah. I'm there were some other full + movies. Yeah, his deliveries a dad and Grand Prix the winning tail. Nice. I don't know how an actor would feel if played tortured girl's boyfriend and crushed. Okay. Nice. Okay, let's say that you're like, however old you how a leper skeel. Mr. North what what one of those was the character and what one of those was the was got your skill and mr. North makes any was little ripping fairytale theater cute. Hey, it's me. Laura hit it right here. Here's the old bridge. Here's Big Rip. I don't know if it would be weird. If you told an adult actor. Hey that thing you did when you were seven. You were great. Oh God, but like if I ever met him, I will say that Matt Christian Bale. I'd be like man, you would crush it and part of the associate that yeah, and he would appreciate that because I've been like news he's awesome. But I bet I guess a little I bet a lot of people a lot of people tell him about Newsies, but it's like sing the song. Yeah, but how many people talk That Empire of the Sun that's Kelly's favorite movie Steven Spielberg director little kid Christian Bale is so good in that that I was also really impressed when Keller first showed it to me. So yeah, I would you know, I took the compliment I'd be like, that's thanks man. Thank you. Yeah, I was seven. It was cool. It was weird. I Loved You at boyfriend's torturous dad or whatever the fuck but that kid was super cute the lisp. There's just no like I feel like sometimes the child actors. It's such Hit or Miss because it's like it's so I feel like it's so hard for a kid to tell you what they have to tell kid. Okay acting is Ali you doing these things but making it look like as real as possible like you believe these thoughts you were saying these words like you are living this character's life and as like an eight-year-old you're like what? Okay, like when I hugged his mom for the car like looked up at her grab her hair, right? And that great was so good. And when he hugged Harry Dean Stanton and said the dad dad think Dad Dad got me good man. If you weren't watching it I will group tonight if I was watching this by myself and I see me overnight and I didn't know what this movie was. That would hit me like a ton of bricks and I Crying, this is like this is a father-son starting. Dad is great. Is it to Dad's think it is this Dad stuff to Dad's one son. This is Chris Anderson loves it. Yeah, exactly. But that was that was real cute where he says good night Dad the Dean Stockwell and then he goes and hugs Harry Dean Stanton sit in the couch and he goes night Dad and like walks away and I was like Harry Dean Stockwell Stanton. That's the solution. That's it. Okay, great movie now moving on Emily. Hmm. What do you got? What movie would you like to add to our brand new list of the 500 Grand also what other movies have you loved recently what other movies went through your head when you before you came to your decision? Yeah, we can take Runners out. We could talk. I'm just giving it a quick perused. You can kind of see some of the we can always double check. If you're like we can set this. Well that medical Tremors is on there says Josie and the Pussycats. Yeah, that's Bert Bert Jennings pick Tremors. We told you it's the 500 Greatest Songs of all time. Didn't we? My best friend is obsessed with tremors and hurricane Heist, which I became her hurricane highest its base. He was Geo Storm thriller films will mix with the heist film. So it's a storm disaster film makes with a high stats. There's like made in a focus group of Mountain Dew. What do we do? Well, we just came off of Oscar season. Yeah, so we got parasites already on their JoJo rabbits on there. We got some gu great looks great. I mean I saw peanut butter Falcon on there. Oh my gosh, of course Adam. Yeah. That's my boy. It's such a hit. That was like Adam and I left that we were we sat in the theater after that film ended and we just have to run wept like just sitting there like what a good film great. It's great. Okay, I don't think you guys I don't think I saw it on there, but you saw the moment it did you guys watch the Oscars together. Do you watch him? Yes. Yeah, you saw the moment where she came out with that actor. He apparently refused to go on stage unless he brought him on stage at him. Yes. It's not amazing and apparently during the filming. He got arrested and Shia LaBeouf got arrested during the filming of peanut butter Falcon. He kind of had like a DUI and he came on And that actor whose name I'm blanking on. I feel bad basically kind of put his hand on my shoulder and was like, you're better than this and that hit Shia so hard he said like in interviews. He's like this guy changed my life. Like he is he is the reason I'm trying to get better. Now. I'm going to look up this actor's name because I do want to shout them out and see this movie now. Yeah and see this movie now. Yeah, because again I have been on it. We borrow from Adam exact Dots Dots again zach-bots again, I think as he is the actor's name I have Been a fan of Shia LaBeouf's Talent really since Even Stevens him as an actor. I've always been an interesting honey boy, not yet. We just had them. I just watched it the other night. That's that's good too. But that's like it's rough. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So I got to be like for this podcast. We don't get to put ourselves in the place to watch some of these movies like this one. It's like you gotta this is fuckin prep. Yeah, and I and I ever ever since I was a kid and honey boy, it's I was young and learned about intent about shy is childhood. I Become more. I don't want to be forgiving but like like more sympathetic towards him as a as a guy because I'm like you went through something. I cannot imagine having gone through now having said that I've still it's frustrating because I've as a fan and just hearing rumors and stuff. I've heard of stuff that he's done. It's shitty to other people and I'm like that's not cool man, but the fact that he did want that actors act to join him on stage. It's just like chai go. Keep going keep those seem like you got so good. Yes. Moments of trying which is more than you can say for a lot of actors or troubled young, you know, and coming out of child stardom and all that stuff. But yeah, I need to see honey boy and I need to synchronize valken Hilary Duff make a McGuire show on Hulu. Yeah, we want I is bullshit because yeah, especially the Veronica Mars. Are you made the right? Call Keller? You said Hulu if Disney doesn't want a certain type of subject matter on Disney Classics stake in Hulu, right? At throat droplet throat on who Robert on Whose I'm saying because I would I'm a PC when Lizzie McGuire was was when that news got out that like, they might not release it and people are like oh but you know, you can kill a bunch of younglings and Star Wars. That's okay. It's like look, those are different things Star Wars, even though Star Wars movies get dark. They don't their kids movies. So don't pretend like that's some kind of a real mature subject matter. It's not it's great mythology and there's moments of violence and there's action but also some of them than try to take it too dark. You got a bit sooner. Fine, that's fine. But it's not like kylo Ren turn to the screen and he's like I'm on heroine now like they like we don't get to that parent know if that's Star Wars laser wire either. No. No, it's not but Elizabeth where did handle some really serious subjects back in the day. I don't know if you remember this there was actually an anorexia episode. There you go. Miranda was Miranda was refusing to eat and then she got dizzy and passed like she passes out and Lizzie sit down with her and she's like what's going on? I'm Miranda is like well, I just I feel like I'm not this. I don't look the certain way and I feel like I have to do. Yeah, no, don't I love seeing that so if they're if when that show was on when we were kids if they were tackling subjects that were important to kids why not let the show do that with a woman who's in her 20s or 30s or whatever today right like do that. And if Disney is going well, it's not busy who'd on Hulu Hulu because that's it stupid. Don't do that because it's stupid. Okay might even invest and also a bunch of weird ass shit on Disney. Plus we're fine with it's weird. Yeah, it's weird which which I would be cool with it. If they I want them to put on the guy that's like put Song of the South on there, but put a disclaimer video on the at the front of it. You know, I mean Warner Brothers is better climbers. This is nice. I'm like put a thing where it's like, it's like Disney historian Leonard maltin telling me about what Song of the South is. Give me some context don't have hey tell us about it have you know, what if I could tell you I want a series on it though. I want someone talk like breaking it down. Yes. What if I told you I know where you can find a copy a DVD copy of the library Chapman University Library. Somebody ripped the VHS put it on a DVD put it in the Coyotes and Disney has demanded it back ever since and it's available for rent at the Chapman University libraries. It should be we rented it. It's it's a very boring movie. That's little boy is annoying. It's no Mary Poppins, you know, it's not even a peach Dragon, but I've never seen it but I've heard that it's bad. It's like it just it just all around, you know, multiple multiple gonna fucking stop that shit sucks dude, the new ones better. It sucks. You can't do this. Pop the new one with Karl Urban. It sucks right now and Robert Redford. Is it on the list that are movie? No. No, but it's better. Never end up on this the new piece dragon and the dragon 2016 is better than Pete's Dragon bullshit. I'll break your laptop in half that movie sucked podcast will be over. It's like give me your you're unpopular tip. That's mine. You should because I will totally chime I'll be like John Carter's good Tron legacy is good Peach dragons good all on popular opinion. I don't even want to do it people get mad at me. Why you have all the most popular opinions? What's your unpopular? What are you going to say ride like Ratatouille? What do you say? No, but you can say Star Wars. Yeah, what's your own popular Disney being one of them this shows everybody else on Twitter. It's about you can't there's nothing. There's nothing Keller. No opinions that you have on Disney will shock anybody they're going to shock everybody cromwell's going to be blown away. Go. Hit me with one. I'm saving them for Twitter, dude. Oh my gosh. What do you say cars twos but empowers one. No, I'm going to say cars three is better than cars to do. You think our story? Yeah, I don't think ours do though. I reckon there's a very good drinking game to do with cars to what is it? It's basically like anything yet. Anytime lightning is Lane says good Chow. There was something we're like any time the cars world gets really weird with cars. Like there's a plane in the cars. Go inside the plane and then you sit there thinking like, well what okay, there's planes in this world. There's also Carnes. Are you telling me like another human goes inside another human's body to likes be stored there and then vacates. How did the cars have kids you're they build out a world of lore, but then they don't expand that Laura Arthur the aardvark have a pet dog Mickey. What's good for ya goofy. What's goofy? He's a wolf it's different. But if I had to pick a fill hmm, just because this it's been trending today on Twitter. It was like, what's the top five influential animated films from when you were a kid better known as it's in the Twitter and the 24 to was like a bonus if they're all from different Studios and I'm like watch this you fool, like haha. I'm referencing British animated films Irish animated films or nominated for an Academy. Anime could have killed no kill. Girls, is that what you pick an unknown? Okay, it goes very very good choice though, but like that whole company Secrets, there's no third me that this Triplets of Belleville. Those whole films are great. Definitely check out for an animation. I am going to pick clouds was good. Check out clause one Oscar award that I was like what one Toy Story 4 3 for every year. I'll say this really quick every year the same article comes out it is where the interview to and I share this every year I didn't share this here, but they interview 10 Academy. Voters hate it. What did you do? How did you vote for animation 5 abstain, they say animation doesn't really should belong in the category in the academy, even though we added it because we had films like being the Beast being nominated for best film. And so we added 2001 Shredder on the shark won the first animated Oscar ever. Yep. And so yeah, and so obviously people who were like, I don't want to I don't watch animation. It's for kids. It's not art I pass the remaining five. To will walk to will vote for Disney. They will not watch it, but they will vote for Disney Pixar saying well, it's the brand it's going to be good. I hate it's going to be good because that's that's that they're always good aren't they? I hate that one more will vote Disney because they actually watch it and then to will vote for other nominated other films because they actually see them but like maybe split even split the vote. So yeah, he picks are ends up usually winning. My most frustrated one was when Brave went over Wreck-It Ralph that year because I think Braves great, but I think Ralph 2012 at first when I was like this is amazing, but I think because it was such a video game like it so much of it relied on your knowledge of video games and 80s arcade culture that I feel like Adam e voters who are ancient and dying or like I don't know what that is, but here's a princess movie. I will give it to the principal same thing with like Big Hero 6 the year Big Hero 6 One Big Hero 6 great film why the heck wasn't the Book of Life nominated. I will go down to my grave. I met Jorge Gutierrez earlier this year. He's great and I told him I was like I'm going to say that I'm not I told him I'm like that. So I believe Down To My Grave is that that film is amazing. It's one of my favorite films. I have the artbook and it showed animation. Here's this is a tough question The Book of Life Coco. I can't do this to me. I was also on those people that saw Coco and I was like, they stole things from the book but I think both are really good in their own way. I think they're both are really one's a love story one's a familial story. That's a good point. And yeah, this should be 50 other movies about it. Yeah. No, so it It's such a big deal that there's like what about this one just do more films directed by people of various cultures. That's telling us the stories of their culture. That's been my that was my favorite response from Pixar when they were asked that of like you guys are doing the other last month was like there was already an animated film about that Pixar was very smartly going. Yeah, but how many movies about Christmas have there been and I think even Jorge Gutierrez was saying the same thing even he was like look the success of cocoa will help my movie people having to go seek out my but like it just kind of will raise it high tides, raise all sales so so many Moving. Yeah done by one of the greatest animators of all time James Baxter James Baxter. Holy cow Thanks. James Baxter watches animation real he's unreal. He gets asked to do and fluid animation all the time now for like Steven Universe Gravity Falls, he now does like there's a part in the Steven Universe finale this 360 rotating hand-animated shot where Stephen is embracing Jim Steven spoilers for Steven Universe. It's beautiful and it's done by him. I'm putting the Prince of Egypt on your list. Oh shit. Is such a good movie it's a Biblical musical. It should have been put I think it is being put on Broadway. I adore this movie Musical that Andrew Lloyd Webber have nothing to do with it. And just the animation is insane gorgeous. It's beautiful and smooth and that's just like that's the James Baxter Way. Yeah, that's an excellent pick. I have been meaning to go back and right now I'm watching all of these direct-to-video Warner Brothers DC Superhero. These and I have like a whole new box set. There's 30 of them. So right now I'm focusing on that. That's a lot. Yeah, I'll eventually get to it. I was also at the before that I was focusing on Sony pictures animation movies which Started With Open Season and ended with spider-verse and then I think Angry Birds 2 is the newest one Whatever whatever and there's like 20 movies in there. There's a new move their trailer of the new trailer of the next one is dropping tomorrow Angry Birds to know it's called it's called like interconnected or something. Oh, yeah. It's specifically marketing itself from the studio that Are you into the spider-verse? That's not every they should do that forever. Even if they're Macadam e award-winning Studio that brought you the academy award-winning film what they had before spider-verse. They had the Emoji Movie. They had they'd probably tell Transylvania laughs bullshit on their Goose goose bumps when and to the live-action like those are part of the thing same thing and the Hotel Transylvania has great little transfer area, but some candy fun. I know it's good Gandy funny funny, but those stories that couldn't couldn't deal with but they so did Surf's Up back in the day which I love anyway, I was making my way through all those movies, but I have been wanting to go back and do the dream work stuff and start at Prince of Egypt because I feel like that's their first like I think that's the first movie and then I feel you're a chicken run no Spirits like 2002 Prince of Egypt at the same 90s Jimmy Beck's it might be it's know it is James. It is Jimmy Beck's it's still doing back. Jimmy. Beck's does horses his Spirit. He did spirit and I'm assuming this guy did Sinbad legend of the Seven Seas, which had gorgeous. Animation dreams of Joseph and the Technicolor Dreamcoat Joseph in the field of dreams but like Anastasia because we have had on Blue through and stuff for will dominoed on Blue this upper fox fox animation came up and said what if we did the Disney Princess thing, but with the historical fiction princess and we're gonna make up half the story everyone was like, okay and then and then and then what is it Fox and they go. Okay. What if we did Titan AE and even was like stop, so the first time I stopped I was like no other They have basically Dimitri cologne in that one. Yeah, I was thinking about that film earlier today because of course the animation tweet. And the first time I ever saw that maybe was in my Spanish class because we had to watch it in the sixth grade all in Spanish so we can understand it because at the school I went to they started Spanish at the age of kindergarten. So he was fully like you were supposed to grow up with it. And so I remember it being called LP Dom and I was like, that's the only way I remember that movie now is like it would be fun to watch as the time. That sounds awesome. the Titan that's better than Titan AE reminds me of Treasure Planet yeah church planting was good though I like this story Treasure Planet is so sad such a weird area for animation well just like ya gotta keep making those Hercules and Aladdin and then we'll let you make your dream Treasure Island project and then it just like no marketing and like no like I wrote it was I love that movie I do too I think it was good but I want to re-watch it but I think it was good it has a reference in Kingdom Hearts 3 now Martin Short robot yeah sure all right that's basically the only thing I remember from that movie but weird weird error for animation for sure Gordon-Levitt but but but Prince of Egypt I still remember how stunning it was the animation was I feel like it is the Zenith of what hand-drawn animation could do even claws looks great but it feels like it's still comes from that school that you know and then they can just use kind of like CG and shading over hand-drawn stuff to make it look amazing Easy, but like I'm like they were doing that shit with Prince of Egypt man. It looked amazing and it's like it is religious. It's all like I said, it's a religious story. Yeah, but it's also like like I saw someone share something on Twitter the other day on a movie I like where they're talking about the scene where after Joseph God talks of Joseph through the burning bush, which is just a really cool animated scene to begin with because they actually use a little bit of CG and therefore that flame on that bush originally. It was scripted that he was going to be telling like he tells his wife what happens and then James was like no there's there's no words. For someone to describe how this happens. So the whole scene afterwards is completely just scored and you just see him. It's all in his body movements and she just kind of sits down and watches him and it's the such this human-like. I love how do I explain that? I just talked to God everything just drops out and it's just the score. Yeah love that shit. So and music is also one of the best things about this game. Okay the whole like once I called you brother like that whole song between ramzes. It's so fucking Lakes and then all the kids died. Yeah, that was pretty old age. Look definitely a whole Bible. They do that. They do that. Well, they didn't straight up whole Bible in there. Hmm. Wow, and by that, I mean part of Exodus really cool that second book number one Christian Bale played one of those guys. Oh, yeah and Joel Edgerton Joel Edgerton. Was it Joel Edgerton? It was right? Yeah from from Bright. Yeah, it was him. Let's see if we can pick another movie, huh? Nope, he's Joel Edgerton from the movie The Director know you mean well Smith from the movie bright. Yeah from Wilson is Right. Netflix is bright. That's matter. What Smith from Gemini man? We saw that that was a wild film. Yeah. It was while went High frame rate. We did say we went at 10:00 in the morning. We ate popcorn and we daddy or no. No, he didn't. Yes. We did. We did made sure. We went all the way downtown to make sure we saw it in high frame rate 3D cool. And what's better than to Will Smith three Will Smith's Man, that's what they say about that man. Because men might even a movie. We got a thermostat little baby one is part of that movie. I don't even give a shit that I'm spoiling this movie. I'm sorry, but the funniest thing about that movie is Keller and I were like, you know what the ending of that movie should have been she'd just been an army of toddler Will Smith phones and they just keep getting younger and younger until it eventually Will Smith has to fight off an army of fetuses like like Daddy here. They're me, but younger that's what Gemini man should have been so it should have been hmm. I'm a killing machine guns for hunting Toddlers and fetuses have been great. Whatever. You say quite Ivo when you're my dad. Yeah. Sure just go kill adult Will Smith. Okay, that movie was a trip as Baby Geniuses Gemini man. That's a sequel. Let's put it to Angley and leading up just getting Angley you're allowed to do something, but you could you could do whatever you want Angley. You did Crouching Tiger. Hidden Dragon and Hulk so you can do whatever you want. That's those the two reasons gotta watch whatever you want. You got next time. I know that you're very busy. I know Adams very busy, but next time you guys have an afternoon. Like what should we watch fucking watch Hulk. It's so the watch all the second half a whole know. What's the whole thing? Because the first half this is how emotional it is and in the second half. It's like, huh? Yeah, what's this movie? It's an emotional, huh? That's what I'd call me. I'd let me Hulk. Me just let me go to bat for hook for a second just real quick, but you don't wrap to real. I just want to say this everybody loved the superhero movie where Christian Bale played the main hero and it took 40 minutes to for him to suit up his Bat like this took me like an hour right whole time. Sure. Sure sure, but it's the other time and then in Batman, it's like To become the darkness. You must make me like he's doing things. Yeah. Well he was doing stuff in wasn't he? That was he not he's like just keyboards a lot. I think it was a little ahead of you starting to science. I don't know. I like my men like, this is a piano. I think he is. So the lonely man, I wish yes, so it is completely scored by Billy Joel. Yeah, that'd be great. Not Piano Man lonely man. Did I say piano man? I didn't I meant yeah. Okay, that's funny. No, because the theme for the whole TV show was the lonely man that was scored by Joseph harnell. Who's the father of Jessica Nelson just voice of Glasgow from Animaniacs. That's such a good theme for doing terrible don't have to leave just like Harry Dean Stanton who also met the Hulk in The Avengers movie and you said something about Quantum Leap in this movie. Yeah Dean Stockwell. From Quantum Leap Never sing with Scott Bakula who was in Cats Don't Dance which is an awesome movie. Also. I saw your Tweet about that. I'm like that movie is so good to who just that one Warner Brothers, we're brothers. Okay, that makes sense because it's like there's so many references in it. This is such a good movie big it would have won best animated feature if they had that. Oh it's so it's so it's because it's all right. Emily fantastic vehicle and Prince of Egypt. Thanks for representing with animation to we always love that. I will always come on here. And but also your other text in that lips know what a pig's Pete Speed Racer eraser eraser. I mean, what the hell? Services delivery Short yeah however as a grownup I have grown to love castle of cagliostro I think that's one of miyazaki's bests and it's a great introduction to the loop on franchise if you have not seen it now can I watch another one of the smellier basically is you basically like figure out who the characters are you basically just have to know like oh these people just go on a heist I have a really nice Miyazaki box at and that movies you know you want to watch that with me watch this please watch the watch the sub watch a subtitle okay the dub the meet the Miramax dub was really really good back in the day Disney the Disney acquired up is not that very good ears how about this one book or row so the dub has Michael Keaton as Porco Rosso all the Disney dubs are they bring in like Christian Christian our boy Christian Bale is how Billy Crystal is calcifer it's great Thornton and Princess Mononoke what's his name in gosh it was his last film before his wife murdered him Kiki's Delivery Service he's alert he's deliver Services his last film last live-action film was Small Soldiers what happened I loved it as a kid. I did too cool as fuck. It would watch it. Now. It's like yeah, buddy. Yeah Secret of Kells is a great movie. I also really wanted to put I mean any Satoshi Kon paprika is really great because all about like film and just the Mind team actress limiters Tokyo. Godfather's is so good. It's a heartbreaking film. It's beautiful and then yeah, there's some more there's some more animated films that have come out this year and the past couple of years that from other directors that I really need to see but I'm such a champion of small Animation Studios and also for an Animation Studios because it's awesome. Yeah, just go see more animated movies. They're not just for kids. It was really cool that Abby got to be in the new dub of Millennium actress. Oh, yeah. I took my dad we went to go to like when it was playing an AMC theater at night. My dad really liked it and he usually never watches anime films and I it was good to see Khan has like such a millennium actress has such a cool score that paprika have fantastic weird awesome scores Emily. Thank you again for joining us. Podcast Network can people find you and your work follow you on Twitter? Yeah that frankly underscore Emily you follow me on the Twitter's. That's where I share. I share my articles from geek girl Authority. So get like updates on the podcast some on or where you can catch me next and yeah, my Instagram is frankly underscore Emily with an extra little underscore. Hopefully, we'll be starting a YouTube channel soon. Cool B, just deep diving into video games and whatnot. So, yeah. Hell yeah, excellent Kelly what movie were watching next week? Who's it gonna be? Next week. Ooh. Scary Mulholland Drive. Scary. I've never seen it is you are it's like a hornwort. It's like David Lynch made a horror movie people say it's very scary. This might be my first David Lynch movie that I'm ever gonna watch. Really. Yeah. I've never seen Twin Peaks. Did you watch the monkey thing? No, not yet. Watch that before Muhammad Drive. Yes. Okay. Yeah, and that's why I'm so hard right I'm singing LED. I've seen a few episodes of Twin Peaks and I was like, all right, man. I do not have the brain this you do this right now our guest is going to be Or Cameron race. Yes, great combo because you huge Lynch head looks huge Lynch had mmm feels weird to say I don't think that's a huge fan of David Lynch. Yeah, that will do that and you can actually watch Mulholland Drive. It's a rentable online for like two bucks on like red box for 190. But also Cameron has it so asked him to borrow it. Yeah after we watch asked him to come over like it's going to for us and just bring over the things that watch it 60 billion times before you watched it with us. Yeah, that's the audience of our podcast not even true. Shout out to all of our loyal listeners population of the I don't know dude. We have to re-watch here McGuire to hit that I don't have that. Yeah, probably nice Emily you the best in the biz great pick. Thanks for watching this movie tonight and help me. You're very welcome and we'll be back next week with Mahalo and drive go watch that and our guests gonna be Cameron. Okay, bye-bye. Go to places. Yeah.