Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to go?Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do Tunes Apple Spotify, there's like 15 of them. So just pick one and subscribe. We got a few shoutout to Google podcast shouts Google podcast. Yes. We're back here on Tuesdays when I have a ideally a guest for you guys every single week this week. We are thrilled to be joined by the one and the only the legendary Mike walks guys. All right, you know, it's pretty good at what he does pretty good. Yeah a bit of a legend in our Circle so for him to bring the inside and to season 2 episode 1 Steal some time. I'm honored I think stews honored. Oh incredibly honored. I don't even know if I have the words for how honored I am and that's not being facetious at all. I actually Mike Watts is listening as real as it gets Mike Watts is as real as it gets. He is a beautiful incredible. Yeah. So super hyped to have him on he has a lot of really great things to say. It's make sure you stick around for that one. But listen 2020s underway. We've got 35 teams 595 regular season matches over 33 weeks of play. So if you didn't sleep Over the last two months you're at a loss. She told me she was watching all of them to like literally every single one. She was like if I can't catch it live. I'll just spend my week with watching the replay I said wow about time you caught up with the group, you know, Stu. Just putting me on my ass front of the world. It's just it's a title. It's a responsibility, you know few chosen, but you know only only those of us who feel the most appropriated get the honor of catching every single game Nicholas Murray and now Kelsey steel well the to to rise to the occasion truly We've got San Diego and Miami making their USL Championship debuts this week each team set to play 34 games over the course of 33 weeks. We've got so much going on. And of course we're sticking with that same kind of story line as last season. So Seasons going to end and conclude I should say on Saturday October 17th, and we'll have I think 17 matches on what is known as decision day. So that's going to be an epic party here first hurry or Forest first. But yeah, it was crazy. When you look at the regular season schedule in 2020. You've got 385 games on Saturdays alone. That's a lot and then you want to like talk about a big picture here just from Friday through Sunday. You talking about five hundred and nine games? So like 85% of the schedule. It's happening on the weekend. So we know you guys aren't working. We know you have nothing else to do than watch these usfl Championship Games there on ESPN. Plus they are every single game. ESPN Flusser come along for the ride, you know, it's it's gonna have its Peaks and valleys for sure, but I would venture to say that most if not every single game you choose on that incredible platform is going to be worth at least 90 minutes of your time and then 20 plus games of course across ESPN networks this season, which is which is all which is awesome. The first one obviously slated to start this Saturday. So listen Scott, I just think we have to just get right into it. Yeah, it's time we are we are looking to half of the week. We've got a lot of really great stuff on the play on the show for you guys this week. So I first and foremost we've had about to wish months I say ich because it's offseason doesn't really start for us until about January. So I've got to know over that span of time Scott. What was your favorite moment this offseason across the u.s. Oh, that's tough. That's tough me being me. I could why wouldn't be here if I pick just one moment. So I'd like to quickly. Hey for yeah, thankfully. Thankfully. I'm not sure what we Before but yeah. Alright, let's quit out talking about that. I think honestly one of them has to be the introduction of both Miami and San Diego like we knew San Diego a little bit going into last year but like to truly see the club take shape. And now we have this beautiful canvas of what is going to be an incredible Club. Hopefully a top-class organization and that's on and off the field the same goes with Miami just kind of the buzz coming around winter Summit and and people being there and they were like, I can't really tell you my name or where I'm from or anything like that. That and then it comes out later that afternoon that them the Miami FC has joined the USL Championship, but I think recently it has to be just the incredible range in both the schedule reveals, which I thought clubs went the next level 2 but the kit reveals. I think we've just had some beautiful beautiful shirts come out in the USL Championship. I think we'll get into those as the year goes on but like early favorites and he's awake. It is gorgeous. Rino's kid is gorgeous. I've been impressed with sand. Ergo we just saw in New Mexico this weekend. So no shortage. I'll say that you talk about schedule releases. I'm not going to let you just get over that. You're right. We had some incredible releases our content teams across the league did a fantastic job this year. Do you have a favorite? I think I do and I just I failed to mention their kid just now too but Phoenix what Phoenix did with the players drawing the drawing the the stuff and obviously they've got incredible shirts that they're going to do. Spy throughout this year. I'm just kind of I'm kind of a have a different Jersey on Scott every episode. I think I get it from my boss though. This like fashion art culture mix like Ryan Madden does it so cool. I'm just like if I can be as cool as that guy on that space and then we'll make it but Ryan's gonna clip that recording and play it every day as he's walking into the office. Yeah. Now he has to listen the the sooner we can tell him that this did not happen. I think the better for all of us in this room especially but Phoenix did a row Reno In the the deal the school. I thought that was really really cool Indie throwing it back with the vines. I thought that was entertaining we had some really good ones. I cannot leave out the Tampa Bay rowdies and not only is why would you ever not only this Pete the Pelican content? But now I have Penny the Pelican in my life. This is this is groundbreaking for me. I need to get through like the first week of the Season just to realize that everything's back at loan and like the amount of time. It's going to take me to process all of this may take us to know. Member 2020 so just be prepared for a year-long Pete and Penny back and forth that we got going on. That's it for me though. I think I've made my appearance and there's not on the bottom. There's a there's going to be a little Pelican on the way from competing Penny. Well, I don't want to start talking about that as a possibility. Doesn't you guys have to understand? I know you don't get the the pleasure of seeing Scott and I scream at each other for an hour every day, but we also sit across from each other. So we just spend a lot of time together and we live In the same complex, so it's really just Scott's following me everywhere. It's not staying but she claims it's not by Design Scott has come up with this new hobby in the office and we're going there good. We're he has appointed himself the self-proclaimed artist in the office and is now laying posted notes on random people's deaths throughout the office that resemble either Penny or Pete the Chicken. Yeah, it's like Picasso and like some modernistic portrait style art a little hurt. Here's got everyone's going to go. I haven't gotten mine either. Don't you worry? It's a long season folks. It's got its its it like it's an in the moment. It's real-time inspiration if I just like if I'm thinking about it, then it's got to hit the paper. They're only like four in existence. Yeah, and neither on mice or my desk. So time give it time guys. This is a long and fruitful season that we're in. Huge fall there will be many Pete and Penny drawings and portraits by myself. You heard it here first item to so this case you forgot Pete and Penny posted portraits. Wow. This is just too much. Anyways, my favorite moment of the off season since I know you were so curious, but you asked else. Yeah. Tell us what's your favorite moment of the offseason? Let's talk about it. Thank you for asking Scott. I'm excited to share mine was the Birmingham V Birmingham. Love story. That unfolded here a few weeks ago across our social media feeds honestly, if you're listening this podcast and you have no idea what we're talking about. I are you a fan of the USL. I don't know dude Twitter such a weird Twitter is such a weird place even u.s. Album you even USL. I don't know. That's your motto for this year. This was the coolest or most organic relationship I've ever seen unfold and what's even cooler is here. It's been three or four weeks. I think since the initial all A hype started kind of coming around this Alliance, but now I'm seeing tweets from fans over in Europe with their Birmingham Legion kids and in vice versa scarves, whatever you name it and I just it the sport truly is so Global and I think that was such a cool reflection of it and for it to happen. So naturally out of nowhere. It's like this is why you love Twitter it is it is why you love Twitter, but just what a strange I think Organics the only way you could put it right. Yeah, shout out Memphis for being some good sports throughout this so that all the real MVP starting this entire experience have they've taken it a little bit. So that is definitely my my top off season moment though. I thought that was super entertaining, but I want to get back to your kit announcement. Yeah. Okay. So there is a game that many people play often times, you know, maybe surrounded by alcohol or whatever. It may be it's inappropriate. So I don't even know if I can like save For the verbage something marry kill. Okay, so I thought how fun would it be to kind of play this game? It make it our own a little bit. So I thought it would be fun if we did it with you. I sell kits the new ones for the 2020 season, but we do where Barry sell. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. He doesn't do it. I don't know if there's any other rules. I understand the concepts. Okay. Great. Go Matt calvo. Would you please do the honors? Hello friends? He's Back, we did not previously determine who is what kids were being picked, right? So this is know this is random. This is on the Fly for the moment on the fly. So for you Scott Stewart. Hmm. I have New Mexico Birmingham and San Antonio which Birmingham red red Where San Antonio because wow like I'm almost ashamed of myself that I didn't say that immediately is one of our in Czech bakeable. Yeah, seriously, I feel bad. I'll I'll ask for forgiveness for a long time for that one that came from you and not her goal is just a wind me up. I think it's because they're a sign of how far we've come or how far we have come as a sign of something. No doubt San aware Man, I hate to bury Birmingham but I've got to do it in favor of selling New Mexico. Like I just I think that both of those kids are extremely unique. I mean obviously with New Mexico the cool thing is they're the only American professional Club to be partnering with Puma right now. It is a beautiful shirt. It's a great concept. It's got a little bit of Dortmund and it but definitely has some identifiers that New Mexico does a better job than I will of explaining what that significant is. Yeah. I think that's what we'll go with. Well we're San Antonio Well, New Mexico make a crazy profit and then just unfortunately Barry birmingham's which was not my intent. I think that everyone deserves to know that we just gave him some love though. Yeah, so you deserve kind of levels out, right? It always levels out all the hashed all of the Twitter hate all of it from from Birmingham. Yeah directed. I deleted my Twitter account this year, by the way, so you're going to have to just send all feedback to Kelsey. She that's great just flood the mention appreciate that and while you're at it you can give her feedback on her three jerseys. I did Charleston Tulsa and North Carolina. Hmm. Wow, I'm going to sell Tulsa. Sorry that was like I just knew ready immediate right out of the gate there. This is awful. I'm for the record your idea Barry and sell our like lose lose at least make it is a losing one of them wouldn't wear be the marry one. But the berry that Berry you don't get any but cell you're acknowledging that it's good and you're going to make money. So sorry. So FC Tulsa, I'm burying sorry. I'm gonna sell Charleston and I'm aware North Carolina of see all about that sponsor. I support that because if you if you do anything but we're that North Carolina kit you missed the boat. It is games it is so beautiful the detail on the sleeves just like completely we over dreamville and Dreamland, of course. Just perfect one that Matt calvo didn't choose to throw into the scenario was Reno as well, which I want to throw some love to that's that was a nice kid, but like all in all I am so proud of our clubs this season like they did an excellent job one with these designs and you know coming up with some really creative looks this season. Not not all leagues get to have this opportunity. So it's really cool that our Championship clubs do have the opportunity to really Express themselves and you know, Work with their sponsors or you know, whatever it may be but on top of that the reveals were out of this world are you just shows that these clubs are listening to their fans. They're listening to not just the social media fans, but they're listening to fans in their Community like dreamville a local music festival, which granted is a huge music festival but is still like in the heart of that area there. They're listening to those that matter around them. They're involving supporters and think you hit the nail on the head. This isn't something that every Club in every league has an opportunity to do right and we saw it in League won last year with Ford Madison. Just taking some major leaps and making it happen for themselves. I think we've seen even more impressive reveals this season across the championship like what San Antonio did and put together. I mean that's that's something that should be replicated across the board and yet you've only got a handful of Clubs who are really really knocking it out of the park. So yeah, I hate to pick a favorite and I won't but just A round of applause for the championship clubs who have really taken it to the next level with this stuff. It's huge. You're all a beautiful. Yeah. I really just extravagant kids and guess what we get to see them on the pitch for the first time this weekend. So we're going to get into 2020 predictions because there's no way that we can talk about the 2020 season without throwing out some extremely was awful and we'll probably not age. Well predictions from Scott and myself. Yeah me especially I think we can include that especially since I have answers written down for maybe four. The rest is just going to be let's just do this guy's I'm all in. All right? Yeah, let's get after it. So I figured let's just start big usfl Championship final 20 20 November who are the final two teams and that game Scott want to go first or me? Because if I go first I have to have to wing it, but if if you guys that's fine, we'll work off of me fine. I have Indy and Phoenix and the 2020 final I think in the as a whole with a very impressive Squad that 2019 season and I think in 2020 they brought in a few crucial elements that are really going to take them. I think to that final place and where they need to be. I think that when you look at the Eastern Conference, they're going to be the most consistent team this He's and now I will say that doesn't always reflect a USL team which of final appearance. I understand that but when we're going in kind of blind to what these teams are going to produce I am going to go Indy on the Eastern Conference as Andy have the required Firepower to get through a playoff run. So also here's my thing. I don't think you necessarily need Firepower. Okay, Phoenix had all the Firepower in the world and they did make that final that's fair. That's very fair. So I think I think what makes Indy So good is you have a club and Indy Eleven that is very unified that everyone is very aware of what their roles are. There's not I mean I might in that locker room I get that but from the outside looking in and from the conversations I've had with the guys on that team there. There isn't an ego problem, you know, everyone's very aware of what they need to bring the table and what they need to do to get that job done and I think Martin Rennie has had a really really good job of putting the people the right people in the right place. Get what they need and what they were 90 seconds away from making a championship. Let's be real like they ouch. Yeah, it's listen. I those words are from Nicholas Marie. So but it's true. It's also true. They were very close and did not make the cut and listen. I mean, I just it's how do you not pick Phoenix? It is so difficult. And I mean what they did in 2019 was unprecedented. You know, that being said, I think it's equally hard to imagine them duplicating. That I mean to come back and did they broke so many of Cincinnati records in 2019. Did the unthinkable in so many ways including not making the championship final I just I don't know how I can't pick them. Yes. They lost a few key pieces there with you know, Adam John going over to Atlanta and a few other pieces, but I think Santi coming in is going to do a lot of great things and they've got a few other pickups that make sense as Well, and I think that they are very hungry. They are not satisfied. That being said there are still just there's a lot of good Western Conference sides coming into this twenties and so mean I could look like an idiot here in two months, which is probably likely but I'm going to hold firm. It's just difficult though, you know, I tend to lean more towards the teams that can score over the teams that Pride themselves on defensive stability, but the argument could be made most or both ways just like you said with Phoenix, but then I look at Pittsburgh who is one of the most defensively sound teams of the Year Birmingham who was defensively sounding than lost seven. Nothing to Pittsburgh in the the I guess technical second round of the championship playoffs, but the round after the playing around I see Phoenix. I see Phoenix. I don't know if I trust it just yet. My big thing with them is they had this tall's and the smalls partnership going on with Adam John and Solomon Asante playing off each other extremely. Well, the tall is gone was replaced by a small in Santa Monica. Now, it's just a question of and I don't doubt this by any means but how's it going to work? How are they going to integrate with each other? Are they going to find the same smoothness where if Asante gets to the byline and he whips in a ball Santee more is The end of it instead of Adam John. I think there are just there are questions to that. It's obviously the first week of March so I don't feel too much pressure to pick a championship final winner accurately that said I've crossed it out twice. I'll just stick with it though. I've got Phoenix Louisville, you know that I'm looking at his sheet right now and I wrote it down and I was like nah, and then I wrote it down again. I was like, I don't know but now that we're here. I think I've just gotta stick with it. I don't even know what it is. Maybe how much exactly yeah, I know for you to even rewrite it. No just cross it out twice and just loved and notice how much heavier the first cross out is versus the second the second one. I was like maybe I won't crosses on all the way dying. Okay, so you yeah good Phoenix and little who's hosting will With I think Phoenix will host if we get in this scenario. I don't this is going to sound really weird, but just stick with me. I think there are some questions that Louisville needs to answer about playing on not Slugger Field versus Lin Family Stadium. You would assume it would only make them better. I assume the same but now I just need to see it for myself. I think it's I think it's a valid it's a valid question to raise early on in the season at least you come June if you're struggling playing on a pristine surface, I think we have some bigger issues at hand than that, but But I'm gonna go Phoenix Louisville. I'm gonna go Phoenix hosting and I will leave it at that. So pretty sturdy limb that you're standing on really really took a chance there on that final Scott. Wow, and Phoenix. India is so bold. You just said that and he's like the most consistent across the league and then Phoenix is like this all around 2019 monster. Neither. One of them were there last year and David I think yeah, but he was dead lucky to get their gum there again. I don't think they'll be as lucky. I think they'll have everything they need and then some guys you'll see once we continue. This is the same guy that last year was like nah, this Louisville team, they're not they're not the same way that we've seen and the only they're standing about El Paso. I think the El Paso steam just runs out. I listen. I forget nothing I've ever said so if all of this is weighing in the back of my brain, I'm sticking with this one because it's March guys, it's March. What am I supposed to do be right? That sounds really far-fetched. And really far-fetched even in October two weeks from the playoffs beginning. All right, we'll move down the list Most Valuable Player. I've got Solomon Asante for Phoenix because I think he could do it again tree trunks eyes. Limo guys. This is why I don't write anything down because I would rather just go for it. Like what I don't think Sebastian Velasquez can do it for Miami. I don't think he'll be the MVP. I would love to say Sebastian when Saudi but I've got a lot of questions about him lining up with Kyle Murphy and the productive capability that He's going to produce I'm not going to say Cameron Lancaster. Even though I think he could be the Golden Boot winner will get into that later. I just I don't know if there's another just clear-cut. I'm looking at him. That's my guy. Like, I would love to say Tyler pasture. I would absolutely love to say Tyler Pastor or even better Carl Hayworth comes into Indian just does something unprecedented see but now you got me all riled up. I asked an answer and explanation and all you've done is named all the other guys you wish you could have picked instead of Solomon is I don't mean to sound a I think he has by far both in the past and in the present, he's got all the skills that kill. He's got the capability to produce goals and assists as we saw last year setting the record for most combined goals and assists I'm going with Solomon us on if we continue the podcast long enough Scott wolf named every player registered for a USL Championship Club. I'd love to say Moses nyman. All right. Well who's your pick then thin thin tree trunk limit, you're going to stand out on let's go ahead. Yeah, you know, I was it's March healthy smart. I am equally uncertain about my pick but you gotta pick somebody and so I'm I'm gonna say Nico Brett. Wow. Wow, because it's time for a change. Okay to from The one-years-old musante Wanted it was just I mean it is a long Year and how many records can one dude like pull together? Yes. I'm going Nico Brett. I like we've talked about this so much that he has been such a crucial addition to this Birmingham side. He's a guy who produced a lot last year. I mean, he had 17 goals last year. Yeah alone. I think he's somebody who's awesome. He produces heavily on on the assist side as well. You know, he's somebody who's going to set people up. I think that if If Tommy can get him in in the right position is with this Legion side. I think it could be something spectacular he it could equally not work out. Well, I it's rare. I think that you see somebody when the golden Boo Boo and not the MVP. He usually those are one of the same I mine are two different guys. So maybe they're like and they're like, yeah like, so maybe I'm, you know equally like could get one and not the other you know, which is fine. But Niko Brett's a guy for me. He has a whole package and that's what being the most valuable player means to me. And these are the whole package and I think that he's bringing a level to Birmingham that Birmingham desperately needs that's that's where I live. That's where I like your mwp your most whole package. Did he really just say that I think we should move on we're going to move on golden boots Golden Boot peace assault my God. I just look at this paper. Assuming everyone is healthy and starting the The entire season it's Cameron Lancaster. I'm not I'm not even going to really open up that can of work. That's the issue though. Like but cam has swear words were it's very it's very known thing that cam struggles being healthy. Yeah, but he also scores a lot of goals when he's not he's got one of the best goals for 90 in league history as we educate our youth a bursary season you can argue that so that's who I'm going with if we're all fit and firing the entire season. Okay. I don't even want to present an alternate because I don't want to I don't want to wish poorly on anybody and Their performance but I think that there are some very strong contenders across the board one of them being Nico breath. I think that this what's exciting about the new teams that were bringing to the League this year is not only are both of those teams stacked with some a lot of offensive power, but we are really spread this year of the amount of guys that I person think can make an impact offensively which is super exciting but makes our job really difficult. Yeah. So for me, I'm going to kind of go into the history books a little bit here kind of like you did and I'm going Romario Williams. Okay. I think this is somebody who's proven that he can score like that's without a doubt our Mario Williams scores golf's yeah, like we're talking like 32 goals over 64 games and his time in Championship like he can score. I think that there's something to be said about him being my knees for signing as a championship Club as well. Like that's proof that they have the utmost confidence and somebody like Mario and then of course, you've got a guy who's only 25 that has Much experience under his belt with the crew with Atlanta. Obviously long time here in the championship as well. I expect or my limbs to make a massive impact if he doesn't win the Golden Boot fine, but he will make a serious impact. Well, yeah because you look I mean not only is he clearly their number 9 right? I mean he has competition in the forward department. But when you look at who's going to be leading the line, it's a Mario Williams as many weeks as possible. Then you look at the quality of service behind them. They've got bezel Court in there, but they've also got Sebastien valet. Ask has who can clearly pick a pass just as well as he can score and then you got the service from the full-backs. Notably. Someone like Marco Franco who's got a lot of experience in this as well. I think it's certainly like I dig that that's a that's a solid pick keep it rolling. So what about Golden Glove Golden Glove? This is this was actually really difficult for me really? It was pretty simple for me. Okay, that's I'm looking forward to this because they were so up and down and then just hit like a crazy stretch. Throughout the year. I don't think they'll be the same way. But it does make me wonder if they're sacrificing a little bit on the defensive end in favor of what can happen in the attacking end. That is my way of saying I picked Matt van o'cl out of Birmingham to win the Golden Glove again Birmingham had one of the best defenses in the championship last year. It was the offensive department where they struggle to produce record-setting numbers. I think they might have a little more in attack to offer this year. They've got Brian right back. Obviously. We just talked about Nico Brett but I think defensively they can be just as stable as they were assuming. They don't give up enough on the other side. I think Matt for all of his incredible saves last year if he can do half of those again, I think he's a very solid front runner. I love that pick it do people know this. He's the goalkeeper coach also. Yeah, he's not just their their main guy in the back home and he's just he's a vet. I mean, he's like, he's certainly not out of his depth by any means he's He's seen a lot in this league and just in his career in general and I think that he has the potential to do something again special for that clown friend of the show and friend of the show Matt van o'cl one of the most interesting guests we've ever had on steal some time. It was a good interview. It was a good interview. What a guy? Yeah, that might be so that's where we're going. Okay, um, wow you really you really worked yours up. Listen Okay. So Mom, I saw yours. Why are you laughing? I just want to hear the I just want to hear the explanation. I think it's possible. I just want to hear the explanation. Yeah, so I think that this keeper has made a name for himself in the league when he was announced that he would be joining this club. Everybody in this office was like holy crap. This is a move like at that point were like this club is not messing around. Yes here so our ever yeah, whatever. So for me, I think that him moving into this role was I think that it is a nice fit. I think he's the biggest part of this entire thing is he's talented. He's proven that he is successful in this leaked on top of that. I think he's got a very strong back line who will support him in that Venture. And with that I'm going Evan lauro the Tampa Bay rowdies respect. I'm only laughing because I could see you picking it. I'm not laughing at the dead by what what what what what what does that mean that I could just see you just like all right. He's just crossed the pond over there like Evan Laura's good, you know. Oh just putting two and two together. You call me a homer. I am not calling you a homer. I just this is a pic that I've I could see you making and I I think it's a good pick. I'm going to stick with that. I could just see it coming. That's all the love that can I offer up an alternate. Okay, just quickly. I think Logan ketterer in El Paso has a lot of potential it was right on I on the list every Bas for as much as I'm told I talk about the East I would like to give some love to the West so Then cut her potentially potentially. Okay, and then we get a little fun. Yeah, who's gonna be the first SportsCenter Top 10 and 20 20 Asante. It's going to be solemn innocente. He's just going to do something pay you not directly. No, that's a that's a conversation for a different podcast for sure. No, I just think I think if we look at the combination of someone who has as much skill as he has has a little bit of flair and can do the unthinkable at the drop of a hat. I think it's so low. Only thing we're agreeing on I also said Phoenix I but I went team rather than oh because I just think that there's a lot of guys on that team who can make a lot of noise and you attending solo the presents on really really flashy things. I think that could easily come from a junior Fleming's or came on or you know, whoever it may be on the given day. I would also love it to be Urban para and San Diego first first game of the week Las Vegas lights Saturday night lights. I would love it to be someone with San Diego. Okay. How about the first viral highlight? Also got weirdly specific with my God. Okay, so just so we can differentiate here like the between SportsCenter Top 10, which are viral. Yes, but when we have had some viral highlights in this year, let's talk about the pinball scenario. I believe that was Charleston, North Carolina. Yeah. It was tough. It was tough at last year tembe had the locker room egg. Yep. Incident United's like, oh my God just can't score cans were yeah, so that's what we mean. We talk about viral moments. Yeah Scott, please. I just I don't know what it is. I just think that it's going to happen at some point in time the way you lead in with these things. Sorry. I think it's I'm gonna go with Lowden United's Moses neyman and just stick with me. He is he's young. So there are already a lot of eyeballs on him just because he's young and supremely talented. He's got an incredible future ahead of them. I don't know I have not looked at Loudon schedule, so I don't know how I'll go quality the Russian defense is going to be on the day. But I just think with with his ability to come in there as like a 15 16 year old kid and show up the game. It may not be viral in the sense of like wow, this this one social post blows up, but I think you have so many people tuned into this level of American soccer that will see his performance and be like this kids got a future and that's where I'm thinking when I think viral. Okay. All right. It's like deep viral. Yeah it is. It's the viral Scott's all up in his feelings here days before him telling we go I believe in these kids. We should have put him on the hype video honest you Absolution. So I took the team route Again Naturally should have known what I was getting myself into but I am going in CFC good good good bottle or we get another pinball. We're going to go like some sort of funny. Oh good. So here like hear me out you've got To lose on the mic for the first time this year right calling games alongside D&D. Yeah, Dean Haley knows jingling keys. I character himself shout out Dean Bobcat fellow Bobcat. So those two for one in a booth together during games, like honestly going to be incredible. So picturing them calling something funny that happens on the field like whether it's like a bird swooping down and like swooping something. Off of one of the guys jerseys and running with their like untying one of their shoes. I don't like just something like really weird Sergeant hitting the crossbar and tumbling. Yeah and like Landing the somersault hard. Yeah. So I just I think that when you add those two guys commentating whatever's going to happen on the pitch and also you've got some characters and CFC side as well that I think are really just going to kind of add fuel to the fire. So that's my that's my lock. I like it. We could get it in Dean's opening monologue for all we know totally it's almost like I have an end. It's almost Like you haven't it's like once again the odds are not cry foul on that one. Yeah last last big one here. Who's your dark horse in 2020? This was also really yeah. This was really difficult and I already changed my mind from what I had down. Okay, that's impressive. I want to go with El Paso mainly because I felt bad that I slept on them the majority of the playoff run last year timeout. Wait, can they be a dark horse when they were in the Western Conference? Absolutely I did because I I think that they're labeled as a front runner for for the Western Conference this year. Okay, when I think Dark Horse, I think it's someone who's outside of the leading candidates which again that's almost why I want to Teeter on this line because I think they could be a leading candidate. You could make the case that Omar Salgado marvelous Lomas Dylan mayor's all that good stuff. I think I'm going to go San Antonio though. I think that they have they have young energy. They have legs. They've been revitalized. They've got a new coach and Alomar Cena. I just think they have used every single building block that they had in their Arsenal in the offseason and have built up something that could carry them a far away. Of course barely missing the playoffs last year. If the line is just hey, we need to make the playoffs this year. I think it's clear that San Antonio would be that but I'm talking like a team that has the potential behind. Gallegos Christian parano, especially the Young Guns to do some some real damage can playoff time. I love that show. Thank you. San Antonio shots a good one. I really struggled with this because I think that there's a lot of questions and they are in terms of like who is the top four five FrontRunner in each conference right now because that is very subjective and I think it's a very hard notion to get into when the ball hasn't dropped yet. Sure so initially My very first thought hear me out, Tulsa. Because for many reasons, I think that this is a club that's gone. I mean obviously just completely revamped in the offseason talking about a new look new ownership new messaging everything is brand spanking new. So you've got a blank slate here for a club to kind of come in and totally just do things different. Oh, yeah, and then on top of that they've got you know, Rodrigo DeCosta, they've got leave em loaded probably Bourgeois. They've got some really, you know, test Aegis names in this use I'll Championship Circle. Coming on to the team this year that said my Dark Horse because I can EQ equal ego-self quickly, but I think that if anybody's gonna if there's a club that's going to surprise people this season it I think it's going to be them Antonio being good about the pivot on me again. I was like wow. No, I mean because like San Antonio being good isn't going to be like a surprise. This is a good club as a whole. They had just had a really bad 2019, you know, all that being said, I really wanted to say San Diego mmm, but I think that if you talk to five people who cover USL Championship, they might have San Diego in their top five for sure conference. So I didn't feel like it was fair to put them into my Dark Horse, even though I think it is extremely hard for an expansion side to come out guns a-blazing making an impression and a run in the postseason. It's a hard thing to do. Yeah. I mean would it would even like a Birmingham or Sacramento be a dark horse technically You mean Birmingham? I don't know if they're there a shout for the top five but they've sure got some something behind him Sacramento same thing. You know, it's interesting that's gonna be a lot and you mentioned Birmingham and you and I talked to a month or so ago about some offseason pickups and Nico Brett was one of them that you and I both claimed was the number one pick up this offseason. Does that still stand for you when we are days out from opening weekend number one pick up. Probably I mean, I think it's going to take a little bit of time. But I think give Dylan mayor's what he needs in El Paso and and under Mark Lowry the way that he uses the attacking playmaker position and just sort of the the way that he mandates they play and in Dillon could be extremely special for that club. Number one though. I mean you're talking about a guy you just said it. He's 17 goals last year what he created with Colonel Forbes. He could easily replicate with sort of the the staff and the attacking talent in the in the Birmingham. Stir yeah, I'd say number one. I'm going to stick with that sticking over in the Eastern Conference though. There's a lot of questions. I think what this little city Side you touched on them. Obviously. You don't have many questions because you've got them into the final 90 money. I have questions that I've said this from day one. I am concerned about the number of weapons this side has and people always say, oh that's a good problem to have like, who do you going to play today look like it's a serious problem to have like, I don't envy the position that John hack. Worth is n by every needs. I mean he is he's got the ability to make another run to the final without a doubt. I don't question you there. But how does John hackworth handle all of these weapons? That's a good question. I'm not John looks like how how do you choose to play? You know, Rhino me over Antoine open house or you know, you got cam working back in there. You got Luke Spencer. I mean, I like I think you're relying on the understanding and maybe if not understanding certainly the hope that a lot of these guys are going to take whatever ego they have and set it aside. I just think that when you do have that as many options as we're talking about for Louisville, it's got to come down to who's going to Team player and who's going to be a team player right here, and now even when I just told that team player they may not be in the starting eleven or even in the 18 Louisville year after year after year has relied on the culture. I won't speak personally to what that culture looks like in 2020 because I have no idea. I think that looking at the minimal turnover you would assume a lot of the pieces are still in place but teams evolve or teams devolve and I think that I'm confident in Louisville's ability to even evolve from 19 when they were an incredible team but fell short in the championship final into a team that's going to be able to say okay. It may not be my day and that's okay because they've got that support system. Just like you said there's another side of every coin and it could go the opposite way, but I think if I'm if I'm hack I'm encouraged by the options that I have assuming that things come up throughout the season, but it's certainly not a problem to ignore and I will say historically speaking Louisville is a club that has always had Teen first mentality you've got I mean the fact that you're pooling George Davis Off the Bench or Brian OB Off the Bench, you know guys who can make a serious impression and who might easily be playing a full 90. Oh, yeah or other clubs and we're cool with being like, okay. This is my role, you know Paulo as a captain you're coming over for example, like I I will say if there's any team that I'm confident about that mentality it's going to be movable. So I'm doesn't mean that I'm not interested to see how absolutely things absolutely and I mean followed up Piccolo somebody who Who was coming off the bench at one point last year and that's that's your Club Captain right there. So I think the questions are all valid what I saw in 2019 leads me to believe they can handle it but it's a long season that being said which club are you most excited to watch and 2020 that is putting me on the spot for sure because I did not think about that one. I think for an inaugural season. I've got to put my eyes on San Diego. There are just too many talking points. I mean, you've got vets and sells these. Oh, you've got your Greenspan in there. You've got to some some young playmakers that they picked up as well. You've obviously got the coaching staff of Landon Donovan Nate Mueller who had success in 2019 and ligue 1. You've got the first ever female assistant the championship and Carey Taylor all of those are so it's like here are all of our narratives you can pick one and that is reason enough alone, you know, San Diego for sure in the East it's got to be the rowdies because there are just so many like this team could either explode and be stupid good. Or they could be fine and make the playoffs and go out in the first round. So so here's my think. Does it kind of seemed like that's ways the hovering storyline with Tampa Bay. Absolutely every season and why history unfortunately, I hate to say it. I think they've always put together a really good roster on the field that in March or April is going to do fantastic things, but we saw their inconsistency at times last year and I think someone in my left hammered on a little more than Did personally but I think that I think that will just pull the tapes pull the tapes wasn't me? I think that they've got almost too many good pieces to ignore this year to not put them like clearly in that front runner spot. What are those guys do in November that they didn't do in October and that's that's the big question for the rowdies what a note to end on heading into 2020. Listen when we come back from the break. We're going to be joined by the legend himself our very own Mike Watson's guys. So freaking talented the league, so fortunate to have somebody of my Excalibur calling games week in and week out Mike's of course the voice of our ESPN game of the weeks. He's called five USL Championship Finals, but as resume goes well beyond that you guys he's the PA for the next Cincinnati Bengals preseason play-by-play guy and he just does a ton of work across ESPN collegiately and professionally he pretty much just do it all sure Cam and he's our guy and he's coming on steal some time. So stick around Mike Watts is going to join us in just a few. This is Mike Watson your listing to Stuart and feels and time. Usfl Championship play-by-play extraordinaire. Mike Watts. Joins us now Mike it took us a season to kind of figure out what the heck we were doing. But to kick off season 2. We finally got you on the show. Welcome to steal some time. I am so happy a lowered the common denominator of this show. It brings me so much joy. Thank you guys for having me then. There's no better way to kick off the 2020 season in my humble opinion the to have my quads on the show. You've been going game since what 2015 in the USL? Yeah, the 2015 final was the first and then that was the beginning of our relationship with ESPN it continue with game of the week and 2016. And by the time 2017 rolled around about a third of the league was doing their shows out of Fort Lauderdale and Vista World length, so it's been full. Read ahead since October of 2015 and how far the league has come since that time to I mean talk about it from a broadcasters perspective what it's been like from from your Viewpoint to see all of the changes in the growth of this league since 2015. Yeah, I mean in 2015, you know that that show in Rochester. It's this rainy dreary cold night and it's my first game covering the league and we've got this giant TV truck and I'm going okay, you know The league is really taking a step forward with all this and making the effort to be more outgoing on the content side and on the broadcast side and his see that initial investment snowball into expectations for teams, you know, the idea of having commentators at the level that the league have been getting production standards producers and directors what the guys do down at Vista. Is unreal when you look at the scale of it and you know day one I really had no idea what this was going to look like a year from then or now five years from them. But you know, you talked with coaches around this league and they talk about the quality of play and the level of standard around the league as a broadcaster. I see the exact same thing and what we're doing, let's talk a little bit about Playmakers. So you talked about even on the radar since what 2015 with the USL things have changed. Since then a lot of Young Guns coming into the league whether it's Pronto or you know, whether it's guys like smashing Velazquez heading over to Miami who's on your radar this season. Yeah, I think that's an interesting question. Like I think Sebastian Velasquez coming in midseason was a great pick up for El Paso, but for him to actually hit the ground running in Miami. I mean, they are totally loaded. I like guys like Carlton Belmar going to Sacramento. I think Thomasina volts in going back to Orange County where he was a better fit. I'm excited to see what Aidan Quinn does now that he's you know, Soul Commander again of that Orange County Midfield and Duke it Kansas City again where he had so much success as he did in the first year. He was in Orange County. So there's guys like that and then there's just the people you expect to come out and have a great showing year after year and it's nazmi all bodily in North Carolina. It's whoever is the guy on the day and Louisville in Indy. I think I Jose is a wingback if they keep that 3 back system. I'm super excited to see how that progresses. Dresses so I could sit here and name, you know 50 guys where I'm excited to see what they're going to do on the field this year from a playmaker perspective. But the some of these young guys coming in. I mean like Christian piranhas. I know he picked up an injury recently and he may miss the beginning of the year. He's still my young Player of the Year in the the web article that that's going to come out this week just because you look at his age and what he did last year and it's not just the numbers. It's what you see. I mean, it's really spectacular and I think you're only going See that continue to grow. You know, Alfonso Davies was kind of the first through the door in the really young star USL Championship mold. I think he just was the first through the door. I think we're gonna see this massive run forward in guys that haven't had a chance at Great Pro opportunities before at that age. They're going to blow by expectations and maybe take American soccer in the long run by storm. When you have the u.s. All Academy now, right? So you've got this system that we're really building into that's really kind of laying out the red carpet for a lot of guys to break through if they seize the day. Yeah, and I'm so excited about what Louisville's doing and you didn't just, you know, create a USL League to team you brought in James O'Connor again to run your Academy what they did in San Antonio and a lot of credit that Decker and Powell that's a big reason why they brought it in in the first place was Have him sort of oversee the youth is much as the the first team for San Antonio FC FC Dallas. Finally as a conduit to get all these homegrown guys real minutes that matter at an early age and we saw that with North Texas last year Sacramento comes to mind is a team that's put distinct effort into it. And again, I'm leaving a lot of teams out but I think in the grand scheme the Phoenix is the Louisville's the San Antonio's the Dallas has I mean those teams are creating a pipeline not only for their own on-field product, but I think in the long run we're going to start to see that be as significant part of the financial picture for a lot of these teams to go and sell on really good young players, whether it be domestically or to foreign foreign entities. I mean, that's what's kind of exciting about this. We're seeing the USL through the academy try and get further entrenched in the global ecosystem of the game. It makes sense. It's a pipeline and I think it's the future of the sport and we talked about growing the sport. I mean, that's exactly what what we're talking about here. And it's funny you mentioned Sacramento and everything that's going on over there. And I think that you know, we be suppressed to not talk about the addition of Mark Briggs this season and here we go Lopez coming back there. I mean do we see Sacramento as maybe a top-five runner there in the west? Yeah. It's realistically possible. I'm you know for a team that's had the amount of overall success that they've had they've gone from preki to Paul Buckle to Simon Elliot and now Mark Briggs and I think you can look at what Mark did in Salt Lake City with real monarchs and get a pretty good idea of the style. He wants to play. I think they're going to be really attack-minded. I think they've got the pieces that fit. I felt that they underachieved a little bit last year. I thought they're going to be a top two or three team in the west when it was all said and done and Ultimately, it doesn't work out that way. They were in the playing around against New Mexico, which is a really tough out but you know, I think you know Mark was a was a really heads up higher. I mean I talk to him a lot over the course of the last year and a half and you know his passion for this game and getting back into it and his passion for bringing along young players as well as working with star players really. Well, I mean he is a genuinely impressive. Figure is it coach? So I'm excited to see what he does with one of the League's more prominent teams with a prominent budget and an expectation from day one that they should be a contender to win the usfl championship this year. Is that a hot take by Mike Watts is it I don't think it is ask Sacramento Panthers not one who is not going into this year saying we should compete to win a title because the expectation In such that anything less than that being a competitor for a title. I'm not saying they need to win it. But all the pieces are there and it's just how quickly they coalesces the whether or not it works out this year, but I can see Mark Briggs there for a very long time. You don't like what I think is interesting about the mark Briggs pick up and Sacramento is you have players throughout this entire league that speak very highly of Mark breaks and what he you know what he's like in the locker room. Umm, and on the pitch and you know Sebastian Velasquez, I think is one of the guys who's been extremely vocal about what you know, Mark Briggs brings to a team. So I'm excited for him to kind of have that opportunity and put something together. That's iiq. I agree. I think that Sacramento is has a real shot this season. Yeah, I think that's fair and you know again like Rodrigo Lopez like that's a great sign in do you still have camel wasps? I think you didn't see the best of high Maivia real I think Sam Warner is an outstanding. Player B. Shave his back, you know you add a player out wide of the caliber of a you know, Belmar type and all the sudden you're kind of looking around going. Okay, like, you know, the Firepower is there defensively they kept their their anchor and decal K'naan and it's all there whether or not it all comes together. I mean soccer is a funny game, but you know, I think the right coach and the Right Mix that this has potential to be dangerous. You're set to call three games opening weekend. So Sacramento isn't one of them but on Friday, you've got Orange County and El Paso, which I mean talk about a match there right out of the gate to start the 2020 season. That one's gonna be really really good on ESPN plus and then Saturday, of course North Carolina FC and Louisville City FC to start the day and then of course you're rounding out with San Diego loyal making their debut and Las Vegas on espnews what sticks out to you in these games? I mean as a fan of your tuning in what are the notable storyline? That they should be looking out for ya. So starting on Friday night. We've got two games Friday night over on ESPN plus and I'll be calling the late game, you know, Orange County the injuries. They sustained early on I was talking with Brayden clue to hear the coach out there a little bit about it toward the end of the season. He said it was almost like, you know, the scene famous movie guy sticking gum and a hole in the dam and trying to keep it from from springing a leak. I mean, that's where they were at. The back end of last season even from the beginning Christian Duke gets this Phantom injuries slipping on the practice field that keeps him out for months. And that's theoretically the ringleader of your Midfield alongside Aidan Quinn. So, you know from the day one, you're already way behind the curve and it took them a long time to get going again. So that's sort of where I'm at with Orange County. I think they're a good team. I think any vol'jin coming back, you know his two best goal scoring Hours of his life of come in this league and largely it was on the west coast where I've heard. He's more comfortable in Sacramento and in Orange County again. So El Paso, you're talking minutes away from reaching a final last year. They lose Jerome Kisa better. They lose Sebastian Velasquez, you know, I think Mark Lowery's system prevails in the sense that they still want to possess the ball 60 65 percent of the time and while the Finishing Touch may not be there and Leaky sieve better was only a hot for the first 10 to 15 games. He played and then he cooled off massively before he went to Miami this offseason. So I'm interested to see how they actually finished polls more so than the than the product of how they get their North Carolina. It's another year together. They felt like they were drinking from a firehose early last year. David's arrogance going to run a good tight fensive ship and then you're looking to see What happens you lose guys? Like Austin balloons? He didn't play at the time last year. He's a leader. And so where do you fill that Gap? And I think they'll be okay there Louisville was super pragmatic over this offseason. They didn't go and add big things for the sake of spending money. I mean cam Lancaster comes in on loan from Nashville, which of course with 25 goals a couple of years ago. You're talking about an all-time season in this league still the all-time goalscoring season in this league. Can he stay? A healthy can Bryan ohm be reached the form that I think we know he's capable of and maybe statistically he hasn't been able to hit the last year and a half and injuries have played a role in that, you know, no Paco Craig. I don't know where Paco is right now, but they're missing, you know, their defensive leader, you know, really from the jump. So there's some pieces that they've had to fill in there, but I think who they've added have made a lot of sense and then the Laker game It's Eric and it's it's Landon. So from from the get-go, it's you know, Donovan verse when Aldo but more importantly San Diego's roster. He's on real. I mean that is a really good roster and so for a first-time coach, how do you appease egos? Because not all 20 guys can play from the jump Joe Greenspan best defender in the League last year on the best defensive team. Do they decide to carry that over? They've got guys like Carlos Alvarez, you know, I tweeted a few minutes ago, but sixth time he's been signed by an expansion team in the last six years. So clearly knows what he's doing with these first-time efforts, but you look through other guys on that roster. It is loaded with USL Championship experience. I think Sal zezo was a really smart for signing for the club and you know, they play against a Las Vegas lights team that right now officially have 16 players. So, you know what they're going to look like in a week. May not look like what they look like now, I would expect them to make a few signings late. But Eric does a on real job of Finding Diamonds in the Rough that you haven't heard of can they lafuente stay healthy? Because they felt like they were beaten a ton when he wasn't playing and Moby Fair stay healthy. Those are the questions that are going to be between Las Vegas and whether or not they're competing for a playoff spot this year history on Saturday night. Nonetheless, if we Talk a lot about the players side of things and the coaching side of things when it comes to prep but Mike no one really talks about what it takes to call a game. Let alone two and one day. I mean can't let the people want to know to give us some insight here. What does it take? It's funny. I was just talking to a veteran announcer who's done 20 years of national TV, and I was talking to him a little bit about how he preps and now it gets from game to game and obviously doing Remy's Which is really common now in soccer domestically and globally, you know, my world is a little different but you know, the first thing he said to me is Mike. Nobody cares. No one cares how much you slept last night or how many games you have this week? Nobody cares. So I'm glad somebody cares, you know, long story short over the next two days will talk to you know, all six coaches in relation to the three games this weekend. You're trying to figure out who they think think of impressed in pre-season who they think of breakout this year, you know their thought on the overarching state of the league and who's going to be a competitor to win a championship. You know, how healthy are they coming out of preseason? What do you think of the system you're playing you feel like preseason has effectively prepared you for Friday and Saturday season opener. And so those are sort of the first things you're thinking about and then it's purely trying to figure out you know, I think it's interesting that Carlos Alvarez is played on all these different. Expansion teams, but that's not a stat that's readily available. So you're trying to dig into players that you find interesting. And thankfully there's good beat reporters around this league you cover it well and so many new sources there available to us now, we're able to find more info than we've ever had before so, you know for me, it's just trying to get caught up as best I can and then you've got, you know our lead analyst for game of the week in Devon Kerr. Who's more trying to figure out what's this supposed to look like? What did they look like in preseason? How do I explain to people why things happen as opposed to my what happened where it happened and when it happened acting more as the scorecard, where is Devon is the real analysis of the brain. Let's be honest of the show. That's a hell of a breakdown. My I think it's really interesting from an outsider's perspective, you know, when so many fans just don't understand it and they probably never will because they're not in that tuition and you don't you don't know how much prep goes into it on your guys aside as well to deliver such a high-quality high-caliber show and I know not only are we looking forward to seeing that game on ESPN news but obviously obviously seeing you and Devon back in the booth as well I'm going to let you go and I second here but before I do that I have I have to know you know this league so well at this point you've have so much history here in these last few years what's your favorite USL call of all time oh wow okay I thought that was going a different direction I'm like she is definitely going to ask me who's going to make the final oh God I mean it was there you're out of luck on that gosh there's a lot of them over the years I mean the Miguel Gonzalez bike kick for OKC that was number one on SportsCenter Top 10 it came off of flip throw I mean like that was the first Like, oh my God, people are watching kind of moment on real. That's what we said. Yeah. I mean, you know the first Final in Rochester stoppage-time game-tying goal extra time game-winner from a arena league player and assigning Samuels. So that's an incredible, you know memory to have from from the jump and I'm calling that game at John hearts, and I've never done a pro soccer match before and you're just kind of like, you know, Wow, this is what it's what it's like. I mean this is this is the dream right here the Phoenix Drug Bo what's in the water called got that one. I didn't love it. But other people did so I guess you know that carries a little bit of weight. I mean at this point, it's almost too numerous to mention. I love it. I can't wait to see what you spew out this year. It's always one thing or another but a great line from my quads. We know a hundred ten percent is going to be in the Except maybe we'll see it this Saturday night on ESPN news. Mike can't thank you enough for coming on the show man. We are excited for 2020. You've got me hyped now ready to go and just really appreciate your Insight and you know just class all the way around. Yeah. Thanks Kelsey appreciated. Glad I was able to steal some time. I love it. I love it. All right, my daycare. Hi, I'm Landon Donovan from US Open. In Diego and you're listening he'll sometimes welcome back in to steal some time. We have a fun week ahead. Its opening weekend for yourself Championship action, and we've got an ESPN game of the week on espnews over in San Diego for their debut their hosting Eric. Wynalda and his Las Vegas light side and 10 p.m. Eastern. This is just so exciting for so many reasons. Obviously. It's a new club, but mean, it's Landon Donovan's debut in the league, San Diego's debut. Talk to me a little bit about how you he'll this games going to go we gonna have a lot of first game Jitters we do we what do we expect San Diego to kind of come out strong looking to prove a point as a new Club and new team new manager everything yes is the question or the answer to the question obviously I mean we're expecting a sellout at the rarest area which is incredible it's a good place to start I think Landon and his coaching staff will have some very natural very normal pre-game Jitters like this is it guys like everything that we've put together leads into that one moment and that's huge I think I'm almost in favor of playing down the wine Aldo vs Donovan storyline like I love that it is yeah this but like let's leave it to the two teams that are on the field and not necessarily the head coaches so I think it's got a lot of potential obviously for them to be on national TV their first game ever at home speaks volumes to where the USL Championship is gone but yeah I think that this could go blow for blow and I'm just excited to see what comes of it obviously Mike Watt Stephen Curry oh yeah call for that one it listen there's there's quite a few other really notable games throughout the weekend with a few I want to touch on Orange County in El Paso which Mike Watts is also going to be calling Friday yeah that's openers are 10 p.m. Eastern one on Friday night about a Dark Horse Orange County agreed completely I Echo Mike Watson what he was saying about Thomas and then coming back I think that even when they're looking so much more like this 2018 group and I like looking into the season you could almost call them a dark horse because of their you know the way they played in 2018 mean they've got to stand out in every position isshin they've got you know volts and Quinn Orosco and Cervantes that's like one through four for your four lines what more could you ask for it's so it's so impressive yeah and I think that you know they're welcoming and El Paso side that might feel like they have a little bit to prove with you know Kisa wetter leaving and as well as Velazquez like there's a be interesting to see kind of how this El Paso side it's going to shake out bad taste in their mouth exactly yep tend to say it any better myself and have North Carolina and Louisville as well on with our opener in game four these two clubs last year too so so bizarre yeah it's interesting to see how that one's gonna go of course Louisville's not opening at the new stadium until April 11 so they've got a little bit more time until that big unveil happens but another one that's got my eyes Austin in New Mexico because I think Austin is a club that might not be getting as much love it heading into the preseason here as they showed of and New Mexico's added a few weapons so they're on the road for the first game of the season but with an Austin side that could be pretty dangerous I like Austin I do really good and they made it further than New Mexico did in the 19 playoffs oh he ain't wrong 19 is not 20 obviously shot there no I'm just saying 19 is not 20 of course but I like what Austin's bring him back anything else in this upcoming week that is a massive highlight for you oh man I mean I circled like nine games on Saturday so I don't know I don't think we need to get into that I just listened genuinely this is like everything that we get to work for and this is the most exciting time to be in this office it's the most exciting time to be in all of the club front offices like this is what we want this is and now it's like right in front of us I'm just let's eat do it ready but before we do that we'll chat quickly about some of our favorite social media yes absolutely past week and I kind of grouped this one into the last month because this has been a very interesting month in sports and I don't think that you need to be a baseball fan to understand what's been going on with the Houston Astros and that Scandal and Essence stole signs in the 23rd what's been going on right now regular season and postseason which just so and series crazy that being said they end up firing their general manager and their manager after they were already given suspensions by Rob Manfred really interesting coming out of that hole I mean you could take this scandal in so many different directions I mean you have people who are comparing this to the White Sox Scandal you know you have people who are staying that this is the greatest sports Scandal of all time I mean it is something that I think we'll help me telling our kids about you know but in the arrows and in the Hall of Fame though don't get me started that's a different podcast but cheaters don't get in Kelsey yeah yeah there it is weird but they still get to keep their Rings hey he sure do so what's the rule against me was interesting to me though is you have a commissioner Rob Manfred who decided to take the stands up okay I am going to discipline management and ownership sand all these people who were in charge but just do it a little Pat on on the back to or on the a slap on the hand I should say to the players who were the ones carrying out all of the the rule-breaking the sign stealing the banging of the garbage cans was total immunity total freaking immunity and so that's what bothers me coming out of this because you have guys like okay if you cooperate in the Scandal then nothing bad will ever happen to you o in then on top of that we're going to go ahead and protect you as well and One who decides that they want to hit a Houston Astros batter this season you're going to get fine. So that brings me to my only question for you when it comes to that whole side of things the targeting. Yeah, you throwing out somebody I'm setting the over-under at 81 and a half based on a hundred sixty-two Game season over or under that number. Yeah. I think CBS put out a stat. That was 84-84. Yeah, so just over in like one one out of every other games. Someone's going to be Target. Yeah, and for point of reference, I believe it was 62 last year that the Astros players were hit. I'm looking forward to the Megamix of all like a clip of just like yeah, and this is escalated so much you have Trevor Bauer who's a pitcher for the Cincinnati Reds who was with the Indians. I mean, he's well-versed in the league but in spring training this week, he actually came up to a to the mound and told told his teammates. He's like, I'm just gonna tell him what's Pitch is coming. So my PD was at the at the play daughter's first baseman, and he signaled to him what he's gonna throw him. He still retired him love it. And Trevor Bauer has been one of the most vocal players. I mean, you've got guys like Mike Trout Anthony Rizzo to really sort of mic in front of some of these guys, they're gonna give it to you. And so I thought that was really interesting coming off of that. But the whole Scandal is frustrated me so much because I think when it comes down to it, you have to hold players accountable. You know, whether it's drug related doping related Peds at the fact that you know guys are testing positive for Peds and only getting 50 game a hundred games suspensions. You know, they're still getting that. What about what is re not going to hold these players accountable. They do you think he handled it, right? No absolutely not. Do you think that this has happened the world of soccer with the fan bases and respond differently guys? No, not at all. I mean if this happened in any major league either here or overseas It would be a Revolt. I mean this would go down as it should in Major League Baseball history as one of the worst stains on the history of the sport. Do you think that's because there's just so much history in baseball America that it's just that American Pastime that they don't want to ruffle too many feathers, maybe but like this is cheating. This is like the definition of cheating like the dictionary definition of what not to do as a team or as a player and yet once you I think it's the depth of how many people were involved that is that is going to end up bothering people till this thing eventually is in its grave success that followed it. Yes. They won the World Series that sear that's season. Yep as cheaters and they will always be cheaters. I mean if you ask me the ring should be revoked title should be revoked. All of that players should be held accountable but it's the age that we live in and Rob Manfred is just not playing the cards that we necessarily would deal if we were in his shoes so but yeah, I felt like we had to talk about that. I thought that it's something that I could honestly sit here for another two hours and get very heated about but listen it's your style Championship time and if you have a bad tattoo just let people see God see what even get into that I just worry just don't let me unload its use on TV but put a buzzer on you guys for timing Nina podcast in time we're just so excited to be back you guys we are sometimes bag every Tuesday afternoon you can catch up on your favorite streaming service we are excited opening weekend it kicks off Friday the 6th at at 10 p.m. Eastern don't miss a single bit of the action all every single game this season will be on ESPN plus you have no reason not to watch we're excited ESPN news see you on Saturday the on Saturday