Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is something I think I should just I should share with you guys only give you an idea. What you should look you can try to do I'm going to tell my story you can see the take for my story and build your own legacy of rollers. My journey with these rollers and conversation started out about 1988 and I met Ray Vaughan Hall. At that time I had birds from no particular person. Just so from everywhere, right? But one thing that remained constant with me the matter when I had versions, I like my births rule lat I dont like birds fly around for a long period of time without performing. I want to be entertained at all times. It's my men Trevon actually met Tippy first and Tippy take me to Ray Vaughan house and we want a flu a couple of kids and I had really never seen kids like that roll together that depth. So at that time, I became closer and rave on acquiring brush move on the mostly Marine base birds with a few 1220 Birds. If you read it in Birds, I tried those birds I flew and they came in really early but at about Three months to five months they were ready for competition. But at seven to nine months half over that already bumped the rolled down and so forth. The Lemurs are the 1220 side when this hot when you get some just as deep and 1220 Birds had a little more speed. The parliament or 20 Birds was thank you a high percentage of them fast one. So you might get one that tumbled the one that might above and then some pretty good ones. There were 15 20 feet that you might get one that was superb but you never know which one of those are going to be some tiny be Muslims and be straight leg, but they're all were of the blue check with your local check pattern Luce with different patterns and Martin's wife likes mixed wing. Badges bodies all over the place like that. So it was Ali my birds will look pretty much look almost the same but a little bigger then you have the ready hamburgers. Now those to me are the ones I would have kept but but the one those witness available. There are guys that had them back then I really kind of wish I would have stuck to like Charlie sound down. He has some really good ones Kevin Adams of Inglewood have some really good ones almost you guys don't know Kevin hours. But Kevin I was living in England all killed Chris right behind school right there. So that's why I tried these birds are variations of these maintenance and I had some pretty good Birds. I still wasn't satisfied. So in around 19 1990 almost Sanford House Sanford Johnson House how I met them was somebody stole my kid Birds one time in about three and a half weeks later. Two birds came back. That's all my brothers came back your plug. The wings are just growing back. So it was there. That's up. For some reason. They took off it was not around they start fading away and I said have to my car. I kind of follow follow 279 Colombian they'll end over there. I will deny said Uber disease is in and go over the guy who Richard Johnston and Savage on they were both back there. So those are birds I said the white bird. When I get that bird from someday after this little cat dude named second set. I said that's my bird is hard because somebody stole it in my cage. It just came back to my house. I just followed over here. So I had already called some of my homies to meet me over there so long I was there talking to him about two or three cars pull up dude. It was some game feel it feels on do they hopped out and do so no way. On the problems on the big homie said get the little homey cages and know he's bursting sudden search. Well anyway, come to find out the guy that hit my cage was the dude was younger dude from there was from the same day because me, he didn't know me. Well, you didn't know I have pigeons. He looked me right now. I have his meeting I will his house. He said that puts up like my good friends like doesn't happen. I'll talk about a bird. He said you raised birds my see ya. So I got the birds back going stories forgot the words back take back. What I did was I rebuilt occasional blah blah blah blah. So I still had the rave on birds Kevin Ellsberg on flying so then Ray Vaughn said this was like 19. 89 I'm ready made you eggs. Just like 89. He said you were gonna cry myself not yet. I was born the flowers. I sent my birds not ready for that yet. So I watched him I watch the hung around and around then I still yeah, I became friends with the Johnsons and got some 79th, right? So they like became friends with them. I was watch the birds fly it all these verbs some Bozo white birds and some gold man's Birds and So forth a few Strays when you ate there is one convert the Frank laughing being I know Frank I did I don't think that was the wave on the creamy and he can get that one baby. So the baby grew up start flying and was real nice. I wash the come in developing everything so I could be numbered as fast. So I said I better be smoking. It's a really long story short smoke stuck to it. That's a small gutter name. So one day when I was on The gas is pumping gas one day. I guess Stephanie didn't pay a beer. Whatever you do no matter where do we need to do what he said? I mean you need to make some money on the bar smoke. I already offered him $200 for you told me. No, so one day she asked me I only got like 70 some dolls my pocket right now. He said that do so, come on swift bird when we got the bird get me some dolls. Take smoke home. I already had create the creamy. That's why you started that's how I started. So what made me change so kindly my birds and other birds like had too many roll Downs to when it seems the PeopleSoft people bought all of them really Amber because just because they do a lot of whites and I have no more so I had to talk to when you burn stuff like that. So I start Crossing those with the smoke Birds getting strong to get the frequency instability and all that kind of stuff and one cross met by made it to smoke smoke smoke work. Small got out a lot of smoke. So then this is like 91 because it's won't Born Nice Like 91. So I lost Morgan Tracer has all these babies off smoke like three hands two years and three cocks. I'm just reading this lot of baby flying babies. I mentally my birthing still getting birthday bumps. Oh, well, I noticed that at the end of the year, but the in the year and I'm flying my bird just like November so I had smoked her mom and smokes have brother. in the year look up not got mostly small birds left. I had 19 pairs free pair of smoke 16 pairs of the stuff. So I started failing stuff out like that's okay. So I start breathing smoke birds and I still get some really good birds like really good good Deb frequency and around 92. I want to icrc nice the icrc meeting and they Don't think it in the voting in the 92. But I'm just a fly until 93, but I was voted in by 3. So I'm hanging around you. We fly the first why don't you smoke and all these birds know I won the first year, but I'm flew three times, but I wanted but anyway, I start develop my family. Well, I noticed that one side of smoke birds were bigger. Rollers, but they weren't IP and once I was fast bird morons Jaime, I don't understand type at the time. So we went to Arnold Jackson house and New Orleans. I think he flew birds and I acquired some birds from Jackson across the other side is going purse. They got faster everything got better, but I lost my frequency. So I don't Jackson one of our birds with the saying that came down from the same as that birds. This went different directions. I hadn't got the hand from wine yet. I got the brush alone first. It worked real good. I found some pretty good ones. I won best individual, but the cross between the Jackson small bursts at this time. You guys aren't Jackson was not flying kick competition. He flew with the pcrc and SBR see guys the individual guys. So I got them burglar bring know that bird in to tighten the birds up until four tight. And speed of others lastly both people will not take their hamburgers and some to smoke started. I made some more fast Birds, but they will when I found out there was getting short. So I kept trying to stuff trying Birds fibers. I bring in Jack straitjacket that Burger King stripping Jacqueline, they worked but the wing position out of drop down a little bit and I don't like them. That was Domino back had a few real good one, so I kept I wanted to I can remember having to download download a true, but I think I gave it away. Anyway that work for a while. So at this time, I think Lee my birds was down to maybe it's a 93 made down to six seven pair total. I still had 24p arrested very little smoke and stuff like that. Now what I did then was this was a 94 in 94. I said, I can't I still have the Jack and it burst in there. That's why I try some howling birds from my Grove. I think that who that was they were good. I mean those were actually good I would have kept those. I have no known today. They will give the birds didn't come into like about six seven months but at that time A flower Birds pretty much all year just about we were getting hit but they wouldn't get back. It was like every now and then. Those work they take long time since my chemist and them they want to bother parents. Let them get them. Thanks so much like 20 25 hours. Anyway, they were gone. So in 95 We've had this big old thing at Jerry Higgins house. I'm Jerry heads food Birds. I think Triple A lot three wasn't the kid for all the birds are flying at the time because it like 95 if I'm not mistaken the big old. It was a bigger own the world to me. What is up? We always have all kind of because they took a picture and everything. Anyway, that's my first thing those triple out three and all the birds fly. That's a little goes a good but I heard those paying hundreds of dollars often Jerry hundred dollars for brother micro. I ain't gonna pay My mindset wasn't there yet. For this was a 95. in 96 Kevin McCray gotten icrc and he got birds from Travis and he's very sick come out roll through time to shoot to die every time so he never wait knew he wouldn't win so then power fly Birds never stay low the whole time. So what happened was so Kevin Craig bartock it for me take those home floor pick the ones you want to pick so they brought another kid ain't be the mix them in our bread some whatever whatever he did. He had called. Keep going to can they stay low. They look just like my birds. But at that time he didn't win rave on that one. They wrecked revani one than so chemically would like any so in 97. I was Mother still running around doing this doing that. I was still at the birds, but kept McRae had bought something else in. And there's Birds versus deep and they were deeper. And I said, what did you do is I wanted this next one. No details will make sure when you run a second time. I went to a bunch of his house then asked him. What did you do differently broken down Tony put in Saint Paul Sandberg from here for a turn and stuff like that. But basically it was a norm rate Jerry Birds he brought in That's me Barney. And so I said that's why I tried it. But I've done that and I bring them to bear fruit for her and it worked. It was a big difference just by bringing those two birds and Adam and I didn't bring together amateur what I had already. There's a big difference. Okay, I see now that was still running around, you know, you're my little thing and then in 98, I do the mixture and put Birds the classic 98 99 and I came in second place in the classic would have been with girls mixed up. Okay, this was all about okay. It is 99. I moved to the valley for a little while. And I already gotten the bull last name. I had the white heat cock then and it was even better. So so basically I did was I bring Jerry numbers into a dip and the commitment on the brakes. That's why that was their personal sole purpose to do that. My birds already kicked good journey. They already had gets be there already frequent. Yeah a very good home in this thing. So I brought in I'll try to collide combine The Best of Both Worlds to get a better world and it works. So it's about time I start flying. I came back to stop sign. I see you're asking which was in 2003 and I first got five nights. There's a data set. I will set had that the plan I wanted I used a viral / on Jackson birds for type and speed to a smoke birds. And I took the gun take those Burgers to the jury. / no. Birds but this thing when I did then was I determine what to do next by the birds performance. So the birds came out more and deeper how the side I take it back from smoke. They came out real short concern aside. I take it back to the gym and I kept doing that until I got a happy medium. So when you get to the happy medium some of the original birds got to go Direction like so there were some of the original smoke Burns had to go called making a better family of birds. I don't want to go back and keep making shrimp burger. So I kept the medium ones are the crosses and they're in plus the birth couple of birds are brung in which is again because only Bullocks mingle in the white Hebert. And a norm read cock but somebody came off me stupid money for him. So I'm living though. I mean, I wouldn't think boss 4450 ice over three times that But that was that he kept on to two cocks two ends. So anyway moving forward. So Jerry Birds came in and dip so did the norm burst and one of our Birds did for stability and type the smoke cleared Birds was for frequency frequency speed and kidding so I can buy all that together. So when I got my time, I got to icrc fly with the icrc group. That plan was already in effect, even though I got there and everybody else already had kids and I had to beat up a kid had to beat up a kid then so now flew against them. It was like at that time was no contest. That was just the first first year back the second year back second-year flight it got even worse increase the margin my way my way margin and then by the fourth year added the weapon birds and that made it even harder for me to keep up. So it was out there was getting better and better and they know nothing they can do about it what they try to do about it and try to figure out how I break the birds. So I really don't have one the Wahlberg's and then if I ran the water Burns got the birth I said that's not it if they ran a Jerry trying to get whipping Birds. They still didn't get it. It was a combination of both and made the birds I had so you guys can see my journey with a high thought and today what I've learned today is to keep my birds balanced is a certain type. I like on the birds that they can have a certain Wing beat when you fly steady. They don't sort they got steady wingbeat. They don't store and they delivery of a rose almost the same. It's almost like effortless. smooth and then at the same time I ain't I don't have a I'm not shooting for teens. I'm not feeling for 2.0 pages and far as quality or they're a nice Sheen for I'm not be honest. I'm not if I get him along the way fine. I'm not shooting for 2.0. I'm trying to manage between 1.6 1.8. I want to manage that their first. Let me get that down pat, but I want the kids sensitivity be so high that it only Meredith I got a 1.6 or a 1.5 and when even matter because you can average 10 to 15 over 10, then 18 bird breaks in the fly several of those over and over and over and over to get a 1.5 1.5. Your score is going to be a raw score is going to double so that's how I'm looking at. I work my way up if I tried if I get a 2.0 that mean perfect I can try to shoot for Perfection, but obviously I'm good with 1.8 for quality. Evan Carly 1.45 there because I don't want no burst over 50 feet in my kid out of looking like that. I mean, I'm not in try for that does I'll be honest with you. I'm not trying for that. Give me 20 40 feet and I'm gravy just like that. I'm good. I'll take that all day long. They keep well kisses tivity. How many snakes I'm good right there, but so you see my journey. What's one birds get rid of one birds have the smoke Birds figured. It needed more out of what I needed. Everybody has a had a job. I bring him into a job the ones that did their job and the birds that was that was products of that job. I kept those and we can't move forward can move for can't move forward and today. Well I do now is I bring in verse there are the same lately burglar I have It was some of the same traits have to lock in a trace without jamming the birds up. I don't bring one bird in here. Remember there are bringing a bird from high def recently going to see how she work. I think I might have no doubt this homework, but not bringing a birth Anthony Farmer, but that bird is off a bird. I bred cross to a bird. He got from worm. Which make it more valuable I can put it right in and I flick Birds to be I don't want to change my type. So I just like birds that resemble my birth and type in expression. I maintain the family. That's how I got to where I am. So I hope that helped you guys. He got this what you guys can do. Remember get that base get that base and then build on top of that base and Foundation that's be on top of it. This cute little started out you guys the role of gender. Peace.