All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it.It's a whole bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from family takes you away from your spirituality takes away from your emotions and you getting that back like has to be bird effort like Milli Milli be nice when it's scheduled to King Lionel engine rattling at the sun along energy and for me in being able to try to get all of that back. I don't find space for social media and I still have people find me for that say people need to hear what you say that but I think I'm choosing my life over that you choosing a laugh over that and social the social media. I mean intrapreneurship and is it not been your life? I mean, I'm sure you at some point. It would say this is everything but right now you you just you sound like you're saying or two. It's actually intrapreneurship is not your entire life. I think I think until you get to a point where you almost lose your life because of Entrepreneurship. You realize it's no actually I don't like I don't think this is worth dying for because if I die I have siblings. I family who Be Like A Cholo McLeod body and that's it. And when you're talking about dying and talking about isn't this find a way Austrian yeah, yeah. Yeah, like when I when I when I know you maybe I should explain the when I say dying there's different ways to time and there's people who are dead spiritually those people are dead emotionally. There's people are dated my friend was shot on Sunday Saturday nights and he was almost dead. You know what I'm saying? So for me it was it was just that good see in as much as I love intrapreneurship with once you bite that Apple you've person and you know, but I'm not willing to die for it. There's more to life and in as much as intrapreneurship is life is my life right now. Wake up for that I live for that. But what intrapreneurship teaches you anyone who's a true entrepreneur will tell you what see the one lesson you learn as you go is that it stopped being about your long time ago. And it's also me dying is actually a cost. Oh, yes student. People are robbing people around me to see people that are depending on me, you know, so I have to stay alive. Yeah. So is that why you've been working on? Yeah. Yeah. and and Black ball joint angry white people they've killed us have done this and I was really angry and and I think entrepreneurship brings that to your face because there's so many doors that are closed and you get frustrated with it. If I was white, I would have done this article and opportunity. So it pulls that anger and she says to me right now, you're like a hand grenade you and I can only be impactful to probably five kilometers around you you impact will only be around five kilometers. The trick is to live long. The longer you live the more you'll be able to do to fight that we should angry about. So if Cordelia Angie you're going to do something stupid. Yeah, and you want to die. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah focused, you know because now I'm able to think differently I'm able to take myself out of poverty because so many entrepreneurs are broke because we prioritize the people that depend on us but to Lutheran shyly Jakarta, but then when you when you are now you you're focusing on yourself. Then you also able to take yourself out of that situation and and eat better and understand and start reading more things that bring life back to you are honest and so I started working out like Joe and and working hard. It's not just about physically it's just like that escaped to be by yourself and set certain goals. I see you running you set goals for yourself, you know. Yeah set goals achieve those goals. So for me right now, it's really about how do I then live longer because the longer I live the more Impact I'm able to to have okay, I see so now you you you you taking yourself out of poverty. So obviously right now you were running you having a gym membership you eating right? It's not good. Here. We are, you know, we are floor Supremacy. Now you eating salmon just you choose to eat salmon because it's good for you and you're trying to live long. So we've been seeing these things have been done by other people that we don't who don't know you Win this because you're rich. Yeah, are you doing this? Because your floors are going to actually know you trying to get back you trying to get yourself together? Yeah. Yeah. So now you've taken yourself out of poverty and you inspire a lot of people you're not the first person to static business that's model to MIT because you did it differently. Yeah. What what does what and I know what you went to school, you know, and it's cool then Plays an important in any important part in in how you did your business you have to okay. Can you then tell me what was what do you think was the biggest contribution of Education in a business that is done by a lot of young people are gassing. I want a muffin dollar my name often. Do you lie and what made it what made your business, you know become the way it is we was it really schooling was it was the schooling was it also kind of looks Concentrated solution. Yeah your coordinate. So what was it? I generally believe it's a mixture of both but more than that. It's it's how I've done it and how I've done it is not because I have special talent, but it's because I'm able to to to view the world from different from two parts how so so long in cars and people want to say that as if some some of a badge with young Jessica's for me. It's like when I say that I'm saying this is my back. Ground, this is my piston Balaji. That's how I make sense of life from that land. So using it on a cigar see Mona. Is he moving a meeting in as much as you know, this is the CEO. This is the ca but for my interaction able to go to college every layer it clever meaning that they shot caller. Yeah. He might be the CFO. This might be the C part actually that and there's no I can't tell you how I know that. Yeah, but I know it because I'm gonna take us because of how we make sense of things, you know, and what education did Don't want not lie to people and say your I took what I learnt at school, and I've not the technicalities of it. Like they how to build a brand steps that it of keep cool. But what's what's good did to me it taught me how to think bigger. Okay, it taught me how to to see things in a very big of you because now I understood go see your job like a French has a thing because I did campaigns for franchises. So when I start the business, I'm not And my love will on a TV show nice coat. I'm thinking yo franchise because I want what I've seen in internal circuit. The reason why it was awfully short hair and you shop for five years or I will cover shining because he has never seen anything else out of that. So to him to be able to run that for five years. It's a crazy Milestone. Oh, okay, so I get you so you find Richie and there you have a business that's been running for five years pure and it doesn't it doesn't grow. Yeah, but it sort of is They there's lunge tivity to it. But there is an expansion that they all say, so that's what slick here. So when expansion so now we know we're teaching education gave you the the I actually now see things in an expanded Way by so doing you you then. Well, it's sort of like you made sure go to these other guys that were not that do not go too. School basically through you now what all actually it business. I can actually expand instead of instead of so now how did you expand because you spent your spending on a crazy rate. I know it's been five years and the business but now there's three. Yeah, how the fuck did you get into a sentence? I can't I can't I can't find them and I can't I can't fathom that, you know much respect to that word because look it's not an easy thing would be innocent in any Situation what do anything it takes? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah to go there how what's the steps there? What's really the steps there to go there? You can befor before we open sense and I posted on Facebook. I was like look and I hadn't announced with Sevilla sensing and I said the next move I'm going to make there's going to be so many people ask me. How did you do it? How do you speak to because kids especially in front of a cigar? I see we have a cardiac fagin about okay, I'll leave my family. Oh, I see who we can have a needle. That's that's that's what we know and that's just how the nature of the piece like for you to get to sensing equipment like millivolts in Canada ceco ugly property. Only Sensei, you know. Yeah, but for me, it's like for you to do anything that is spectacularly son of the created exactly, but that wasn't the case. It's still not my kids for me. We have one. We have a couple of philosophies but one of the philosophies that we have to our creation is that we don't go to them. We come to they come to us. What does it mean? So that means we're willing to put in so much work. Consistently for months and four years that you as put seen your first recognizers like we're willing to make so much noise and putting so much work that Joe. If you're not working with us is like what are you doing? Everyone else is looking at you. Like what are you doing Global is looking at you like sports scene. How are they do we know about these kids and you haven't worked with them. That's the current thing that we dealing with such a big brand we want to do a big campaign with them. We drove all had to call them and say how is it that we know working with these kids but in as well when it's like land on Nina episode of organization why you not approaching these boys so our formula from Jen beehive Jane beehives have sought were doing So Tina, Tina Tina simple even say that to the team Jen's must have a valid measure sarcoma saucepan. It's a natural principle. Its natural principle what you put in it comes back. They're gonna eat the only the only stress about it that you never know when they'll come. Yeah, so now become a long game now, but that's yeah fantastic Governor motion. I think then you speaking to the vector routing we know very well we have been there. You've been there way you would you think what would you actually put in? The work yeah and in then you start feeling with okay, it's time now, they need to recognize any doesn't happen. It doesn't happen. So now someone listening to this they need to know which look you putting down your head and forget a Spanish. Yeah when you feel like it's time for them to come. It's not yet time. Yeah. Yeah, because when it's time for them to come you will it's at a point where you would want to give a like the burner and Criminal Minds and it's you gonna do work with them. Literally when we spoke. Oh, but see him. Okay, give us a wish list of what you want. And I said to them, I mean, I don't want anything from you. Okay, I'll let you don't want there's nothing I want from you. What does that mean? When you say I don't want anything from it means I made a point where I've waited. Like you said I've waited for them to come and they didn't come in. I was like no actually need to do this by myself. So I said to them now it's a matter of you guys now tell me what you need and I can tell you if I can plug into it or not because now as a company, I have my own strategy. I have my own calendar. So if mean I'm getting Nani in my calendar shoot I did not think of you guys just to be less philosophical about how did I do it in terms of how did I get suppose see now that get into sensing in putting the work you don't put you don't put in the work blindfold early. You don't fish it's not fishing in how you how we position the brand we've been specific in the communication that we send out. The brand has to look a certain way. The CI has looked at a certain way the quality of the work that we put out is corporate. Covid ITT identity its palaces. Keep are you it has to be spun with one in the magazine Sharon Sharon was really time. We share a MOBA to listen to him. He I want to look good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah exactly. I came before the hard work and then it becomes hard work. I'm willing to put in the work but what kind of work so it's been CI it's been it's been covid identity as a brand. It's been positioning has been communication the messages that you send out. What brings WordPress look for. They don't look for someone who just says Tina isn't just a cigar see you can be part about that. But then it's does a brain aligned with it doesn't make Financial sense for them to to to bring you in because I'm sure I'm up friends when they want to fuck with you is because they see Woody there's money to be made friends will never come to you if they don't see value and what kind of values is. Only financial or also. Is it so so so for big Brands, here's how it works for big Brands. There's no money. You can give spot seen as well crash. Okay, there's literally no man. I can give them and there's no money. I can make them that they haven't made as put seed but then when you're dealing with Brands like that Brands like that till they don't have money problems. They have experienced problems experience. I have a customer experience customer experience now the value they see news like this guy's adding value to our customer experience because now They playing the game. They playing the game at a very high level that they understand the Matrix of how they converted into money. Uh-huh. Okay, Justin. So now you come in there and adding that experience. You could see Joy taking pylons will be saluted washer. When as a child. It's an experience for you, which I don't even have to worry about this. But once you start feeling like that, it means you don't even mind buying again. That's why in this is this is something that you did not you did not plan what you wanted to do was watch a mataji make money out of it. Yeah. And along the way you like in fact if I'm gonna watch a material and have a company was traumatic it then I'm going to look into how it looks how it feels how I communicate it so that I come out to the best within the people that are competing. I mean, I mean, I mean, I also goes back to its scale and done. Okay, because back to scalar after scalar. I worked I will to agency. Okay, I got with Isaac and when I built when I'm building the company I'm saying I want this to be a company that agency want to I work with because also not much take us about understand with most potent and I cannot necessarily working with Nike you working with the agency that has the account and the people that agency look at things differently compared to Nike. Okay in like you will look at the expel the stone lintel a specialist or less. This is for my agents will look at the metrics to say does this tool fits? My sister was the longevity of the story that it is are you know, so then when we work when I position the brand I'm actually selling to agency. I'm not selling to neck I'm sorry agency because that's who decides. They can pinpoint what you're telling me now now it is something that you you understand from a perspective of having having studied. Yeah, and and having worked a bit into agency. So there was a bit of background. So you use that yeah, tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu creates the brand that you've created we are so the next person would be then they need to look towards how you did the things. Yeah, and then they could then sort of copy that so now tell me In in terms of the business is the business itself. I'm not going to ask you a question about you sir. How did you start and right now? I'm sure you've had a lot of interviews. I'll be anonymous. But yeah, so now the they this is sort of intimidation in terms of before not knowing who to speak to, you know in terms of a my parents. So you think to a my parents put in the work, I'm Appliance as Rosa go away but manager told me about setting the price. It's not the same as setting the price with it take she can say what she take it out of 120. But now when you're talking with a friend Brent comes and say we want to work with you and you know that they need to pay you your how do you know how much you need to be paid? So let me pick up to questions from that. So the one that how much is this last question the first question Donna in terms of who you sell to here's and I generally write like speaking about them because I'm a businesses in the township, you know, the mistake that we do have some Japan Japan is that we want to solve to people outside the township. Is that a mistake one mistake we do. Okay, because once you start wanting to sell outside the township the people are set the township can resonate with what you say the way you look is somewhat how you say what you saying? Once you step out of the township to the sitting image that's expected of you as a business whether we like to admit that or not. Okay, what we've done I call it. I call it the coat and one dealer weight will ocean culture set this to me said they are Needs to live with the LED must serve the masses. Okay, what we're doing at sonship brands that all the big brands are coming into the Township tennis. Look fi the manage your brand pick subtraction from Google shopping my bony, you know, what we've done is said to we want to sell to the masses. We want to sell to the masses Zone colossal Spider-Man plank. Those are they spending my parents? Don't let the spanner in my insurance companies dynamical 7/8 Geet because when Assurance wants to speak to these guys, Guys these guys are Australia Pakistani helices. Okay. How's Josh was going to reach those guys. They must do a campaign with Rockfish because we interact with these guys. We have these guys numbers. We know where their children weekends. We know how many has they have so healing insights now now now it's inside now, it's in size now. We then I had to say to see in Jen's Noir eating a banana being a pansy Cassie. Nobody named Angela as Focus then to be technical with you in terms of the pricing. I always Squishing to say that among these way photographers photographers use as mean among shoot hourly in Chattanooga economic utility ideas. I captured the same price for me. We are not told me a 60% margin rule. Whatever you doing. The margin your profit margin has to be a minimum 60 percent. I said cost whatever it goes in if we spend a two-run cost a chunk into a spend I to do whatever they ask you to do participation markup on it. Okay, that's the trick. I'm gonna sell so if you cross the detail and And it's 60 percent that is here. And that's what you put and if you feel like you can put 70 percent you have to be able to justify the minimum the minimum minimum principle of minimum 60 percent that way even if you are loser least 50% recovery were a profit on top of your course. So that's that's how I do it. And then if if you if you're not feeling confident enough to put in to say, okay, I'm going to do 60% Should you leave the deal should you leave the table? Should you contact a good friend of mine who Fri paranormal or not going to business training? Then he said to me, you know, you never leave the room without the deal so well because because what they do means what the deal means that even if they pay you below 60% you've built a relationship that you've worked with that brand we ever comes after you can still get that because you have a reference and that builds a relationship and I could see X when monthly purchase order for nuclear and we'll ask you have you worked with those guys before once you say no then you cut out so you never leave the room without getting the deal. All right. Those are the last words. You never leave the a room without cutting the deal. All right. Awesome. Thank you very much for coming through it.