Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past. Ask we'll do our best to provide you with the links to view any presentations made to the legislature if they are available to do so just a brief mention on office closures. I cannot stress the importance of staying connected and staying on top of our supervision interestingly enough just yesterday the National Institute of Justice released a study in which our field officers were part of it and they were talking about the value of field contacts and home contact. Axe and how much more beneficial they are than Office contact so we certainly hope to release that here soon. So everyone can take a look at it and digest the study and I think you'll see it absolutely supports a direction. We're going in it's absolutely critical that we continue to provide a great level of service in the areas where we've already gone virtual in that same regard of coordinating cheese should be receiving our annual stakeholder surveys soon, and it's actually the Stakeholders that determine how well we are doing and keeping their Community safe and providing the services they expect we continue to make great progress with managing our leave liability office supplies and travel expenses these savings continue to help us fill vacant positions to that extent. We have approved to feel 75% of the positions that have vacated at this time officer. Turnover is just below 10 percent. Ascent and I've got to tell you that's extremely positive when you look around at other state agencies, especially in the law enforcement Arena. We share one of the lowest turnover rates and I'm very proud of the work being done in the field to make DCS a great place to work and serve on a different note. I want to thank James Bergman and his team for leading our response to the coronavirus outbreak in the event. We have to modify our James and his team are developing plans to keep us informed and running smoothly rest assured employee safety is a priority and will continue to be a priority and planning. So let's all do our part to share relevant and helpful information. In fact this morning will be having basic graduation, and we're actually replacing the handshake with a fist bump. So we're certainly taking it it serious and we've all got to take personal responsibility to Of course wash our hands stay away from those individuals who may be sick stay at home when you feel bad. And and of course just take good care of yourself. In closing your understanding and willingness to assist has contributed significantly to our success in managing our new normal for that. I want to thank you and I look forward to our continued progress. In fact Governor Kemp and many legislators have praised our efforts to manage these reductions in a way that prioritises employees and creates efficiencies and Effectiveness as I stated earlier as we move throughout the legislative process. Be sure to keep you updated on our progress. I hope you enjoyed this podcast and remember to subscribe to Georgia DCS on Apple podcasts or Spotify so that you can stay on top of all the great information. Let's continue to make a difference on team DCs.