So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right.Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00. Wow, feels good. I showed up to my Parents house in my pajamas 3 p.m. I take a shower. I clean my taking a shower. But also I'm just I'm I was I mean, it's sweat pants and a hoodie, but I was like, I'm wearing my pajamas all day. I'm not coming on yum. I went to work today. Oh look at you. I got a consultation for a root canal and that was cool. And I saw yeah, we're just cooking with gas over here as my mom says I think we can get started. Yeah. Okay, so five four three two. It was very close this time. Yeah, that's one really. Yeah, welcome back listeners. It's episode 102 bees Sant it maybe a hundred and one episode so far poorly happy hour. My name is David Jose and I'm dat metal Dave's your one on twitter.com. I'm joined as always by Beth. Hello. You can find me at HIV are HIIT on Twitter ever Annika. Hello. I am at CH IL e underscored pepper twitter.com. We're the happy hour at calm and happy hour yet. That's right. And um, so Veronica why what what's wrong with your voice? What happened my word? It's too much yelling on Saturday night. I'm in Montreal much yelling on Saturday night at the Bell Centre in Montreal Geoff Petrie overtime winner. That's right. Yeah, who are you? I am one of the best Sports commentary he's ever. Who are you? I am bowling. Excellent. I'm um, I haven't spoken to these ladies and quite some time actually as a recording. It is Monday night the second we know March 2nd Yeah, March 2nd Monday after our incredible weekend on class in Montreal the happy hour for the first time in Our glorious history was able to come together in one spot and enjoy hockey and the halves in general and the halves only disappointed once everything else was great in general that one disappointment left me in a coma for about two hours after the game. Yeah. What happens that's what happens? I saw it live. I saw the devastation live and I was like, oh, oh boy. That was bad. But let's go through it day by day Thursday, the lady's gone their planes and I was at work. So how was the flight go right ahead. Tell us how it all went went out. Best for me. I don't care. So Thursday morning got up early. Yeah it drove to YVR put my Jeep in the park and fly which is basically like a valley for your vehicle. You park it there. This is going to be a terrible podcast with this voice. I'm so sorry. It's gonna be really lovely excellent podcast is it always is And put my put my Jeep there and then got on a plane and flew the more real during my flight. I binge-watched six. No seven or six and a half. I should say episodes of the reality show on Netflix Called Love is Blind. Oh God. Yes. It was so horrible this he couldn't stop watching this goes on for the whole weekend by the way everybody. The whole weekend was Love is Blind. What a show well because the finale dropped the berry following day. So I had to watch the rest of the episodes and then watch the finale with Beth. Yes. Perfect. Perfect. Hey, so then I got two more real and what happened when I got oh, yes David was waiting for me at the airport. Even though my flight was like one hour late. That's right. So This comes now. It's my part of the story. I suppose. Yes, you take over Thursday. I took a half day out of work. So I woke up went to work as usual parked on the street for like thirty eight dollars or whatever the hell it was. It's acting wasn't that much but parking in Albany on the street is a is a is a colossal nightmare financially. It's awful and some other things happen today that will probably go over later if it's even important to the podcast, but it isn't Regardless half day at work did a bunch of stuff. Got out went to the doctors because I had an appointment actually that day that I moved because I knew the game was going on Thursday and Veronica would be coming in for the airport. Probably just and the other thing so I got to the doctor's office early. The actually took me in early which is unheard of and and the country of the United States of America every and and so I actually got in early got blah blah blah all that stuff. And then I as soon as I left the office. This guy my car. I was on the road to Mohawk real the big question mark was the sleep. No. Oh my God, Dave. Watch out for the snow. It's gonna be so bad. And of course, I recall last season when Franco and I met up for the Vegas game. I think it was Pat readies to turn and the birth of the Tatar meme that particular game. It was in May. It debt me going to Montreal for that game. I probably the night before was a nightmare getting up the Northway on 87 the north way and New York to autoroute 15 in Quebec that whole Drive. Yeah canes kinds against that whole Drive was white-knuckled White Knuckle. Foot on the gas then immediately on the brake and shuddering as the car likes kids around is that the whole thing was a parking lot up until I got to like, oh my God, it probably cleared up like around Plattsburgh, maybe so practically the entire Drive was a nightmare. So I had that memory going into this weekend Thursday and I knew like okay, so I got on the road to like around to wish o'clock maybe a little bit after two o'clock and you know getting to the airport I had Google said I would get there at 5:05 on the dot when Veronica's flight was to land however regardless, so I'm driving up driving up. I'm I'm waiting. I see flurries. I'm like, oh oh shit here. Comes these are the four. He's they're going to come now driving and that was like around perhaps a Warrensburg right little after a Glens Falls. So I'm still drunk still driving still driving. Okay, okay again past there. Now we're getting into like the more the more Adirondack regions of of 87 as still like a little bit of flurries. There is sprinkling every once in a while. I was like, huh? All right, I don't see any snow. Yeah, that's pretty good. I'm just gonna fly. Floor it Stills. I'm going like 70 miles an hour, which is about a thousand two hundred twenty eight and kilometers and then I took my I took my usual pit stop in Plattsburgh again. Just maybe oh 20 minutes from the border. So I mean Plattsburgh The Jewel of the north as they say and I get gas because there's no way I'm paying for gas in Canada. Ha ha. Oh you you guys are silly. Oh, yeah not doing it. Yeah, so enough said I guess. Up. I get some Chex Mix for Veronica and some that was really nice. Well, you know food at on airplanes and blah blah blah. Yeah, and I think I got myself a what did I get myself the combos I think of combos for myself and I'm on the road again bam with my doctor Pepper as well be on the road again and again and I get to the Border I use my Nexus past perhaps for the last time I can. Oh no, thank you Miss America again. But yeah, what are you doing Montreal? So when you got more gasps, hey, how long you gonna be here Sunday? Okay go. Oh, so I just go Um now in Quebec and this isn't to say anything against key back, but this is when things started to get a little dicey only because it was windy the wind was so bad and it had snowed earlier. So they were just snowdrifts all over the roads. And that was the only thing I ever had to worry about honestly an overblown. Yes. Shouldn't of the snowstorm that I didn't get to experience apparently was super bad at noon, but like come for five o'clock. There was like nothing practically, you know Northeast weather. So I get to the airport at 5:05 on the dot. I'm like great Veronica's gonna be here soon. Oh contraire. So she lands what like a little bit after six o'clock. Yeah, and that's what I didn't understand is what look at as we go along. My voice is getting better when I didn't understand when we were on the plane. And it's like, you know, they're like, okay, we're going to add about 15 minutes late know. My goal is shit. The only thing I'd I mean I felt bad for Dave, but I'm more wanted to get to the game on time. Yeah, I know yo puck drops at seven quote-unquote. Yeah. So we're going to be about 15 minutes late Landing because of all the snow in Montreal and they've got a clear the runway and then about 10 minutes later. They're like, yeah, we're going to be about 45 minutes late because now there's a Medevac on our Runway that has to get out of the way. So we're going to go into that de la la Finally land and I look outside and I'm late. We had were snow and Vancouver last month's like what's the big deal I even said to my my the people that were sitting beside me. Nice older couple like that doesn't look so bad. What was I didn't I still don't understand what the big deal was because it did not look like snowmageddon and it wasn't Yeah, pretty much. It was just cold. Damn cold - it was cold bitter bitter bitter cold. Now that being said, okay. It's like six what 30 now give or take by the time I land and get to your car. Yes. Yes. Oh 6:30. We have a half hour to get this freaking game that I got like StubHub tickets at the last second. Thank God by the way. Stop up is great for that stuff. Um, so again the cargo and we're Meet up with Beth Beth was already at the air B&B Beth. How did you get the Montreal My Story begins the night before when I got off work at 1:30 in the morning and then got home at 2 and slide to pack. So I packed my suitcase I laid down for I got to 45 and then got up at about 3:30 to leave for the airport because it's still like a 45 minutes. Drive, so I drove to the airport and I parked in long-term parking and my plane left at 6. We left that flight was fine. We connected in look in New York. Nothing interesting really happened. We got to Montreal in about an hour. And so we're about an hour early for our arrival, which is really cool. But also weird because that doesn't happen. Much like getting called back early at the doctor's office and then a good friend of mine picked you up from the airport and he spent the afternoon together. Just hanging out around going around the city. We went to Montreal and it was very snowy and foggy then so we couldn't really see any of the city and then the Sigh. Yeah, and then I went to the Airbnb Roundtree and I took a nap and waited for Dave and Veronica to arrive. I've And so we get to Airbnb and we all meet up finally for the first time together and there was much rejoicing. Yes. Yeah, then we went to the game the game the game this time we missed the first goal, which was the oh, yeah, we won't be Max Domi go. Yeah, we were on our way. I think we were in the Metro when the metronome. So again the Metro my mistake, we would stopped off at peel and then walked away all the way down. Yeah, you could have done better and it was cold. It was so cool. I'm cool. In the snow, it was so bad so bad. But um, so we get to the game and the game happens happens take an early lead with Max Domi starting the goals there and Tatar wasn't it? And that's how for the second goal. So we're up to nothing and long story short the halves lose five to two and it was bad. I've never been to a game and at the Bell Centre before where the halves of Lost and the people were just leaving like in a swarm. Oh, yeah. Well see and that's see it. I'm more used to this Veronica live. I don't think you've you've witnessed it. I have never witnessed losses at the Bell Centre as many have this season of course and that's right. Yeah, I guess I was at the Bell Centre over a Thanksgiving America the giving weekend when they faced the judge the Holes and who was the other team there Philadelphia? That's right and they lost both of those and that was in the midst of The First eight-game losing streak have to differentiate them. So and this and I was surprised by this Veronica. I'm not going to put you on the spot by actually. Am I apologize - okay. Oh, no, it's fine when the fourth goal went in. You were like, we don't have to stay for this. Oh, I didn't say anything because I was in my head. I was like, I don't leave and I wasn't going to leave either but I just thought let's go get some drinks. Let's go get some drinks because we did it we did and then yeah, so then we pull the goalie we dump it in and of With the dump in New York gets it clear it. Of course that clearing attempt became the MTS goal cut right in the net and that was it that was it which brought to stark contrast something else that happened earlier in the week against Vancouver special teams are bad bad again. Like bad bad bad bad bad bad bad. They can't stop a power play against the Canucks. The Canucks will perfect on their power play that night. I believe unless I'm looking at something wrong here. I'm just I think they were that game. Yeah. Yeah Canucks 1 to 2 2 on the power play. Earlier in that week and the haves had a chance at the power play and did not get it and in this New York Rangers game. The haves went over 3 on the power play not useful not counting. Yeah, I'm looking it up right here. And of course Adam Fox and Oh, yeah, this Lindgren guy, which is actually Charlie lindgren's brother comes off two points that night. How nice oh georgiev got himself an assist. Fuck good for him good for him. That's great. Isn't that great job George F. Yeah. What a what a great time. That is. Yeah. So anyways, that was terrible and that was shocked me. I was blown away by how awful two halves were with that with the end of that game essentially and Dom then we went out for drinks. Because we had our economy. Yeah, we did have ourselves a date but I just wanted to say that for me in that game with the go-ahead bowl. I don't couldn't tell you who scored it for the for the Rangers. That was that's why don't you fox? Yeah. Yup. Yup. Yup, especially it was a minute and a half after the tying goal. Yes. Yeah. They were folding like a frickin chair at that point. I felt so bad about our we are we going to mention the text that we got during that game. No, we didn't get any text or an X. Naught dot Texas. We did we got a got a yes. We did what we did because we tweeted out we tweeted out a photo of ourselves and the happy hour at the game. So yeah, we're doing all the Social Media stuff and lo and behold who whelks welcomes us personally to the game via Twitter none other than Misha, LaCroix. Our friend our friend our dear friend our dear friend. Our deal was very nice of him. It's very nice to have you around. Yes. So this is so nice and so on excited thoughtful. Yeah in the middle of the games, like holy crap and we'll talk about that more about in the mid Game and his his phone use so there's more there's so much more so I pretty much died for about two hours as we went to as we went out got ourselves some drinks. Um, Fruitopia is right and he'll be up on nope. John peel and it's on appeal. No, it is not its on it is on another one a different street looks awesome. The Comfort Inn. Yeah and next to the hourlies. Yes. Oh, yeah. It is next door Hurley's that's right, you know, I in that area and we waited up. For another friend street names no stroke name, they'll know it's probably not always missing George. I don't know. I have to know yeah. No, thanks. I just because I thought it was Peel Street. It wasn't okay. I believe you. We're only there twice this weekend. You think I would have looked inside but this Essence that's right. Now I sat in a stupor again for like two hours until a friend of the pot. Yeah. That's an I tried to make small talk. Well, well, yeah Dave was like catatonic trying to eat this like family-sized poutine, which I didn't expect that was a long. But that game shut off my taste buds. It shut off my appreciation for beer, which we're going to get into that as well. Yeah, and also during that is well. We were sitting there while Dave had checked out. We were waiting for our friend to join us and that's when we saw on the replays on the on the news on the sports cast or whatever. A postgame that Claude Julien got mad as to cow and Matt Matt Matt. Yeah. Yep, and I reenacted it the next day but we'll get to that. Well, it was it's too yes, it was. Yes. That's what our friends. Anyway, who's our friend said somebody else anyways, friend of the podcast Sean Campbell. Yes. I had to meet up with us after his postgame. So um and we made an ad out of it. He sure did. We really did you really really did didn't we we stay down downstairs and our friend Christopher behind the bar can't shout out to Christopher Christopher who got rich Got a written warning. He was incredibly professional and Incredibly drunk. Yes. He was threaded the needle very, well. He I was waiting for my drink it that was something else that was kind of killing me that night. Is that like everyone ordered like their drinks and I ordered a drink too and I didn't get mine like, okay, so they did the liquor drinks first, you know, the mixed drinks first and you'll get the beer later. That's all I assume. It was going on but they got their mixed drinks. I'm sitting there waiting for my drinking never came. So I'm sitting there sitting there sitting there the the gravity of what has what has become of the halves weighing upon the shoulders of me. And yeah, just continue. I would I went to the bar because I was thirsty and I didn't want to like, oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so I went to the bar and I asked my friend Christopher. Said hey, you know, can I get a glass of water because I'm thirsty when I'm thirsty. I don't want to like drink my drink too fast those drinks were they? Why are so I ordered a bourbon and Coke and he brings you brought it over and he said hey, this is a this is a little strong and I said, oh thanks thinking like he gave me a little extra because like we just come from the game and if they lost or whatever I took a sip it was all bourbon. All bourbon there was like that. He had just like set the coke next to it. Like we're all the kid Dave. I was like here have a sip of the with one of these smell that they're like no no. No I said and also my friend ordered a pale ale my friend Dave ordered a pale ale and the Dave he never forgot your name for the resident. Yeah, seriously did not and I don't know why it wasn't that was cross with him. No. Wasn't even particularly dismissive but I did you remember your beer somehow now, I ordered a pale ale on I'm not a pale ale guy because I didn't realize that they had their pilsner there that I enjoyed at an earlier time like way before this particular evening. I'm a Pilsner guy. I don't care about craft beers all that much. Sorry craft beer Enthusiast. I just don't care and so a pale ale I'm drinking that I'm like whatever. It's a beer Drinkin Drinkin Drinkin. And then I realized oh later on they actually do have pilsners. But the thing is that poor Christian thought that it wasn't hadn't wasn't on the board. I did they just put that on the board. Well, yeah because the one board was different than the other board. So I was like, oh oh, oh, I see. I see I see but thing is for Christopher felt so bad about um, you know, forgetting drinks in orders and making orders to Dick strong and blah blah this time so he gave us a free flight of Test appears on yeah, yeah hounding through those now fish. My pale ale get myself. My pills are my actual pilsner. Finally. I'm drinking that Sean joins us and we're just talking Habs hockey and just having a good time. No for listeners who may not know Sean Campbell is with TSN 690. He's the the regular post game show by yeah, and he's been a guest with us previously and he's a lot of fun to listen to he sure is he is an absolute Joy. While Leon draisaitl the 5-point night. Connor McDavid the five-point night currently right now as we speak and they combined for ten points in the 8-3 route or editors. Okay. Anyway moving on. Um, yeah, sorry shine with then they closed down the floor. So we went to the second floor. That's right and have more drinks. It's into a live band which was 10 outside guy who taught was that looked like her Penny I me for sure this kid. Very very very sweet baby eagle like and yeah, why was that band so loud they were so very loud and it's just because yeah the size of the space. It's like they had they had two loudspeakers for the space that I like can't even park my car in still able to hear each other. We just had to shout you had to yell. Yeah, but now at that a point that's when I started mentally clocking out again because this at this point I was getting like drunk drunk. I cannot tell you do a really good job Dave I was so the thing is like we stayed out. I don't know till one like to maybe know that we called the please close it we closed it the clothes that we didn't get home till almost 400 shit. Oh, no, that was Saturday. That was Saturday that we got home at 4:00. I think I think that we got all my realm maybe 132 on Thursday. Okay. Let me just check over because that we have but we left we all left Tucson went his way. We went our way Dave ordered an Uber had a perfectly coherent conversation with our Uber driver the whole way. Yeah. Yeah back to the apartment at I Did it's time for bed for me Immediate? Mom. Dave wanted to stay up and hang out as like bedtime. Yeah. Wow. So here's the thing about that. I'm vaguely remember even making words with my mouth at Uber driver which we got at a quarter after to your speaking French to the driver, even though he does you got to be kidding me because I don't know French. This is not going in French. Not the first time that this has happened actually I've been told that if there was like a fragrance of French anywhere in the vicinity of where I am when I'm blackout drunk. I immediately switch to quebecois. He was like begging you then you would say something in French and then say it in English also look for yourself. Are you kidding? Was it accurate French was I speaking Yeah, it was it was but I called Davis anyway, so we get back and I'm a pretty good considering I don't remember entering the air B&B. I don't remember disrobe in into my PJs and getting into bed. So there it is. This Airbnb by the way, it was great. Oh, yeah, so perfectly located for just everything as it turned out and you know, just like a short boober ride from the root Opia someone did we eat but samedi and mizzen of yep. Yep, just in that vicinity there. Yes, if you're going to Montreal and you want the link to this Airbnb a check it out. Let us know. Yeah, let us know we'll send you the link to that place. Yeah, I wrote them a Great review today. Oh, this room was a room. It was warm and clean. Oh my God all the amenities. They had Wi-Fi and carpets that felt nice when I walked on them and the door locked and the water worked. It was so great 10 out of 10 would recommend a plus plus plus plus plus plus 7 and the heating was like, whoa. Oh my God, we had to open. I am cold all the time. I have Raynaud's which means I realize that as French accent, but which means my extremities are almost always cold. They turn blue on a regular basis, but I got to the air B&B and took a nap before Veronica and a variety. I had to go around and turn down all of the radiators and open the window in my room when it was like - 10 outside. Yeah, I slept really. Okay anyway, and then it was Friday and then it was Friday and then came the great hurt. For Dave David this that space I was I was just my mind was in another place. I felt like I was gonna was so funny low chunks at any moment. Oh my God went to the practice and brassard idea of us all this and he was like, he was just in pain the whole way. I would have never known. I was like squinting just hung over in the winter. Socks. Yeah and like the dead of Summer saw but you get it like for me like when I'm hungover, I hate wearing clothes and in the winter, you have to wear clothes. Oh Anyway, yeah, so we got the Brossard and we took in the The Haves practice in person are and we had across on guys. It's all sighing sighing outside. We see repressed and we did see Jerry price, but nobody spoke to him. Yeah, no and I would snow we weren't sure and then we also didn't want to bother him, but I was talking to my mom today and because I was like, why was he there but the halves are going to be away for the next 10 days, so they're probably there to help with Have been Milly. Yeah, they're really tight-knit family. Yeah, so yeah, I mean we could we can speculate. Oh, yeah, but yeah, he walked by just like regular dude and I immediately said Miss Terry Price except he was so unassuming. Yes, like just regular guy. He had a backpack on one shoulder. I'm a pilot like anyway, it was it was definitely him because after the practice was over. We went to try to Brave the fucking - 20 with a windshield. Yeah outside. So the Beth could meet Paul Byron finally didn't I put on makeup for you Paul? It's true make up for him and then but Eve was in more pain so we left but thank you guys for waiting for how long we did. That was a long time. No, I wanted to get that for every I mean we saw price a drive-by get flash just a peace sign. In which I know he was with Jerry and the truck is Father Max Domi almost ran me over. Yeah, that's right. It was like a bat out of hell. He drives a big tall SUV. He did not look happy. No, no also at the practice I ran into the this year's edition of the haps Fantasy Camp. So I wanted to give a shout out to all those guys in the great work that they do, you know, all the crazy were all so happy to see you. Yeah, but they were yeah, I was so surprised I just so they had like a it's a bit of a VIP experience so they had Themselves actually like a roped-off section of brassard where you know, it was just all the all those guys but you know steal stuff out like Shay was there as well with all of them and the other folks that run the Canadians alumni which is kind of the people that run the families to camp. But yeah, I got to talk to everybody at the camp big shout out to Brian dasilva to for just You know again me back there and me just saying Hey to a lot of the guys that were there last year were also there this year. So seeing them was really cool. And then we left. Oh, man. We took about a half an hour to find the local almond. Cocoa. Yeah the Alamo right next to the sports sports complex sport seat belts are complex 14th Bell. And um, yeah. Oh my daddy caste and I was like, okay Didi or whatever. It was like, Clock perhaps I'm thinking okay I can eat now but no I was still in revolting pain at this point. Yeah get in sit down and like I was struggling to get through this meal. I didn't even eat like a quarter of it practically unfortunately, but it was very fun. Regardless. What else did we do Friday? Then we went to the tour the Bell Centre. That's what we were in a hurry because the tour was at 3:30. Oh my God, so so Brock is like yo, Dave, you don't have to go on the tour? Because I think it was Gaelic progressively worse as the day went on and I was so sick. I was like no, no not eat well and I appreciate it because both Beth and Dave I have done the tour of the Bell Centre before about five years ago, but the day that I went was a game day, so I didn't get to see the dressing room. And so Beth and Dave who had seen the dressing room before just agreed to go with me, which was very Nice. Oh, but I try I gave you an out absolutely not I stick with my friends through thick and thin I am one boy wasted I will do this. I will I will pray to Broden and make my way through so notice we did the tour and the tour was great such a great experience. If you don't it once if you donate a thousand times, it's always a tree being able to check out all the ins and outs of The Bell Centre how the how the ranking general works all the tour guides are super knowledgeable. Super kind. Yeah. They are they they really make the experience. Now, of course that day was David and he was great. You look lovely. He was he was excellent. Excellent guy and of course we get to the tour and who's practicing on the ice, but the fantasy camp guys. I was like, yeah cool. So Sergio The whole time. Yes, Sergio Manuel Meza was running drills with guest Alessandra and Josh George's was there again, so he was on the ice helping guys out. There was also a crap that dunno danda. No that was the guy was forgetting dad to know stiffly she again, and there was another one Chandra. Hey you guys you guys I got yep. Yep. I was mentioned. Yeah, I'm okay think that's somebody yes. There was another name. Yeah, that's stupid other fella. I don't want all and that makes me sad. But anyway, so that's over. That was Friday night. Anyway. Oh, yeah, we went to the Press The Press Room the Press Gallery. It's called. Yeah, the yep. Yep the gallery. Yeah. I reenacted close early and getting - to kaolin. Dave Dave got a photo of him dead next to the podium. Yeah, just to show how well the season was going on. It's how I feel in my heart, but I still love them so much and after this weekend even more because of other reasons. That will get ya. So yeah, we did all of that and then I was like we get back to the air B&B I pass out because I'm like I'm dead. I I've reached my limit. It's true. Yeah, I reached my limit and then the girls start having themselves a girls night. And of course, what do you do to cure a hangover you go to a heavy metal show. I had the pleasure of seeing the contortionist haken and Devin Townsend live at the corona. Haha theater and It was great. I actually miss the contortionist because I was like, I got it. I need like a half hour more to rest, but I got to see haken which was very fun and Devin Townsend. I could do an entire podcast about Devin Townsend's music and how much I love it and it would be invigorating every episode long story short love is music incredible show if you're into not only metal, but just buddy that does like multi-genre stuff Devin Townsend's your boy. He is a Vancouver born lad or no. He's British, British Columbia lad Canadian and great musician. Check them out if you get a chance, so I had a great time that I then I got back and we watched Crazy Stupid Love. Yeah, that's right. So Beth and I stayed in fact a little work. I made a little salad. We had some tips and we watched the finale of Love is Blind, which is just anyway, the I'm really looking forward to the reunions episode this Thursday drop sisters and Netflix, which I'm sure everybody who's listening knows because I was very late to the party on that show. But thank you Joey Alfieri for the recommendation. Yeah. Yeah Joe if you were right if you ever get the chance to eat a salad made by Veronica do not pass it up. She I've had two of her salads now and they're both different. They're very delicious. Salad, they're really good my favorite food. Yeah. Yeah, but what watching Love is Blind with Dave was hilarious and Oliver. I had praised the stupid crazy stupid. Love ya. I had never seen it before. I had these either and all of the gifts on the internet are from this movie. Absolutely. So here's the crazy thing because there are certain like I'm a big movie guy. I love movies I go to the movies all the time. I'm try to catch, you know movies that I like, of course. Um, so this isn't the first time we're like a super popular movie was something I hadn't watched last. So another example of this is Mean Girls. I had watched all I mean girls until until my flight to Japan in October. Last year, so I saw that for the first time I'm like man people were right. This movie's awesome. So there's that and then the um, and then yeah crazy stupid love watching that I was like, wow this movie is freaking great. I love it. It is good. I love it. Aw, so so incredible so we had so we had a great Friday night then Saturday today. Saturday we can't do anything. I feel like we did anything you and I went to eat. Yes. I see one barrel couch or whatever. It's called upper Branch the barrel couch decided not to yeah, I did was asleep. I am a sleeper. No, but it's funny because that morning I got up because I was on Vancouver time. You got up got ready. We could we go out for coffee. Yeah, because I saw your light on and so then I said hey, I'm gonna go to Starbucks. I'll get you something. And you said no I'll come and I'm like, okay and then we were told to leaving opening the door and Dave comes bursting out where you guys going. We're gonna go to Starbucks. Can we get you anything? Kind of looked at us and you want to come yes, I do. Oh, I did want to get Amber and that but that when we came back you went to sleep and then it's like if you guys wanted to do you want to come Dave I was like hmm to sleep. Okay. Let's rewind a little bit something that surprised me. About Montreal that's not typical in the states. Is that late-night Subway? Nothing. So coming back from the show. I was like, oh my God, I'm starving. I'm finally like not hungover anymore, and I need something to eat. So I was I got off the I got off at the I got the Metro at Water. I'm walking around looking around. I'm like, okay, let me go to st. Catherine's to rate their so I get on st. Catherine and Sean Berdy right shot. How many thank you. So I'm on that corner and I look around and Bam. There's a Subway. I'm like there is no way this so way is open. So I walk over and there's the sign says right. I was like, oh there I was like, yes, so I go and get my sub walk back and that's we watch the movie. I eat Etc then Saturday Starbucks that really take another nap. I thought yes, you really did. I am so lazy. But that's what you always do nap. Yeah napping is your thing, right? I am a napper. So yeah. Yeah fast forward to the game. I don't know what else we did. We went we went to be clean. Yeah, we went to do a meet-up. Yeah, thank you everybody. It was very deep blanked out for us. Yeah waiting for us. And so it was really nice of him to show up because he came along way. He wasn't going to the game afterwards or anything. So he was there Christina Jess. Yeah, thank you guys for coming out. So Abby and Abby and and then our friend Brian wild Brian wild showed up after the yeah after the impact game soccer. Yes really amped and it was really good. It's really awesome seeing everybody got together for some drinks some food and then we hightailed it to the game. Game and Carolina versus Montreal Saturday night Hockey Night in Canada. Charlie Lindgren gets the start and don't forget our paper tickets, which I bought months ago for this game. Yes. Yeah featured Charlie Legrand. I get my ticket Veronica. I forgot to you know, I pulled it out of my purse. I'm going to send it to you. Thank you very much. So yeah, we got paper tickets and yeah a back where we got on we're thinking Charlie Lindgren. Whatever kind of like our Nicholas deslauriers tickets for freaking dumb the biggest games yet a big at the Montreal game, but the biggest game in Montreal. So I always the Habs come out at a blistering Pace again against an opposing team. It was three feet down there really good. First two periods. Three, they were really good. Nothing, especially with that go with the the goal from freaking Gallagher. Holy cow. That was the S bleep. The interrupted. Mr. Lacroix dad's rise announcing Max Toby's gone. Yes, that's right. Yeah. It was de novo Domi Gallagher. Then what happened three unanswered goals by the Hurricanes to send the game into overtime and as we know our overtime hero 52 seconds in Geoff Petrie blade Petrie's dad boy to Petrie's dad who seals it now. During this game. Oh, yeah. We have another shout-out to give a shout out to shems who we saw Manning her post despite getting her wisdom. Teeth out. Good job shems. Yeah me so at Tim Hortons me salt and of course the lovely Sarah ran her ass down to the lower bowl just a look at a second and then Hightailed it back to whatever her VIP job is so sweet after so nice to meet her. Thank you. Everybody now during the court lovely of the genome and we sought bleep matching Corson. I don't think course. And of course was that the guy we're trying to think of it the fantasy camp as he wasn't actually there. No, he was I don't believe he was at maybe he was because he wasn't my not he was not okay definitely was not just what everyone out there. Yeah. So yes in Corson did the photo thing. Oh also shout-out to carry Frazier who was doing some meet and greet with greets with fans and Thursday night at the New York Rangers game trying to spread awareness from blood cancer, which is something that Kerri is battling and thriving currently so and he said no that that's why he was there he was there at a booth to talk about it with people. So that's what he's doing and he was at the camp as well being a ref for the guys which is such a treat because carry Frasier isn't incredible human being he remembered me right away. He's Why aren't you at the camp this year? I was like, all right. Sorry shit. Yeah, he dropped the puck for the Face-Off. So, you know, it's like okay, he would carry Fraser yell. And for those that don't know Carrie Frazier had the infamous call during the final series between the Haves and the Bruins for the illegal stick curve or what's the Bruins or Lala? I'm sorry. Wow, my bad Ellie Ellie. Yes, that's right the most recent one. So he had that Infamous call that kind of helped two halves. It a bit on that power play. Anyway, during the during the game of the game. What happens is that we get yet another message from Michelle. Lacroix says meet me some drinks. Yes, I hope to meet you for some drinks like as if we would like not go. Yeah. Yes if like we have anything better to do. And we could meet mr. Lacroix and we made a night out of it. We all got our tables rather had some other people join us a shout out to other Jess on Twitter as their chest who joined us are just abs for some for some fun. And yeah, we made a night out of it Michelle Lacroix the consummate Shadow lied and incredible personality and just what a lovely lovely man was very nice talking to everybody that came by And all the drunks that cave. Oh, yeah, that was a taste. Oh my God. This one guy would leave them alone. And he was he just handled himself just so impeccably such a gentleman elegant elegant man along above reproach just credible person is so funny telling us about how he can hardly keep up with us with our Twitter's like our Collective Twitter's and our happy hour accountability buddy. I think he does a really good job because Saw that we were at the game and and and asked us to join him for a drink after the game, which is like I'm telling you it's going to be a highlight of my life because this honor and a pleasure. Yeah honor absolutely. I was finished absolutely impeccable in his suit and tie and pin them to just the hubs have plenty of ambassadors. But an unsung hero I think would be Michel Aqua he is the voice. Yes. He knows the players and it's just yeah, it's pretty die. Yes. He I asked him he was showing me his phone because I asked him also, you're just on your phone in between plays. He brought us a puck. He's like, I don't know how to get her to give it to so I just grabbed it something a surprising little bit about the pucks. It was more like an interesting. I didn't realize that they purposely change the pucks after like every three or four minutes because you know, the Integrity of the puck starts to go down since you know, the NHL players are whacking the hell out of these things by didn't ya and then they get warm that they they get warm and they also start to wobble more. It's something that never clicked in my head about them hockey and you can tell would be would be moving and you can tell because because when it's like Frozen it's purple and when it starts to turn white again the pocket City. Yeah talking about the logo the logo on the puck actually changes color to try to show like the Integrity of the So if the NHL logo turns purple when you put it in a freezer, it's good. If it's like any other color, it means that the rubbers not is great. So that's kind of cool. But yeah, we just had a great night from there. We took the Lord had to please please note that notable that me Selleck watt said that a we were the craziest fans that he knows and be to keep on being ourselves. Yeah. Yes, so we will Very important, very best you sound like watching who else can we be right? He said so and then mr. John Liu joined us. Yes. Yes Simon's the leak has joined us very fun conversation John. Yeah has some incredible kicks. Holy cow whole he's so put together this man. He got a great fashion sense. I never got a chance to complement his tie. What a great great. Hi, everything was put together and he loves movies. And so if you ever need a talking point with John Liu talking about movies and he loves heavy metal. So if you're nice, yes, yes with John Liu start with heavy metal. So yeah, we we made quite a night out of it and Simon Simon. Yes. Yeah, yeah, and then we went to shut down beautopia again and Chris behind the bar remembered us. Oh, that's right. I did go back to brew Topia. I was not going over this time. I was not black out this time things happened in a different order and I was able to compose myself better. No franglish. So I knowed very well. Say what the Brew Topia drink ourselves, silly ish? And saying saying quite a lot saying a lot this was a lovely evening because that was very late. We when we called the Uber we went to wait in Hurley's is this yes and I was like surveying the pickup scene. I was watching it was very it was a very interesting. It was Human Experience like not experiment but like a Servation of human behavior At Last Call. Hey, why don't know if on stream time. I yes. So from the Carolina game starts to cough was a minus 3. So fucking funny and Charlie Lincoln save the game. Yes. He did in a second to go name is Chuck and he stops the puck. Oh my God, and then during the game anytime like we were we were very vocal during that game as you can tell my by my voice. But yeah, Dave who's got a very very loud voice one of our friends at set tweeted out. Oh my God, I can hear metal at metal Dave zero one. Yell attaboy chuck all the way from my re-election. Over yes. Oh my gosh. I was I was cheering on Chuck. It wasn't quite a bronx cheer. But any any time he's he's he's there doing what he can and one of the worst stats to come out of the Season despite. The win is that with two wins? Charlie Lindgren is in second place with the haves for total wins on the season, which is 2nd place with two wins. But it's just that something to address in the summer. Um, so Saturday night. He's the first one was a shootout. Yes. His second win was in overtime work. Yep. There it is. So sorry day. It was great. Thank you, too, Michelle Lacroix. Thank you to John Liu. Thank you too. Simon Sally. Thank you. Thank you for all the listeners and friends that we have in Montreal for yes out and just making Saturday night was incredible. The hole is very memorable was But Saturday night was a lot of fun. We had a blast. So thank you everybody and Sunday was boring. Sexy was great because we went we went we made our second trip to illumine Cocoa. But this one was on Saint Catherine and I could actually eat. Yeah, and so what I was I was a little bit moving slowly that morning didn't even notice. Hi good you did very well. Thank you and let me just say I'm really glad that I remembered to pack my sunglasses for the Montreal trip because I I don't think I would have gone outside. Otherwise yesterday morning. But yeah, well, um, I'll um on Coco was fine because the food was great. The service is fantastic the portion size all that stuff. Everything's everything's great. But yeah, we enjoyed I know Dave can never finish his his food and I was I was sober I was like, holy shit. I can't eat this but we had our good sort of We had a good we had like a podcast that we didn't record over that over yesterday's. Yeah, that's right. I really enjoyed. Yes. Well, yeah, it was like talked about the Habs the whole time. Yeah. Um, hello speaking to you happy. Yeah. Yeah, I guess the rest is Sunday. We went we just did we visit took that inquests true? Yeah. That was lovely after that. Oh, yeah. Just packed our things headed to the airport drop till I dropped the ladies off and then I hightailed it back home. I got back to Albany like around 8:00 left around 4 o'clock or so after the airport and dumb everyone else got home safe. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My second flight was an hour late departing. Awesome. What ya know that I'm sorry. That's lame. But at least this time I remembered that I'm in the Star Alliance Zone to line up. So so when I they did finally start boarding I got I was one of the first ones on the plane. Oh good good and you got your neck pillow and I got my neck pillow and thank you for reminding me about that bath and you can see it's a I mean I've used one before but I always forget until I get on the plane and I said brought me about a neck pillow or Panic pillow. I've got like five neck pillows in this house. And anyway, so At that was that that was great for me. And on the flight home. I've been to watched dead to me. Did you like it? I loved it. Yes. It is really good dead to me with Christina Applegate whom I adore and the other actresses name is not Lisa cartilage lady. Yes. Yes. Yes the medical show ER She was a young lady. She was on ER didn't realize that not to imply that she's not young now. Yeah, as a younger lady. She was on ER that's when I first noticed her cute cute as a button. They both like a very good show you guys. Yes. Yeah. Well that was the weekend. Um, the only other thing of note to mention in the final couple minutes of tonight's recording is a shock. Rippled through halves Twitter and the history of the Habs in general in that Nick Suzuki is the most in Cup winner for February. It wasn't price highly priced lost and he's so pissed. He does not care, but I'm really pleased for Nick Suzuki because even though you know, there's been some Um consternation and much hand-wringing among Habs nation that he didn't because gone kind of quiet since you know, quote unquote. Julian called him out. It's I think that just in terms of production because I really love I love watching this player play hockey so good and it's just so different. I mean, I really only ever get to watch these guys on TV. It is such a different experience watching in real life and you can really when you're watching at all. The ice it's it's just even even though they lost on Thursday night and they blew a three-goal lead on Saturday. I love these guys and it was just for me. It is a privilege to get to watch them live. So something to know in that in the final minute of what we're doing here is that I am quite vocal and quite negative when things go sour with the team. It's not it's not that they lose. It's how they lose and I think I've said that in the past in particular would like Nick nitpicky things over all the team plays well for one glaring thing clear the zone and number two special teams fix that. Hey, we got our second team, but decided to try to clear this Saturday, but the fucking roof got in the way that is a hundred percent. True. People are talking about it. Totally happened. Damn it. but all that stuff aside me speaking to Michelle Lacroix I think this would be a good way to conclude things here is that he he he sees the immediate aftermath of games and when Michelle Lacroix sat down at the table that night when he joined us for drinks he was he sat down and he was like because he knew that if that if that ended up as a loss it would have gutted the players but having that win he knew it meant so much for the players no matter what the standings are because it doesn't matter to them it only matters to to fans when Reds narratives that people want to write about they're going to play no matter what no matter what you wish they want to play no matter what and that's going to be the rest of the season come what may yep Come What May Come What May they're only human and speaking to Michelle about the team was very uplifting despite everything very uplifting and that's why that's why we do what we do and we try to do what we do with this podcast yeah even though I may lose sight and yes care about the players yeah that's all I got to say for tonight bet you have anything else Paul Byron so goddamn fast. Holy shit. They all know me and Silas wasn't a Byron. Indomie on the ice with the Petrie's gold. Yeah. I know Domi and Tata. He's the one who passed it to me and I was telling Dave yesterday that as soon as people write that book on his stick. I knew that he I knew he was going to score because he looked up he took his time and then he took a shot. Petrie just he's so good with over time. It's underrated. I mean the oh, yeah, he flipped up was what the overtime against. Yeah the Canucks because they got hemmed in their Zone because I can touch yeah tired. Yeah, they got yeah that over that as soon as they lost the faceoff it was like oh crap so because that's so you know, so especially with the talent. Yeah. It's key. Anyways, they got a point out of it doesn't matter regardless. Yeah. Yeah, we're ourselves a good weekend. And we're going to try to do this again for the draft and we're going to try I'm going to bring some. Adrenaline shots or something because I'm going to be a wreck because I have a I have a I have a wedding that I have to go to that Sunday. So Friday and Saturday day 1 and 2 of the draft and I have a wedding Sunday in Vermont. Hahaha. Ain't that could be fun. Yeah, I'll bring a suit. I'll look very dapper. I'm gonna go ahead and say that I'm definitely coming because I was thinking budget permitting but you know what? I paid 15 bucks for my flight because I flew on points I can fucking do it again. Yes. You can't do it this time pack the right genes. We just need to get tickets. Make sure that yeah.