Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The topics the panel and I cover are the skills Business Leaders and CHR rows are increasing needing from their HR professionals. We talked about the evolution in learning and how it has been delivered to HR. We talked about ways to help HR professionals feel more comfortable confident having data-driven conversations. And we also look at how HR professionals can strike a balance in developing both soft and hard skills. This episode is a must listen for CHR owes Chief learning officers heads of organizational design those working in a workforce planning or people analytics role and indeed anyone interested in the skills HR professionals require now and in the future a huge thank you goes out to our Adamson and the team at / foul for allowing us to create this podcast from the panel discussion people analytics and the future of work, which is affectionately known as the foul is a conference taking place in four cities in 2020, San Francisco Sydney London on the 29th or 30th of April and New York on the 17th to 18th of Amber I'll be co-chairing the conference without if you'd like to come along and find out more. Please head over to the foul dotnet. That's paf o w dotnet now, let's head over to the panel discussion. I hope you enjoy What we're going to talk about is HR skills for the future and how to develop them in our work in sight too too too. We're working with people analytics leaders in North America and in Europe and I would say probably the most common thing that they ask us about and challenge that they talk about is upskilling the rest of HR to be more data-driven and more digital. So be interesting when we talk through the panel now whether those skills come up, I have a sense that they might We've got a great panel here. We've got three people who have all been practitioners leaders within big organizations at different times, but then they're all doing something different. So Archie Milner who is on the far right is the global head of people analytics Uber and previously held similar roles at McKesson and Chevron. And the first thing that struck me when I met RJ is the amount of work that he put in into developing a community of practice at Chevron, which you then did a Heston as well all to try and help people both within the people and the six field and adjacent to it to actually become more familiar and more literate with this so lots of stuff from from RJ Heather Whiteman who is now senior lecturer at UC Berkeley. She teaches a course in people analytics and we will definitely ask you about that and previous to that Heather was head of people analytics head of people strategy and number of other stuff at GE digital and when she went to Gah whole they were 200 people and by the time you left over 26,000, so and you did it mostly on your own from a people analytics perspective for a long time and then Ian Bailey my colleague insight to to but he's also the Creator and leader of the myHR future platform and previously at Cisco where again you had a variety of roles around people planning Talent acquisition operations, but also helped develop a tool within Cisco to help career pathing an HR professionals. Develop the skills that Cisco needed in the future, but also the wider Cisco population as well. So we've got a great panel here to talk through the skills of the future. So we're going to start we're going to start with you Heather as you've moved into Academia and to get your view with people coming to the courses that you're doing at Berkeley, you know, it'd be great to understand if some of these are people currently in HR, what are the skills that they wanting to learn? Yeah, so I teach a couple different courses, but one that I've been teaching for a number of Here's is a course that tends to bring in people from the HR field that are only just now realizing how important people analytics and analytics and HR is and one thing about the field is I make the joke often that a lot of times individuals in HR ended up there specifically because it was one of the few careers that required no data skills whatsoever to get and then all of a sudden the world changed around them. And so I'm finding In that especially in the world of HR, we're seeing this Awakening to the importance and the need for having data skills, but even more than doing the data itself, it's becoming a data translator. So a lot of what I focus on when I am trying to educate is not just how to do data but more importantly even if you're not the one doing data, how do you understand it? How do you apply it and beyond all that? How do you think critically about turning business problems into a Austin that can be answered and then solved by applying analytical thinking and analytical insights so much for the skills that we focus on there is how to become that data translator and the person who can connect power of data with what we know and what we do in HR, that's great. Thanks and RJ from looking from the organizations that you work for know you've only recently joined Uber but typically, you know as a people analytics leader. What are the skills that you found? There was almost a barrier to Tabling you to be more successful. Let's Chevron a McKesson in particular setting Heather really hasn't right when we talk about a data translator or dead interpreter. The those kinds of Consulting skills of how do we take the insight and then make it understandable and then actionable or are probably the biggest accelerators and then there's great work from Deloitte and others the talk about that but also the biggest barriers so when we think about scaling people analytics and scaling insights across an organization, whether it's a smaller organization or very large, Ization having that data mindset is critical and I think the question then becomes how do you build a data mindset So within a people analytics organization having certainly having the Deep skills so that the core analytic skills that are developing insights or critical but you need those data translator skills to bring up the business, but it's not a one-way Street, you know on the other side in our HR business partner Community starting the business side. We also need the analytical thinking skills. So some of the work that we We did in past organizations and we contained your now are building those analytical thinking skills. Whether it's among HR business partners a larger HR community and you can think about that in terms of a business mindset, but also a data mindset and one of the things that I often talk about with with HR peers is that we don't want business partners to be analysts, right? So, I don't know when people running structural equation models and doing that kind of thing in the field. What I do really want is a strong base of analytical thinking So what's the problem clearly identifying the problem statement breaking down in terms of root cause and then coming to the team with a clear understanding of well, I think this is the problem. I think this might be what's driving it. Here's some data sources. I'd like to explore and it creates a much stronger partnership between the analytics teams the HR teams whether it's cos or HR business partners and and Business Leaders in the field and also allows us to interpret the insights much more quickly. And so you mentioned cos David. When we think about building cos or communities of practice really building the analytical thinking skills in the HR Community not just the hardcore analyst skills. And I think that can be a challenge at some of the price that we say is that everyone in a child suddenly needs to come a data scientist. As you said that's not the case. They just meet fail to interpret and as you said do the framing the business problems and developing hypotheses that the Allen succeeds and then go away and and investigate and prioritizing the most important things of course as well. Okay, and a and slightly wider than people analytics obviously we did some work last year at my HR future and we actually did a study of HR professionals around the skills that they wanted to learn and be great if you walk through some of those. Yes, we ran some research just over a year ago where we went out and said, well what what do they CH are professionals feel like the skills? They wanted to learn where did they feel they had the biggest knowledge gaps when you think about traditional where HR has come from and where aspirationally they wanted to get to and we saw there were six skills that came out as the priorities people analytics not surprisingly was was one but we also saw topics like strategic workforce planning digital HR and HR technology and design thinking in HR come out as really high on the list as as ones. They wanted to learn but then also we saw some softer skills like Consulting an influencing and stakeholder management come out as well. And I think picking up on what you've both just said that was really reassuring to me because I think Whilst, you know, there are newer skills and analytics historically has not been part of the core kind of skill set, and there are newer skills that people need to learn and we need to kind of confront the way that every organization is becoming more digital but to do that you need to influence you need to persuade you need to be able to really Drive change and you need to build credibility, you know, if you're going to get success with your people analytics project or if you're going to get budget for that call new tool from next door that you want to implement. Then you need to be able to really kind of build that influence and build credibility and get that through the line with all of those stakeholders and we're seeing now that there's more stakeholders than ever to manage as well. And so it's been an interesting Journey on understanding that blend of skills that I think are going to be really critical for HR in the future and these skills are course are very different as I think all of you have alluded to to what we've traditionally hide for in HR. So what are some of the blockers that actually prevent some of our colleagues? Particularly HR business partners to acquire these new skills easily Ian. Maybe you you went last time I let you go first this time and then I'll hand over soon. So one thing that we're hearing a lot of as well is sure there's a there's a piece around capability, right? So there are new skills and there is new knowledge that people want to acquire but with that also the topic of confidence I think is really important and then also a theme of culture and so how do you drive a culture within an Raishin where it's more data-driven or digital, you know, how do you shift that? And that starts at the absolute top? Right? If you're not seeing that being set by the senior leaders then really you're not going to see that that change comes through you're not going to see people start to decide that they want to learn the new skills and to change but then allowing people to make mistakes allowing people to actually practice these new skills and build that confidence as well. I think is really important right? It's not just about taking a training course in You're darn right? You need to then apply. By those learnings and you need to practice that time and time again to get the confidence to actually have a data-driven conversation with a senior leader for example, and I think that's a really critical piece as well. And so I see those as a couple of the blockers that people need to overcome and RJ as well as any block other additional block or so you seen and also then what is the responsibility of the people analytics team itself to help their colleagues in a charter to acquire some new skills. It's a great follow-up question it so they be sometimes we Overlook our own responsibility in helping so There are two things and building off. You know what you said. There is I think there is a palpable anxiety among many of us an HR about taking on that data-driven responsibility and it's understandable. So people that have not relied on that skill set before they have not built that skill set before and I've relied very successfully on a different set of skills asking them to Pivot and pivot hard to something different is naturally uncomfortable and I think we need to be empathetic towards That so that's probably one blocker is that we're asking people to move very rapidly to something that might be very unfamiliar and Heather to your point something. They may have very purposefully selected a career not to do and that's hard. Let's just acknowledge that if II think very fundamentally is that we might be asking ourselves and as an HR function the wrong question or we might can be framing the way we add value and correctly. And so if we think of ourselves and at different times as being the provider of information or saying my job is to think through what the span of control is or to provide this information back my business leader. I think we're framing the way we add value to the business in the wrong way and we're looking at the value of your 5 in a very small way compared to what it really is if we look at the value we provide as helping understand how the business delivers a You through our people. So how are we actually executing business strategy through our Workforce? And that's the role of HR and that's the role of HR business partner then being data-driven having that business Acumen and data Acumen in the consult a mindset the change mindset the talent mindset those things surface very very differently and it's a different conversation and it's a different way of approaching HR. So the so those are the two barriers I would say David. Your question what role do we play? Well, I think people analytics can play a very powerful role in addressing both of those barriers. So first off the very real barrier of anxiety and fear. Well, let's help take that away. Right so that can be done certainly by helping carry some of the burden but not all of it. So the people that likes functions exist to do some of the work. We also can exist to help lift the developmental burden as well. So you Communities of practice that had the pleasure of developing and some other organizations. How do we help the rest of the organization understand what a data mindset looks like what is data driven HR which so many organizations many of which are here I've done so so very well, what does that look like and whether that's training or whether that's simply setting at Northstar and a guidepost we can play a role in that. The other piece is helping really walk through through what good looks like from a consultative standpoint. So being side by side with our HR HR business partners reach our colleagues and help help do that Consulting work and I think that helped that helps reframe the conversation around. How do we add value through data in HR? Thank you all joy and had the similar. It is an e-book has left but also thinking back to your time at GE digital of see you escaping that organization quite quickly. Did you actually start to hire for some of these skills in the generator our populations? Support support the growth. Yeah, so it's funny because I'm sitting in a room where if I look to my left I can actually see where you know, sometimes you go into people analytics and you're sort of on your own and you're trying pretty hard to bring others along but then if you can bring in individuals, so there's a gentleman named Chris raise your hand, please. So Chris is here today. Now a you know full card-carrying member of the people analytics community in Maya Opinion but he was really part of another team who saw the power and the had the interest and the energy to want to be part of the power of people analytics. And so then individuals like other sitting on the table and you say l we were able to build a you no-talent approach using analytics and then bring others into that journey and let them be part of it and then I would say that, you know, Chris actually had better numbers than we did on some of our own initiatives that we were running out. And that's because it's about really bringing other people in allowing them to be part of the community and to the comment about barriers of what we can all do. I think we're all pretty awesome in the people analytics Community, but sometimes we treat it as if it's it's own thing and that can be a little bit too exclusionary to others when really we should be welcoming in the broader all to be part of utilizing analytics whether they might be calling themselves a people analytics professional or not. Not and I think that can go really far in helping the HR skills come up and that applies to things like technology and other areas is really being inclusive as to who we include in that along with us to staying with you how this is smooth now to how people learn and what people can learn so looking at the courses that you run a bar key. What are some of the some of the skills that you're you're training or helping people to develop? Yeah. So some training. In fact, I actually was just working on one with my HR future in the academy. It's going to I'm going to say two things that disagree with each other. So one most of the time I'm trying to train people not to be data scientists or even really Advanced people analyst. I'm trying to teach them how to think like a day to minded person if you have more advanced skills fantastic, but if you don't that doesn't mean you can't leverage them. You can't use tools and other people and then in the exact same breath. I will also highly recommend that anyone in the HR function whether people analytics are not you should be growing some of the more basic data skills. Like I genuinely believed in this is where they're like my HR future Academy comes in every HR person who needs to be data minded should know basic statistics. Do you need to be able to like calculate everything? No, but when somebody else brings you analysis don't you want to be able to critically evaluate it so you don't just have to accept their word as to whether it's not it's right. You can actually check it out and test it. So I think people need to learn and And the reason I bring those up as you do learn by hands on so you do need to play with something like stats so that then when you get there, you've had some Hands-On learning to actually get there and do it. Thanks Ian. Obviously the way people learn is changing and I know that was part of the research that you did as well, you know, so, you know there you can learn stuff in a classroom, which is great, but you can also learn on a more continuous basis as well. So it's been interesting your Viewpoint and the different ways that people want to ER nowadays. Yeah, we wanted to understand that better with the research and and I'm a huge fan of continuous learning. I feel like that's that's kind of how I learned were all learning here today. You're learning when you're scrolling your Twitter feed your learning by listening to your exceptional podcast and your learning by doing many of these things. And so I think that's exactly how we do learn right? I think sometimes we need an intense burst of learning and that might be classroom-based. It might be a formal, you know, university certificate kind of thing. It could be a short video. It could be a long video, you know, it could be any of these different things. And then ultimately we learn on the job. Right? We put those that information that we acquire into practice and then maybe we can read a great article that gives us some more depth some case study on how a company has also gone and done that, you know, and then we have a conversation with appear and we pick up on that. And so I think this just fact that we're just going to have to be learning from now on forever and acquiring new skills is just the new reality and how we do that is very Current, you know for each individual but what we learn from the research was just how complex that has become and how people are learning from blogs from social media from YouTube from all these different sources. And you know, that's something that I think is just going to be more and more the norm now that we just learn in so many different ways and if we can we should learn a little something every single day and of course technology is supporting that as well. Yeah. No, absolutely and I think you know, it doesn't really matter kind of what your preference is. You're just getting bombarded with that information. Should now and so it's how do you find really the best sources of information for you and acquire that in that way and technology is a huge enabler for that and obviously many of the different platforms that are out there to support that. Now that companies are rolling out is helping with that to food. So our Jay following on from that, you know, if your colleagues that you're working with Uber in the learning Department, what sort of challenges is this giving them in terms of actually putting learning and you could refer to obviously Chevron and mucosal as well. You know, what sort of challenges is given. around HR for HR learning So I think there are several that we probably all share as a community the challenges of speed and scale seem to be fairly common of providing the right learning can at speed when people need it. So that's where it can topics of micro learning come up of not having that. There's not a place for courses there certainly are because available, but but the balancing the great kind of Learning that can happen in a classroom environment with peers with just-in-time learning that might be I just need to know this now and I need it in two minutes providing that quickly but also providing it as scale. So across a thousand 10,000 50,000 person organization. So that's certainly one type of challenge curating that so understanding of what type of learning at what moment for whom and that audiences are different so the and that's where people analytics can play a great role. Along with our Learning and Development Departments of understanding who our employees segments. What's the difference in their needs? So e^x plays a huge role in this? Well, if people analytics and learning development to provide that if for lack of better term that Netflix Netflix queue of Learning and Development that I think you may have heard about earlier others talk about as well. So those are I think some of the barriers from a L&D side. Okay. I'm going to wipe it up. So if people got questions start putting their hands up I was going to ask a very quick fire. Question. So each of you you've talked about how a charcoal learn that I'm going to talk about for you guys. So starting with you Heather. What's the one skill that you'd like to learn this year? Battalion and data visualization skills to get the impact of what I find out there. Well, I saw you present yesterday and your storytelling was perfect because I've been working on it Ian. Yeah, so I'm still obsessed with this whole memory science topic that we explored in your podcast couple weeks ago. So yeah, just how the brain works on finding fascinating the note. So you and RJ change management. So I think the majority of people analytics ends up boiling. Change management one way or another and formal approaches to that. Perfect. He talks a little bit about the personalization of learning. Are we seeing this then and Heather probably for you actually, so you obviously you're doing a course and it's a bit of both really isn't it? Great to go in a classroom because you've got that time and that space to learn as well. But almost you seen some augmentation with some of the stuff that Ian was talking about perhaps Jen and I think actually in and I've talked about this before I mean, I love In time I love you know content that's just on your phone and ready but I do fundamentally believe in some Basics and some certain topics do need a formal learning process because I don't think you're gonna do just in time like basic statistics so that you can go question something that was given to you. That's something that you need to take a little time out of your, you know, put some time to develop so that when it does come up you can understand what you're being presented with and I think the You have used an example of using other times is I am scared of the concept of somebody learning about data privacy just in time like that is a scary thought please take some time to understand the Notions of data privacy and data governance. So there is a place for formal learning so that you can learn a deep you can learn it. Well and then I really think the other more just in time the bite-sized that's where I think you'll find the really engaged personalized, you know right amount at your right level at the right time. I'm that you're interested in and that sometimes can even go further because it's so applicable to what you're carrying about. So I am a fan of both kind of learning areas. You can really only but you can almost look at this in three buckets and there might be another way to look at this too. But this is what struck me in the moment, but there's structured learning right? So that's whether it's key learning cultural compliance. There are things that we want to build and do a learning curriculum. There's just in time attracting more tactical. So I need to do this for this particular job that I'm doing and then there's nudging right which might be more moment based or event-based. You know, I haven't done one-on-one Summit may not have done a one-on-one and a month when their directs and they get a nudge the time to a one-on-one and here's how to do a great one-on-one. And so the if you combine those three buckets together all of which are me data-informed in different ways the structural learning that's really formed by what is our culture where we wanted to go what kinds of leaders we want to develop what are our talent segments all those crazy things the Tactical again didn't form a different way and then the nudging data to form perhaps by passive data collection, very different way all those together form of really compelling L&D program. Well, I think it's we're running at we've run out of time unfortunately, so it's been a fantastic panel and I think I think we probably all agree. The upskilling HR. He's an important part of creating sustainable capability with people analytics and having a more data-driven function. So RJ Heather Ian. Thank you very much. Thanks for listening. I hope you enjoyed this special episode of the digital HR leaders podcast. You can subscribe via podcast app of choice. If you did enjoy this name, please do rate the show on your podcast app and share it with your friends and colleagues via social media. We all rely on your feet. Back and support to keep being able to make the podcast if you haven't already do check out my HR future.com for the latest learning and news on the future of HR and you can also subscribe to the Weekly Newsletter there too. That's all for this episode. But please make sure you tune in next week when we'll be back for Series 7. Well, I'll be speaking to peers from other Global head of Workforce analytics data strategy and governance at Johnson & Johnson on how to set up a people analytics function to deliver value to the business and its Workforce. So don't miss that one. One and I'll see you next time.