Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m orDownload the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast. Welcome back to the paddle and fin Network. This is the final cash. I'm your host Josh. I'm bread. And tonight. We have an epic guess Glenn Young from z-man Glenn. How you doing tonight epic? That's quite a title right there had that on my business card. Hey, man, all of our guests. I think man we treat our guests little never mind. I'm not that special. I know you are all of our guests are awesome way to ruin it Brad. Glenn decided to sit down and talk chatter Bates because you know why that is literally Brad's favorite bait back Brad one is first tournament and only tournament right? You've only won one with your ChatterBait, but we had to bring that up in me. Yeah. Well, it was an impressive win. It was actually last year in the spring for a river tournament that ended up turning into a lake tournament because of the awful wat weather that we had last year during the Spring and beginning of Summer and Brad put on a showing for everybody and basically showed everybody how ChatterBait needs to be thrown in muddy 6-foot, you know both pool type of water. So you put on yeah. Yeah. Everybody started calling me bread or bait after that. So Glenn Go ahead and tell us a little bit about yourself what you do for z-man and sure, you know, whatever else you'd like to share. Sure. I'm the national sales manager for z-man. I also handle all International sales as well and I've been with z-man for a little over 10 years now prior to that. I was with Shakespeare for a little while and prior to that Iran Gamakatsu for 10 years. And before that. I worked about a decade as a full-time guide rep instructor. Tournament Castor everything mostly on the fly fishing side of things because that's kind of how I got my start the business. I started as a kid with a fly tying company when I was 12 meet a friend of mine started to fly tying company in Oregon and basically just hide flies for sporting good stores all around the Northwestern us at the age of 12. Yeah. That's when I say, yeah. Well it's mostly because we loved fly fishing but our parents wouldn't buy us the equipment. We really wanted and they said look if you want to buy this Stuff, you know will support you but you know, you gotta work for it. So we started tying flies professionally and did that all the way through High School. It was great. We made a lot of money spent every penny we ever made never saved any of it because we blew it all on fishing equipment which was the whole point of the deal to begin with and it was fantastic and maybe my partner still we're still best friends to this day and we're both still in the industry. Actually. He's he works on the Travel side of things and he's managed lodges and stuff and You know, I kind of went off when I got out of the military. I kind of got back into the fishing thing is as a guide and fly-fishing instructor and tournament caster and all that and I guess, you know, I've been in Life or in this industry only because I have a passion for it I love fishing period I can't man. That's awesome. It's awesome that you got started with the company like that. You guys started your own business at such a young age and stuck what that all this time and you get a you know, it's like they say you won't work a day in your life. If you do, you know something that you love and you know, that's pretty cool. It's a very true something a lot of us Anglers would love to do but not it's not in our cards. Is it Brad Brad's a carpenter by trade and I work in the steel industry, so But I'll tell you what, I'll guarantee you you guys probably fish more than I do. I've always thought about that know how much people in the industry actually do get to Fish. It's honestly it's not as often as you think for me being in the industry. As long as I have. I've been on numerous television shows and I've appeared on a lot of different YouTube videos and things like that over the years for different companies and I've been fortunate I've been able to travel the world doing this. This and so people who know me know me from the videos that I've been in so that's all they know of me. There are no videos of me sitting in front of spreadsheets all day. There are only videos of me fishing and catching fish. So they assume that's what I what I do and granted I do get to Fish a fair amount. I've had the opportunity to fish a lot of great places, but in this is what I tell people I do seminars for colleges and high schools and stuff too. And first question. I'll ask these guys want to walk into a room because a lot of them who know me I walk in I'm a Rockstar to these guys. So I walk in and I asked him one question. How many of you in this room want my job and every hand goes up say okay. Now let's get something straight before you make your career choices. Let's understand. There are two things you will not get in this industry. The first is wealthy. The second is time to fish. So you better keep that in mind before you decide to jump into this business full time. You know and the ladies there are worst businesses to be in but the fact is I don't get to fish as often as people think I do. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. You hear that often also, enjoy it. Yeah, I mean this is a business and you know most of the time I'm busy running the business and that's what I do. Je they want to International to you, right? Yeah. I do II do all the international sales as well. That was awesome. I think in I was in 15 I got to spend a couple of weeks in Australia because we're the number one lower brand there and have been for many years and I got to go down there and train up a bunch of the salespeople and stuff down there and I got an opportunity to fish while I was there and film some videos and stuff with guys and this year I get to go to Europe for the European tackle show. So I mean, I've been fortunate when I was with Gamakatsu, I got to go to Japan a few times and you know, I've been very very fortunate I have you know, so it's not like, oh I know. Never get to fish in this job sucks. I mean, it's it's a it's a great gig. I just don't get to Fish this much as I would really like to because I love fishing. So awesome. So kind of going off what you were just talking about with visiting Japan. I've always kind of had you know, you see that there's a lot of time fishing lure tackle companies that are based out of Japan and is it as big as it is here in Japan? I wouldn't Say it's as big as it is here only because of the population base in the access to fishing that they have from what we see on our end. We presume that it is huge and fishing is a huge part of their life over there. But the bass fishing part of it is very very small. Most of their fishing is done in salt water. And if you ever want to see some really funny videos go look up IU fishing in Japan because I mean that's one of the things that they do over there and some of the rivers they have there and it's where they're using a telescoping rod that's like 25 to 30 feet long and they've got a live eye you on the other end of it that's got hooks hanging all over it that they lower into another hole to snag another I you that tries to attack it and then they throw it into a tiny little net in the air. Well, there's the crazy fishery and they spend thousands upon thousands of dollars to do it. But the thing with the Japanese tackle industry and I think the thing that most of us Here in the west have learned to appreciate is their craftsmanship. Yeah, you know when they sit down to design a lure or a method or anything like that. It's very very detailed. Very precise. I mean, they don't just rush something to Market. They test it for a long time and there's a lot that goes into every bit of it is probably a lot more Artful over there than a lot of the lure businesses here, right? Yeah. I mean you kind of see Uh some some of the companies out there, they'll start cutting this Corners with the cheaper Hooks and you know, just you know, it's well known in Industry. How a lot of people is there's a by a jerkbait they're switching out the hooks of it. So yeah, I've always I've been a subscriber for mystery tackle box and there's a huge difference in the American made products versus the Japanese products as far as like the hardware that comes already installed on your lures and it's it's kind of crazy. You see the difference and like you said the craftsmanship that you see and even like the attention to color and detail within it's just Second To None really when it comes down to it. Well, there's a huge Pride factor involved for them to I mean, they're not going to put something out that anybody would want to perceive as junk. You know, I mean working for Gamakatsu for 10 years. I learned that in the hook industry. I mean you could say it's just bending wire and putting a point on the end, but the amount of Time and care and thought that they put into every single hook that they ever engineer designed or built is what put them on the map. It wasn't just let's run some water through a Mill and here's a pointy thing and I hope it holds up for you. I mean, they took their time and crafted every single hook that they made they were by far when I started with them. They were nothing. I mean nobody knew who they were and people were telling me man ain't no way he's nobody's going to spend $2.99 on a pack of hooks and Now look at Alfred back. Yeah. Yeah, but especially how about back then right back then. Nobody would even conceive of spending money that kind of money on a hook until you explain them as like well, alright you spent how much on your Rod how much on your real you made sure you about the best line that there was on the market so wouldn't break and you really want to put a piece of crap hook at the end of all of that. One piece that has to hold on to what you just spent a fortune to pursue know it up is like no you really want to that's the most important part of the whole thing right that in the line. So that's really kind of what got Gamakatsu going was that whole perceived quality, you know what it's still there. I mean they, you know, they engineer their own steel. They do everything right there in their own facility. They don't Farm stuff out they don't Sort stuff out to other countries, you know, they they take pride in the fact that they craft everything. Yeah. Nice. So Glenn happens to be a kayak fisherman as well Glenn particle. He is a 99.9% kayak fisherman. Yep. And so you want to tell us how you got in the kayak fishing. What what kind of boat you got going on right now? I couldn't afford a boat. So that's what got me in a kayak same here. What a lot of us take her out example. I mean I I started fishing on the kayaks in the Northwest and I was living out there and it I just found it. So convenient because I could launch it anywhere. There were a lot of creeks and rivers and places that I could get to in my kayak that the guys in boats just couldn't get to and I found that the gas is a lot cheaper and my kind of to gosh nearly as much to fill that up. And so I've always just been even when I was a kid, I mean me and my buddy fish out of float tubes forever, you know, we didn't buy both of us if we fished on a float tubes, you know, and even back and I'll tell you a funny float to the float tube story when we first bought our float tubes and 79 that's going back away. People didn't know what those were and they would see us out in the water passengers. Like y'all gotta motor under that thing how you gettin around. It couldn't understand the concept of having little scuba fins and moving around and the one time that that Actually came in handy for me was when I was stationed in San Antonio. I used to go out and fish a place called Calaveras Lake and I would take my float tube out there, which the first thing you have to understand when you fish a float tube anywhere in Texas is you realize that you're a rest stop for water moccasins. So you have to you have to be armed because they're out there swimming around that they see an island like Hawk think God and Island and he see you as an opportunity to rest, but I was fishing off the face of The dam and I was annihilated the stripers and this boat saw me killing the all these stripers. So he immediately started motor and it wasn't even a fishing boat. It was just a giant pleasure boat and he started to plow towards me and I'm turning around looking this guy like, oh my God, are you serious? And the guy on the bow of the boat turned back to the guy driving it and threw his hands up in the air waving at him to stop Whoa. Stop. Stop stop, and he looks at me and he says Are you standing up out there? And I immediately said yeah, it's super shallow. I don't think I'd bring that big boat in here if I were you there's an oh my God. Thanks, man, and they turned around and left and that's awesome. They didn't understand that. It was 60 feet deep where I was fishing That's goes for details that I didn't need to tell them. So I'm always kind of been that kind of an angler the guy that's you know, I like the access. I like having control over where I can Lon Ouch and where I can put in and for me, it's just always been kayaks. And you know, I just probably way I'll always be I love fishing out of a kayak awesome. You mentioned you had a native Propel tin. I do yeah, I recently bought that I've had it for just a couple of months now and I absolutely love it. I mean for a 10 foot boat, it is incredibly stable, you know, because I can stand up and you know and flip patties and stuff like that with it. When I'm fishing salt water with it having that pedal drive when you're in a current situation in Tidewater and stuff. It's so nice being able to control, you know, where I can go and all that and not have to paddle constantly in this set the paddles down and then cast I mean I have an acre system for it and I heard they ever use it. Yeah, because I don't need to I can control myself so well with that that pedal drive system that even on Windy days on a lake. Chef I very rarely have to use the anchor and I absolutely love that feature about that boat, you know just for a 10 foot boat. It fits easily in my garage loads in the back of my pickup truck. It takes me literally I timed it to minutes to load that boat in the back of my truck strap it down and leave but it's not bad. No, it's not bad at all moments. It's just me. It takes me for every doesn't friend. Yeah, it's all good. Though it's all good. No, I absolutely love it. It's really spoiled me having that having that boat. Now the places I've been able to fish with it, you know, I can launch anywhere with a boat like that and I love that factor and you know living here in Charleston. We fish a lot of salt water here for redfish and speckled trout and you know and having that boat just before words me the ability to get places that a lot of the other boats really just can't get to it as easily as can that yeah, that seems to be the trend with kayak fishermen and with what you know, kind of we all get attracted to is that that ability to reach those hard to reach places and also like you touched on it, it's cost-effective, you know, like a lot of people get sticker shock really over some of the prices of pedal drives but in the long run, you're not, you know getting motor boats up and down those small Creeks those Rivers and even with the lake man, even with like if it has, you know a pact boat ramp, you could still usually launch somewhere close to their you know, yeah right and have to wait. So a lot of it just comes down to accessibility and I think that's the biggest benefit of having a kayak like that is accessibility. Just there's so many more places that I can have access to with that kind of about that. You just can't have with a big boat. Yeah. Well, we're going to go ahead and it's worth it. Yeah. Definitely. Well, let's get into some ChatterBait talk. What do you think Brad? Yeah, man. I'd like to go into where the ChatterBait started the exam. Okay. Yeah, like the original your original. Actually. There's for all of your listeners out there. There's a there's a fantastic documentary out there. It's called the million dollar idea and it's on a website called 20 feet deep and this comentary made if you ever have 20 minutes to kill and you just want to watch the most fascinating story ever. This is it and it's interviews with Ron Davis and Ron Davis jr. The guys that invented the original ChatterBait how they came up with the idea how it came to Market how z-man got involved with this whole thing. It's an absolutely fascinating story because let's face it is a very unique lure. Yeah, and when it came out it created a category that didn't exist before It's when Jigs and now in every tackle shop, there's a category for that. It's not a lure. It's a category and that's an important distinction with the ChatterBait that it's not just another bladed type of lure. This isn't this is an entire category. Yeah, and so when it started off it was invented by Ron Davis from rad lures and this, you know started happening probably around me like 2005. Around in that frame when it was really working on it and we're really hit the big time was around 2006 when Brian Thrift won that tournament on Lake Toho by a big margin using this lure and of course, you know how the vast guys are once somebody was a tournament Allure. They've never seen before everybody has to have it. Yeah, and so immediately it just exploded and in fact at that time, I remember when I came out because I was still at Gamakatsu at the time remember when this came out and you could actually find chatter baits on eBay for a hundred bucks a piece. Wow. Oh, yeah, because because it was essentially rat lures at the time couldn't keep up with the demand that was created by all the hype surrounding this thing and that's kind of where z-man got involved. So Z man's history goes back. We've actually been around more than 30 years. But as a consumer brand we've only been around since about 2008 prior to that. We were a manufacturer of silicon skirts. So we had a skirt plant here in Charleston that we manufactured skirts for basically every manufacturer out there that made spinnerbaits and jigs at the time and because we had sources and we had resources and we could get things done. That's about the time. I am that rather was approached z-man about helping take over the manufacture and distribution of the ChatterBait because essentially they couldn't keep up. There was just way too much demand and they just simply didn't have the resources to handle it but z-man did yeah, so that's why they came to z-man at the time so they came to see man. We took over the sourcing and distribution for it. And then what happened was in Thousand eight we actually bought it out, right so we actually bought the ChatterBait and got the patents and everything secured in 2008. That's essentially what started z-man on the path of becoming a consumer brand that we are now was that so go ahead. I believe the first time I heard of the original ChatterBait was probably 2014. So you're late to the game. That's yeah. Yeah, that's probably late. He's weightless. I was just getting at that time, but that's okay. You got to win on it. So that's all good. Yeah, but you know at that time it was very unique. It was a game changer for the entire industry. So that's kind of what brought us into being the chatter of a company originally and of course now, you know, Were far beyond just being recognized as the Chatham a company where we moved way beyond that now, in fact, it's funny. I've actually been on trips recently where people see me wearing z-man Stephen like, oh my God. I love your Ned rigs where he used to be. Oh my God. I love your chatter Bates and now so I think what's rather stuff now, which is fine. Yeah, but since then the ChatterBait as a category has continued to grow and as you're well aware, we have numerous different offerings. Within the ChatterBait family and the reason that we do that is because we're all fishermen everybody that works in a company as a fisherman. I mean our president Daniel Nussbaum is a hardcore angler. I think Daniels probably under a first-name basis with every redfish in Charleston by now, you know, seriously, I mean the guy I mean hate facing women because he's so freaking good. It's one of those things like do I let him cast or not when you measure these one of those guys and You know and I fish and and everybody that works with us fishes, we're all Anglers. So we all have the same type of passion and we also understood once the ChatterBait started to take off we needed to be able to offer different models at different price points with different components to satisfy the needs of all the Anglers that are out there because I mean face it official, you know bass guys are really a picky Bunch. Yeah, they really are. You know, they're the kind of guys. That look at a bait and go. Wow, that's really good. But you got to move that one little black flecks from here over to here and then you got something. Okay buddy. It's true. So, you know, so when you look at you know, the original ChatterBait that came out the next step in The evolutionary process for us was the Elite Series because we knew that working with our pros of the time we needed to be able to offer a higher end higher-quality ChatterBait out there, you know, because Original ChatterBait is a price point item and it always will be you know, it's one of those things is designed to be accessible for everybody, you know, and it's still catches fish, even though there's all these other models bass haven't seen to get you know, gotten the memo yet that you know, they can still eat this one. They don't have to take all the newer models but each one's designed a little bit different. So so when we look at the Elite series The Elite Series uses a Gamakatsu hook on it's got a 500 yarmulke. Zeus spinner bait hook on it the head designs a little bit different than the original and then that it's a little bit flatter and wider than the original and the blade is connected to not the hook eye but a wire format the front of that head. So it's close to the head so that it's designed to make contact with the head, you know, honoree tree. That's the whole idea behind that and then we put, you know, a serious keeper behind it. We upgraded all of the Honest on that to make it truly the elite ChatterBait. So that was your next step up in quality. Was that one then from there? What we did is we expanded that into than the project Z chatter Bates so that my project thank you. I see you know what we're going along just fine. That's the one I won the tournament on that's the one I've taught all my biggest fish on it still personally my favorite as well. That's what you know if I'm going Owing to throw a ChatterBait most of the time it's going to be an elite or not the elite but the project Z. I just love the accent on it. And I think a lot of the reason is like guys like that when you look at it the blade design and the head designer two completely different. Yeah when you're looking the elite. Yeah the blaze out front and it's more of like a swim jig design. Yeah more of a swim jig head on it and the blades at front which to me gives it more freedom of movement. So one of the knocks on chatter baits on Some people is that they don't always vibrate right away since it water. You got to give them a little start to get him going. Yeah, the project Z starts vibrating the second it hits the water and there's any tension on it. So it's vibrating immediately and it has a little bit of a wider swing to it. It's just different. So for me, that's what drew me to the project Z was like I love this, you know the action of vibrations immediate on it. And then from there I evolved into taking the skirt. It off of it and just raising rigging a straight-up razor Shad on it without a skirt. And that is my go-to ChatterBait now really? Yes. It is. I'm gonna have to try that. I do use the razor shots. Well, you know the trailer but I think there are some situations where I don't want the big bulky skirt profile. I want the bait fish profile. So in a situation like that I take that skirt off I go straight razor Shad on a project Z body and then I can't The step further if I want to throw it into cover. We make the project Z weedless. Yes. We have the one with the brush guard and I will tell you this from experience it is weedless. I have tried to hang that thing up and can't do it. The first year we came out with that. I had some customers. I took them I used to do an annual trip out on the west coast on the California delta and I would bring a lot of my dealers and stuff out there and the first year we had that we list version of it. I had one rigged up on a client's rod. And he looked at me so what's this is it well, that's the new weedless projects. He looked at me with that look in his eye and said wheeles, huh? And I could tell immediately. I'm like, oh are you going to be that guy and he immediately chucked it as far back into the to lease as he could there wasn't even water there. It was just straight into the tool. He's just doing that you had that little smirk on his face and he started reeling at it came through. So that's cool. Okay, I guess it is weightless. So It is it is a weedless version of it. So when I am fishing around structure and stuff I tend to go with that and typically when I finished it, I do take the skirt off and throw the razor shed on there. Yes, I get that more slender profile on it. So that's the project Sea and the project C is higher end components. Okay, so it's got the must and fast hatch clip on the front. It has a must add Ultra .5 out hook on there. It's got double Barb Keepers. It's got in a dual umbrella skirt on it. I mean this thing is a Souped-up ChatterBait. Yeah, it really is. It's funny. You mentioned the thing being such like a swim swim bait type bladed jig. That's what I literally I literally tell everybody that and I feel like that bait shines in grassy situations and I like to throw mine with a turbo crawl trailer. Actually. That's a good. Yeah, that's a good one to learn any of the natural colored chatter base. We typically Try to throw the turbo cross the trailer on that. It was not a Shad pattern. We use the tube across the trailer on that. Yeah, that's definitely a good choice on that one, but you're right because an aggressive situations one of the things with the ChatterBait when it first came out, it was kind of a seasonal bait. It was one of those things was just really thrown early in the spring grass is high. You've got to be able to bring it through grass and to ChatterBait excels in grassy situations since then of It has become a year-round go to bait because there are so many different ways that you can throw it but with the project C because the blade is further out front. It does tend to come through that grass pretty clean. It doesn't catch a whole lot coming through it pretty much just chops its way through and with that Sleek head design. It really comes through the grass. Well, thanks a lot of guys like that. It's funny because you know, I watched the chatter going on, you know online and stuff with guys and you know, everybody loves a jack. We wish all get into but you still got those guys like now I'll stick with my project Z, that's me. You've probably seen my comments man. Yes. Yeah. That's that's the way I'll do it as well. But you know we had so you have the project Z then from there we moved into the next thing it came out was the ChatterBait Freedom the one with the swing head design and kind of that. You know that Sleek bullets. Tape head on it with a wide Gap hook on the back that was designed to come out as a weedless ChatterBait. And that was actually before we had the ChatterBait project Z weedless. We had the freedom. So the freedom was designed to be that heavy cover type of ChatterBait that you could bring it through the mats the grass Timber things like that without it hanging up the thing with the freedom when it first came out the thing that we a lot of us have realized since then is that it is truly a Channel ChatterBait, it's the one that you want to throw when you are throwing in to cover because in Open Water your hookup percentage is not very good on it. The reason is this you're fishing a Texas Rig plastic on the back of a reaction bait. All right. So those two things don't always go well together. And in order as a we're real world example, you know back on the Delta we were fishing the thicker to lie. So I was throwing the freedom it one time and I was throwing into the spatulas and I caught three straight. On that the fourth fish because the waters clear I watched him pursue the ChatterBait outside of the toolies. Once he died. He swiped at it and I missed him because you have to remember that your cover take is different than your Open Water take your cover take is very deliberate fish tend to grab onto things and hold on to them more than what they do in Open Water Open Water. They tend to run it things / it things, you know, they're hitting it on the move. So it's very very different and when you A Texas Rig plastic on the back of a reaction bait like that. Your hookup percentage isn't going to be as high because of that slashing take that they're using so, you know, and I got to see that firsthand. I watched him come out. I watched him swipe at it and I saw me miss it firsthand. Yes, so I immediately understood. Okay. Look this is where this bait shines is in the cover because they grab it the hang on to it. I never missed one. In cover in Open Water, I didn't get every single one that hid it so it was one of those things to where you know, you have to be mindful of where you're throwing each one of these different models. So so we had that and then of course, you know later on came the Jackhammer and the Jackhammer was actually kind of a funny story because Brett Hite designed that and there was a lot of pressure on us to bring it out and we debated internally for quite a while as to They're not we could actually sell the system, you know, $16 ChatterBait. It's like somebody's going to spend that kind of money on one of these things. I mean, it's there's no way and of course, you know now we can't keep them in stock. Yeah, and I was like, well we should have started at 20. But you know that everybody loves that thing and one of the things that does make that different in each one of these chatter base that we've mentioned so far has a different action from the other. Okay. So each one vibrates differently each one swims differently. Each one has a different profile in the water. The Jackhammer has a little bit smaller profile when you look at it. It's not as big and bulky as say a project Z. It's a little bit smaller profile when you look at the head designer things. That and the head design is kind of curved on the bottom and the blade is set up front. So it's a very super tight vibration and it's designed to hunt a little bit more than what some of the other chatter baits do. So on a standard retrieve is kind of going to hunt a little bit go back and forth a little bit or if you make the retrieve a little bit more radek. It's going to hunt a little bit more and there are a lot of guys that say that's what makes the difference for the jack. Jackhammer is that hunting action, which is one of the things that makes it so effective component wise high quality components. It's got a Gamakatsu hook on there that's got a decoy egg snap on there. The blade is actually a different thickness than the original chatter mates. Okay, so it's a different thickness and the other ones. It's got, you know, a duel keeper on there. It's got a hand-tied skirt on it. It's got an elaborate paint job on the head with eyes on there. There are a lot of things to set that apart and Like how come it cost so much they main reason that it's so expensive is because that's the one ChatterBait. We don't actually manufacture ourselves. We have to get it from Evergreen. So we have to get it from Evergreen overseas which costs that much more because we have to pay them and then we have to get it shipped over, you know, and then there's you know, all the you know, additional import fees and stuff like that and it's actually the lowest margin item that we sell as a company. Yeah. Really understand? Yeah, and we but we had to do that because we had to set that price at a point. We thought it would still be accessible and that's why I said looking back and shoot. We could have gone a couple bucks higher, you know and probably been just fine. But we wanted to try to keep that retail price as low as we could and still cover our costs to import it. Yeah having no idea that it was going to explode the way that it has. Yeah that there was a God. Yes. I was going to just say that if you're not if you're not using these man, you're not doing something right. It seems like every tournament angler out there is using this bait. Yeah, they are. Yeah, they are. I mean pretty much everybody's fishing it. I'm going to be the classic last year was one on it so mean everybody's throwing it. Yeah, you know, everybody has one in their box and a lot of it is that perceived value that because it is more expensive because of the different action that it I'll catch more fish and it's funny because the year that we launched that you know, it exploded immediately and I remember laughing because I got an email from another tournament. It was I think it was an Elite Series an event. That was the one on the original ChatterBait the for 99% That's like two months after we launched the Jackhammer which everybody said is the greatest ChatterBait ever buzz like well. The bass will still eat the other one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, they didn't know they were supposed to eat the Jackhammer and they still don't know that it's funny you mention that because Derek brundle is down at the 10 for the the kbf detent Invitational and he was catching them. He was catching on the original but he could not get a bite on the Jackhammer and he gave one to his buddy who's like use this dude. They're biting this. They're not buying the Jackhammer. I thought that was funny that is funny. That is And that's the kind of stuff that never makes it to the public viewers perspective. Yeah, we all hear about the Jack Harriman how great it is, but like you and I've already mentioned. I mean, I'm still going to go back to the project see are actually was a couple of weeks ago when I was fishing. I was on an outrageous top one or bite it died and I look at my box and I had an original ChatterBait already rigged up with a razor Shad. So I threw that on and immediately started catching fish, so Like but this isn't a jackhammer these yeah supposed to eat this, you know, but a lot of us that perceived value if the guy has confidence in what he's throwing these going to fish better. He's going to catch more fish and that's really what it comes down to yeah of confidence in what you're throwing you're going to catch fish, you know, and now we look at so we've expanded the the lineup again since then this last year we introduced another Freedom ChatterBait called the CFL and this one's really cool. This is this might Start to fall into one of my favorite categories here as I start to throw this in a little bit more. I really like this one. This one has a football head is a slight head design, but it's a football head and the blade is super close to the head. So picture, you know a blade on top of a football head really close, you know, it's going to knock the crap out of it. Right? So that blade is knocking back and forth. But the biggest advantage to this design is that it will not ride up and that's one of the biggest Gripes with a lot of ChatterBait models is that if you retrieve them too quickly, they will come to the surface. Yeah, they tend to want to write up a little bit this one when we introduced it I cast I was out at the on the water event. I don't have guys throw it out there and immediately start retrieving as fast as they could. So the bait was still on the surface to see if they could get it to come up to the top and they couldn't do it, huh? It sounds like a good version the ChatterBait that could be phished like deep and away from the grass than exact like on. Is Rock piles things like that? Because what our football heads really designed for their designed for Rocky areas primarily, you know, the football head is designed to work its way through rocks at that hanging up. Well, this thing is going to be ideal for those Rocky Ledges Rocky Boulder patches things like that where you want that bait down and you want it to stay down the entire time. That's what the CFL does and the price point comes in. I think it's I think this one is like 1199 s like that at so, you know, it's not you know, super expensive but it's good quality premium can As well. Yeah. So I mean it's a really really good solid bait and I think we're going to do pretty well with that one because the guys that their own it so far really really liking it this is that a newer how in the head is actually a different is actually made out of zinc instead of lead. So it has a different sound. Yeah. That's that's a newer one. You said? Yes, it is. Okay. That's our newest ChatterBait. Is that one? Yeah. Okay. I thought I sold out in the stores, but I didn't know what quite. Quite sure what it was for. So I'm glad you went over that. So is that zinc giving like a more high pitched noise are like a deeper sound sound that's completely different sound and with the LED does so it's a different vibration a different sound and because it's a swing had design depending on what trailer you put back there. You're going to have a different action which could offer regular chatter Bates. That's what a lot of people say about the Jackhammer as well. It gives it even more unique sound. Yes. It is a different sound because of the way that blade makes contact with the head. It's a completely different sound. Yeah, you know and it's pretty noisy to it was actually it was recently just a few days ago actually my distributor in South Africa posted a video on his website and had underwater footage of the Jackhammer with a microphone. You can hear it. I know it's lies. How loud that was? Yeah, I might have seen a video by wired2fish. They did the same thing with all they did. Well them I believe yeah, I thought that was really interesting that that's what gave me the inspiration to ask you to come on the show. Yeah, because that we they're all different sounds are all different actions. They all have their place. They all have their application, you know, and a lot of it just comes down to to personal preference, you know from the angler. What are you have whatever you have confidence in you know, so we know what Brad's confident take this. Well, I like I like the price point of that one as well. I just feel like it's like the best bang for your buck and lick and I agree with you. I really do the you know, when we made the decision to switch a lot of our chatter baits to that Fast Tax clip on the front. The reason that we did that is because the original clip design was okay, but You know, like they were guys that were you know opening the thing or breaking it or whatever. So when we decided to go to the fast touch clip, we actually tested that clip for a full week in Venice, Louisiana on bull Reds, you know, and if we could open one of those things up on a 30-pound bowl read on straight 50 pound braid and I know bass guys not going to open that thing up either. Yeah. We never ever had one fail. And that's when we decided to go with that type of clip and we slowly kind of get in line changes with a lot of our baits to have that Incorporated on all of them. You know, I have a quick question Glenn regarding like trailers for Ford chatter baits in general. I've seen a few videos here and there where they talk about trying to match the vibration and you'll see things like the chi Tech get flipped upside down because they think it matches. Vibration a little bit better about people will kind of use like Brad likes to use a turbo crawl because right the turbo crawl will kind of match whatever its kind of on in a sense by itself. Do you think that's important? Do you think very important? Yeah it is and not so much in matching the vibration as much as it is trying to match up a profile or the action that you need. So for example, like when Brad's using a turbo craw behind one of the chatter Bates most of those chatter baits are probably more in the natural color. Not typically the Shad colors that you're using and the Turbo crawl will have a lot of action behind it. Okay with those two little claws are going to be moving quite a bit behind there. Are you look at the razor shave the razor Shadow isn't designed to have a lot of action behind a ChatterBait. If you actually look at it behind a ChatterBait, it's just kind of there but it just slowly. It's not even really just vibrates a little bit, you know, it doesn't do much but it's not designed to it's there to add baitfish profile to the Whole thing, then if you need additional vibration behind that that's when guys will go to like the diesel Meadow. You don't throw a diesel menu on behind there because now you've got a paddle tail on the back. So if I have dirtier water, I want to add to that vibration. That's when we put on a paddle tail behind the back of it because I want that additional vibration the thing after remember, excuse me, the thing after remembers that that blade that's disrupting so much water out front that not a lot. Of that water is actually going to get to that trailer in the back to force it to move. So you're not going to get quite as much action back behind that bait on some of those trailers as you think you're going to based on its shape, but right so when you look at something like a diesel motor vessel guys will go to the diesel Meadow because it's not only a shadowed profile, but they do get a little bit more thump behind it because it is far enough back and that tail is shape that is still going to thump and move back behind the Chatter paid right? So that's when their guys are going to that and when you go to more of a natural type of color, that's where you want the turbo cross because the turbo cross is going to have that dual action. It's like a twin tail grub. Yes going to be moving and you know swirling around in the water. So it's not going to create a lot of vibration, but it's going to create a lot of action. It's going to disturb a little bit more water and it's going to be a lot more movement behind that bait. So when you think about what a Chatterbait It is truly what it is. It's basically it's the flash of a spinnerbait. It's the vibration of a crankbait and the profile of a jig and so that anything that you add in behind that is going to accentuate that bait from there. Interesting. I never thought about it like that. Uh-huh. What's even nicer combination of a lot of things? Yeah with the football head design one man. That thing will probably be killer with like a crawl to you know, the turboprop. Yeah, pretty much going to be the ideal trailer that most guys are going to be throwing behind. That one is pretty much the turbo craw based on how their fishing at the depth there fishing it out. They're going to want the additional action of those little trailers back behind that. Not only that the other thing that you can do With it. A lot of guys will fish ChatterBait as a jig and with a born trailer on the back like a turbo cross. You can put it on the bottom rip it up towards the top. Let it go back down to the bottom rip it towards the surface again. Let it go back down and that's one of the presentations that I don't think a lot of guys are doing with the ChatterBait. You know that you don't hear about a lot but it's frequently used by guys fishing deeper water. Yeah, Kentucky Lake. I feel like that one would shine. Yes. Yeah often times that's where we sell a lot of the heavier versions of the chatter bites that we have like the project C. We make up to a 1 ounce because of that, you know, the the Jackhammer we Makin an ounce and a quarter because of Fisheries like that with the guys want to drop it off a ledge get it down to the deep water. Rip it up Let It Drop back down and the thing is if you're going to do that, you're going to have to have a trailer on the back that's going to provide some action and some buoyancy so they don't want it when it does get to the bottom. It is going to stand up a little bit. So it's certainly it can still be seen. Yeah, and you did mention something that kind of brought me back to when I first started using one because I remember using it on like, you know, Brad and I are primarily small mouth guys. We fish Rivers a lot and I remember first throwing it with some spinning gear and stuff, but I would miss a lot of fish and when you were bringing up the fact that you know, you're basically fishing A Texas Rig, you know single hook style bait. I remember even when I got into throwing Bay Casters in my mind. The whole time was this is a moving bait. This is a moving bait. Oh, you know medium action kind of stuff you would throw with crepe Bates and I remember I would get hits but I guess that's kind of where I was falling short as far as like what kind of Rod you know that I was using in a sense and I think that's why you're starting to see more and more guys are throwing like medium heavy rod. You know because your base keep fishing, you know a Texas Rig bait that happens to move like you said and I have yet to try that all last year until you kind of mention that I had never really kind of put that in thought like that. Single Hook is going to be hard to throw on like a moderate action medium Rod or you know to get a good hook set. I guess you know, right? Yeah, it is a lot of times you got to remember you. You have to let them load up on it. You know it mean it's yeah, it's a reaction bait and a lot of times they're going to swipe at it and hopefully you get them but still you have to allow them to grab it load up on it before you really try to drive that hook through them, you know, and it's easier said than done because look I mean, I'm a small mouth guy to Total Smallmouth. Junkie, you know if it living I lived in Colombia for Columbia, South Carolina for 11 years and I fish that broad Over all the time and you know and my biggest smallmouth ever came on a ChatterBait and that river is a 22 inch here. And yeah, this is the heck of a fish and that was on a ChatterBait. And that was one of those ones I had to make sure he loaded up on it first and and I was fishing that one more as a jig. I was actually casting upriver working it back down through a I'm line as a jig when he hit that. So I did have the opportunity to let him pick it up feel it and hit him instead of a lot of times when you're throwing a ChatterBait is a check and wind luer primarily you throw it. You wind it back in so you're getting a lot of those swiping takes and things like that. So the rod action has to be such that it allows you to let the fish grab it load up on it before you try to drive that hooks wrong. Yeah, you want to make sure that they have it. That's the main thing. And with your action Lords, I mean that's just the nature of fishing reaction doors. Yeah, a lot of times. It's just it's an investigative strike. They don't always get it. They just kind of slap at it. You're not always going to get this fish. Yeah. So let me ask you this what me and Josh are both Smallmouth fidge fisherman as mentioned before what chatter batery throw it in the river primarily. Actually that biggest one I got was on an Elite Series. Okay those on the elite in the blue color, but most of the time if I'm fishing the river, Typically where I've pretty much gone to the naked project Z with a razor Shad that okay much what I'm throwing most of the time in the river. I just feel like that profile just suits the river fishing better. I like the action that I get off of it. I like the control that I have over that particular bait without a skirt on it controlling the profile the action of it all that for me. It's just you know, it's a confidence thing. So we all kind of Navigate towards our comfort zone and for me that bait is my comfort zone when it comes to somalis in the river. So I typically throw that one quite a bit. And do you guys offer like your your chatter Bates without the skirts? We don't actually know we looked at that in the past and I say with one offer in the future. But for right now, we don't we just kind of leave it up to the angler. Yeah, you know you guys pick a trailer you pick the profile you want is honestly if the water is dirty, I'm really Skirt on I want the big profile and dirty water. I mean I have to but the Broad River typically runs very clear very seldom was i Fishing it when it was just blown to hell and just chocolate milk. Most of the time that River was clear. And when that water is clear, I take the skirt off every single time complete opposite of our Rivers here in Ohio with are always there always a mess here if they're dirty then that's typically why you're probably throwing the darker colors Turbo. On the back as much noise as you can get out of that thing. Yep. Yep. I told Brad to start adding glass beads to his line to you should just start lining up the spacers in between them on your line leading up to your bait. So every time you jerk it is like click click click. Is that a bow? you always take a small mouth you always think of smaller baits I didn't know who like smaller chatter baits or anything not at all no not at all you know to me Smallmouth is a very opportunistic Predator fish yeah they're very aggressive by Nature I've caught that my huge baits in fact I think the one I had to laugh at the most on the broad was I was throwing our streak Excel which is 1/8 inch jerkbait and I had it rigged on a 12 odd ewg and I put a g Stinger on the back of it you know right up top just because I mean it's you know there's no way in hell they're going to get a 12 on their mouth and the First cast I made with that into a pocket I hooked a 16-inch smile mouth who came in without the Stinger hook in it but the 12 out through the roof of his mouth you know so I discount nothing when it comes to small he's I mean they're just aggressive fish when they want to kill our they're going to kill it it's true like I mean I did downsize my swim bait Over the past couple of years, but I mean when I first start the Autumn has thrown the 5-inch kite Exile Adam all the time and you know, I caught a lot of big fish like that. So, you know, I just I kind of think that when you you do downsize it just kind of starts to match the hatch a little bit more at least where we live, you know, but I mean because it's kind of rare for you too. I'm a we have big shad and a river systems, but the kind of come and go real quick. Like I've only seen like big a big school of big Shad like I'm talking like over 5 to 6 inches like maybe once you know, mainly mainly everything that we have around here in Ohio's tends to be on the smaller side. You're looking at three inches or less a lot of times. Yeah, so well, that's typically where for me when I go back when I'm not trying to ChatterBait in the river. I'm typically fishing are three inch minnows and that's one of my go-to Bates and it's awesome. my favorite topwater fate is that because I can throw that on an unweighted hook because the materials point it's basically a surface bait so I can run that across shallow Ripples and things like that keep it up top or I'll rig it on like an 8-ounce ewg and you know I can slow the swimming retrieve down control the sink rate a lot better because I mean honestly what produces a lot of fish is control having control over your presentation is really huge Factor being able to control my sink rate with any bait that I throw is a big factor for me so I want to be able to control my depth I want to control my retrieve speed and that's a big factor for me so when I am fishing swimbaits I'm either throw in the 4-inch diesel minute or the 3-inch menos most of the time the transmitter was because I had tell people for years everything needs you everything is a 3-inch meant oh yeah yeah I mean what does it eat that everybody eats at so I throw that quite often and I do a lot for small is because like you guys said I mean I have there's big Shad that come into the Broad River there's lots of them in there but it's out there everyday forage probably not there every day forage is the smaller more available Bait fish that they can run into so that's what I'm going to try to appeal to them with is that you know so Brad you got anything else no I'm just I'm just sitting here thinking I'm going to try that Saturday without the skirt right brain is just come on One of you know, it's a it's a great bait like like I've I've used it before and I should actually get kind of into using a more often because I became a big high tech guy but one of the huge downfalls to Kai Tak is its durability, you know, and z-man what their plastics it's just it's barn on man. Like I've fished a TRD and caught, you know good. T20 Smallmouth, you know on one little TRD, you know, nothing would be thrashed and you're like, yep. It's going to go one more time, you know one more time one more time and it just ask about your like it's I mean those baits are so durable. They're even hard sometimes to put on whatever jig or whatever you're putting on. I was talking to Brad. I was throwing Brad and I actually went out fishing today and our conditions were weren't the great great. Assuming the weather warmed up a little Bad, but we thought about a good solid ten mile per hour winds. The river only had maybe at best six inches of clarity and it's cold. It's 36 degrees outside and I am text Brad. I'm like, hey, dude, I have these z-man micro Jigs and I was like, I'm gonna throw these I'm gonna throw I had the little the oh gosh. I think it's like a little crustacean bug the crap. Yeah the crusties so I'm like dude this thing is going to be awesome, you know, and then I texted Is Brad I'm like dude. I can barely get this thing on because of the plastic is so durable. It doesn't want to pass, you know by the keeper very well. Like well, I'll tell you here's here's a little tip for all your listeners out. There. Is that the key to rigging any z-man plastic onto a keeper his to pull it onto the keeper and not push it onto the keeper because when you try to push it on the keeper wants to push back, but if you grab the material and pull it up and over the keeper and will typically lock on there pretty much. All right, buddy. I mean face it you know guys fishing plastics for years aren't used to being able to do that with a soft plastic bait grab it and just pull it up over a keeper without a tearing apart but this isn't going to tears you don't have to worry about that grab it pull it up onto the keeper and that's the best way to do it it's kind of like yeah it's kind of like the same kind of deal you got to do with the bullet finesse yeah you do yeah that little uwg sound okay I got ya when I was so what I thought of that because I've done it with those a hundred times times yeah I've done with the turbo yeah it's just aren't used to being able to do that we're having to do that with their Plastics and going back to your point will liking the diesel men as in the swimbaits I think one advantage that we do have outside of the durability is we can make our baits softer than a lot of other companies can because of that like the diesel minnow and the regular minute is have such a softer body that it takes nothing to make that tail move nothing at all any movement all gets that tail immediately going in the water because you know when you use regular Plastics if you want to make them durable you have to make them harder and when you make them harder you basically kill the action yeah and with our material we're not worried about it falling apart so we can make it a little bit softer giving you a lot more action in that tail than what you can get off of a regular plastic and I think that you know like you know what Brad has been using that turbo crawl on the back because it's claws are so soft it takes nothing to make those things move behind a jig at all and it's the same thing with the swim bait you look at the diesel minnow and the regular minnows it takes nothing to get that tail moving at all behind any jig because it's so soft and we're not worried about it falling apart so there is a big advantage to that so you know when you're looking for Action out of a swimbait that really gives us a big advantage over the others really has and with the popularity of the All men are we've been able to add new sides. We have a five and a seven inch version of that thing now too. So we've been able to expand that even more because guys like, oh my God, I love this beta wish you had a bigger profile in it, you know. Yeah. I want a bigger chunk of meat out there that Wiggles. All right, cool. I got one for you. Nice. Well, yeah, just we just hit an hour here so we can start whining this down. Unless Josh has any other questions. I'm done. Yeah, I think Glenn covered. It Glenn, I do appreciate you coming on and talking to us man our website this Josh. You just cut it off and put on a new one, please. the 25 fish on one TRD in addition I believe it yeah I mean but I think that the best we ever had was he had a guys sent in a 4-inch Finesse Worm that caught 238 baths how was it took 38 baths there was like six crappy and a couple of warm-up or something it was just like stupid statistics on this thing you know yeah that's what I raised one thing you know like you said like it's real nice because you guys have the buoyancy to and a lot of times we get the boy it's a big factor yeah look at like when you rig a swimbait do you want it rolling over falling over know you want it keeled you want to balance do you want it straight in the water right so when you rig a swimbait on a weighted ewg style hook and you use a material like elaztech it's going to be balanced and killed every time so you could stop that thing dead and it'll sit on the bottom up right it won't roll over follow You know what for us here in Charleston. It's a huge factor for us. And when we use weighty wgs, or things like our way to 10 lakhs, it keeps us out of the oyster beds because that bait is not going to roll over a graboid stirs anything like that. It's going to just simply just come right over the top of those oysters and never fall over a rollover and regardless of my retrieve speed or you know, letting it sink to the bottom. I know exactly what that bait is doing every second. It's in the water and that goes back to what we mentioned about control. Controlling your presentation is what produces fish and that's a big factor right there having that control in that buoyancy is a major factor in your control over your presentation. Yeah. I mean if you got baits are falling over. Can you imagine you're a fish and you're saying they're like, oh that looks good. Oh, but it just fall over like that that's happening. Hey there never mind. I was going to eat it. I'm not going to that's funny. All right Glenn. Well, like I said before we do appreciate coming on anytime you feel like you guys are awesome. Yeah, if you feel like ever coming on that podcast just reach out to Brad and I you know, we'll be more than happy to have you back on. Yeah, I'd love to do it again. I mean we have there's so many techniques and different things out there to talk about when it comes to fishing that had happened to come on and talk to you guys any time. Need to refer you over to our best fishing for noobs segment. Yeah. Hey go. He he he loved he talks techniques with like big Anglers so across the industry so that'd be cool. Yeah, I'd love to do it anytime few guys anytime. Thanks. So you got any anybody like to thank sponsor shoutouts where people don't follow that my employer z-man. Yeah, and I mean honestly I of the luckiest people on the planet I really am very fortunate to be doing what I'm doing and and and I tell people all the time that even if I didn't work for Zima and I'd still be fishing this stuff just because I just I just love the quality I love the control and everything I get out of fishing with this kind of stuff and and I encourage people to get out and fish and as often as they can and that's really what this is about just get out and have fun yeah there's a lot of turning my guys out there that are high highly competitive I'm not honestly in going in as many decades as I've been in this industry I can count on one hand the number of actual tournaments I've fished life seriously you know when I first it's for me I just love to just take the kayak out and just go float around by myself and just total Solitude where it's nice and quiet and just enjoy your time on the water you know that's what it's about for me I just love to go out and fish you know and it's always fun one because out and yeah I'll get competitive with them yeah really competitive with God forbid any of the young guys that work for me you know start to have fish me it gets better it gets bad then awesome but you know it's one of those things that I enjoy every second I get on the water and the reason that I get it on the waters because I truly enjoyed us not to win prizes or anything or to shoot videos is just for me just to enjoy my time in the water enjoy the resources that we have here because their friend their fantastic yeah definitely where can people follow you on social media actually if they wanted to follow me personally it would be fish Rockstar exactly what that would be there's really annoying story behind that we won't get into but it's actually fish underscore rock star behind that because I do have a musician background thingy that's tended to haunt me and follow me the rest of my life so I have but they can do that and then you know ads email For sure on Instagram and on Facebook because I mean we're constantly posting things. We love to share pictures that we get from people who follow us, you know, so if you're not following z-man right now, you need to order some great content on there. We post our videos on there. We're always refreshing it and like I said when people show us cool stuff, we love to share it with everybody else. Yeah, you know, yeah, you know, so if you want to get it fixed picture in front of you know 200. 70,000 people. It's probably a good way to do it. Send it to us. Yeah. Yeah. Watch out Brad's gonna be loan you guys up with pictures now tagging you it tagging you every time I catch a fish on the broader. There you go. There you go, and we're looking for it. Well awesome. Again. Thank you for coming on the show Glenn will talk to you some sometime down the road. I'm sure and you have a good night. All right you guys to thanks a lot again. I really appreciate the time. you're fantastic thank you for calling thank see have a good night everybody all right bye yeah go check out the website guys paddle the letter N in fin.com also check out YouTube youtube.com forward slash paddle and Finn if you got a question comment want to hear from a future guests feel free to email us at paddle the letter N in fin at gmail.com don't forget to follow us on social media we're doing giveaways announcements things like that at Facebook and Instagram at paddle and Finn shout out to our show supporters Rock Town Adventures leveling canoe and kayak hammered lures fish mob lures TRC covers catch products go to catch products.com you could put the paddle in fin logo right on your catch board don't forget to go over and pick up your jig Masters jigs use promo code pmf 20 and save 20% today don't forget to rate and review the podcast on whatever platform you're listening to it helps grow the audience helps others find our podcast so please drop a 5-star rating in on the podcast platform you're listening on don't forget about the Recycled Plastics program you guys take your used plastic baits put them in an envelope and mail them to the address in the show notes are man Eric Richards at hammered lures melts toes down makes new baits and donate some to various chapters of Heroes on the water