Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonnaGet one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part? I've not done a podcast. I know we're lazy 33 up all the time had no, but we're back now. Yeah, and it we've just kept the anticipation going. Yeah exactly. You've all been eager and we're back now we're giving the people what they want and this week. We're gonna do body image and self-esteem. Uh, yeah bring it back with a heavy work. We're not we're not going to make it a heavy one. We're gonna bring some light heartedness. Yeah, I did get to do. I don't think I can handle her cry today. These heads out of yeah, I know so yeah, we're just going to talk about that. Keep it light-hearted talk about our own experiences when we were younger like how things have changed gonna tap. They change no no, I feel like I haven't grown in about 10 years five foot three. I was I've been the same height for a very long time still insecure. Nothing's changed. St. Just a new shit different day really so I think we're going to start with sort of talking about when we were younger and and just stupid things that we did to try and keep up with how everyone else is looking and like keep up with the trends. There's always a certain way that people look like a haircut or the way people are doing their eyebrows now like just different thing in my school. There was massive phase of everyone having white Converses. So yeah, I know it was like why Converses Parker jackets, they you know, like new light not pocket like Parker coats. Yeah, like real ones. Yeah. May you literally have a fucking greedy. I know with the with the fur on the hood. I'll achieve that it'd be years. I just I can't be bothered to get. Yeah, I still love them 15, but you know, yeah, there's definitely certain things like also will they went to like a stage of I remember what this was quite like, this is primary school. Yeah. Remember those shoes that you got from Clark's that had the little lost souls and the in the bottom heel Closer by different outfit and then they stopped at the age they stopped up for wasn't it? So therefore how did you break me? Yeah, you know they say I really enjoyed that. It was a really good of them. I don't think so children these days just don't you don't know if you remember Heelys as well. I never had use enough them. I was sick, and I was so good at eat it. I used to go to him roller discos in regulating where I'm from. I literally we just used to go around like this Village Hall like listening to music with the like strobe lights. Okay. Yeah. I remember going around. I remember supermarkets like when you'd walk in there like we do not allow he leaves initially I did. Bad memories into like the bait beans or something like that. I definitely would have broken. My neck thing is I was sick at who lose but I think that's because they were quite a wide surface area like, you know, like where is this God? And did you have a front foot know when I was like 4, although when I was a baby when I started school for like three years. I had a but one of those video and no no actually let's get to the root of my insecurities right now. My mom sent me to school Karen if your listing not a good idea at school had a little Barb. Yeah front Fringe like blocked off. I because I like have really bad eyesight. I had a path. Are we drinking water then and I almost passed out. Oh, I had little glasses like Bill Graham dance and a patch on one. I like are you trying to get a child bullied anymore than that, honestly, so my insecurities started from day one really just shit haircut. Can't see anything cross-eyed. Just just imagine your lazy eye. No just today. I haven't got a lazy eye it doesn't wondering. It's just visually challenged so bless you. What did you get rid of the patch then like you two did I had it for like, where do we younger do people point out to you? I don't remember. Yeah, because no one can name easily believe it. No. No, I don't actually remember probably people who went to school with me. Don't even remember me having it to be honest. I wish I was around when you had that but I feel like yeah, it definitely wasn't a good look. I just remember sitting in front of the TV being like why can I not see anything? Yeah, just have this big fucking Plaster over my other that's me now, but I still put it over your good eye the one you can see out of so so make sure you have one strong. Yeah, but it doesn't she just go around not being able to fucking say anything so ridiculous, but you do like walking around town or whatever like bumping into you. Can you imagine an adult packed though? You just gotta just give up on life. If I do listeners have a past Boyka Boyka. Oh my God, there is nothing wrong with having a pot. You know, but also just stand you up from the crowd a little bit too much - when you're little like no one wants that do they know which is why everyone conforms to all these different things like nobody looked at me and thought y'all that fucking Pat she's got as well. I want buttons on it. Yeah, they changed up so we could be like flowers and it pink flowers in the other we could be like blue with pirates. Yes. That's where it started for me, please. How about you? Well, I think I've always been insecure. No, I've been in school my whole life. I think for me the moment. I really started caring. Yeah, that was when I was in like secondary school, I think actually no that's a long know when I was in primary school is a lot about what's the end maybe? Yeah. It was. Yeah, it was like If it was like kind of if this I wouldn't say its design it was at Hollister and other problems the Hollister and avocado. Yeah, and yeah and like people would go into school with Jack Wills plastic bags when they won't stop it, you know, I mean like you're just complete Flex where I've been Jack will Mommy took me to jack for me. It was always the outlet store baby gazelle. Yeah. We're getting a jack Wills pillow like a pillow. I don't surround take them to school. No, no. No, look them. I do have Jack notified. I bought a pillow to actually still have it. So it's quite good by flexing know but I just remember a lot of us girls. I remember this girl like she'd roll up her skirt like oh, yeah. I'm so cool. And it was like an all-girls. Yeah, though primary school and I just hear you rolling your skirt. It mean in the meanwhile, I was doing archery and all this kind of shit. Yeah. Yeah, I used to watch I wasn't that cool. He's skilled in here. I respect that that school because I did archery with my Jack quick. Remember everyone getting those cheat like Sheila says, yeah Geno jaquez She lays, I also remember those like Jane Norman Bags. That is old old. Yeah, like biting anyone remembers gentleman bags, please send us a message and tell us like that. If you actually have one you could sell the on Vintage. I feel like about those backs people actually do wear those bags as like fashion. Yeah by the Jade. D my brother's I don't know if I but I know the friends do it. Yeah. It's like a carrier bag No No Yeah. It's not raised me with my Tesco, but I got anywhere really I never had I wasn't really the kind of kid though that like kept up with things. Like if I said to her like my mom wouldn't like go out and get me the newest thing because what's the point is gonna go out of fashion in like two minutes. Yeah. It's like kids just move on so fast. It's like with Scoobies. I love I thought so many of those and then in the end, I think two months later. There's just a big bag on top of the Wardrobe full of use my mom's like what we can do these throw them away Karen interested and move on. I'm bored because remember I was too old for that lumens with the Scooby again. They tried to like may take it over and yeah bring it back but it just did it just didn't work. No, but I also remember when I was young I like being in the school like feel this was when I was in secondary school and it was when it was like 16 degrees a bit of sun. There's some comes out. It's like the summer term we'd get our legs out. So we'd like roll up her skirts a little bit. We'd poor baby oil. No, we would literally try and tan baby. Yeah with baby oil like on the line. You just think why would you do that? But I don't get it. Did you have like your Blazers on the grass? Yeah. Trying to catch the boys. No boys in school. I remember we used to sit on the side of the football pitch like on the benches. And what's the boys boys? Yeah, and then if it was sunny, yeah, like row he's got something. Hey. Anyway, I'm back to that. We've kind of your kind of gone on this big nostalgic drift. Yeah. I know everything but yeah, so I feel like though the pressure was just within school though. When we were younger, it was just the pressure was what everyone else in school had and what you needed to have not. Oh, everyone on Instagram has got this so I want it. Yeah, that's how it is. Now. I remember as well like at school people would like have iPhones like they just start getting iPhones when they were 13 or something. I remember saying to my mom for my birthday. I want an iPhone and she kept on saying like what's difference between an iPhone Samsung I literally couldn't give her an answer that everyone's got and I was like, yeah, but I want to iMessage and it's like Well, Phoebe, it's the same as texting. Really. Yeah, but I just I couldn't think of an answer to why I wanted as an Apple product. But yeah and in the end, I got a Samsung phone. Yes over the phone lychee. I think I was just jealous of my friends having Doodle Jump and like dude, I like oh and I also wanted a Blackberry at one point the BBM like that's I never had a black friend. No, I never I never get my life. But that's just material things. Yeah, I kind of like it was just like what clothes I had on or like what I had in my bag or the shit like that. It wasn't how I actually looked. Yeah, it wasn't like because nobody really none of the girls really did all the stuff that they do not like fake tan and all of that like nobody no one was interested. Yeah, I do remember though going to an under-18s club and that was that like, yeah, I went to London. I miss it. A primary school know just to clarify I went to a class. I know I was probably like 13. I've actually got pictures my God. I'll go and get it up for you. I love posting on Instagram. We are not going to follow the Instagram at get stress of those little babies my club picture. Oh my god. I've actually got a perfect. Yeah. I was orange. My hair was back home, but you know, you're trying to get volume to I need to see It's fake. I'll get it up. It's on actually I'm not gonna tell you where it is on Facebook Facebook. I've gone through my Facebook and delete it so many pictures because I don't want people to use them. I did that if you use go and I wish I had the pictures now just to last this stuff. Yeah. I wish I had them but yeah, I went to this and ratings club and I remember being like just seeing these people dancing and getting with people and being absolutely aghast and I think literature I was so in essence this well, you're like, oh my God, I don't think I fit in all right back to self-esteem. So anyway moving on from when we were younger. We actually asked a few questions on Instagram. Just for like topics to talk about like currently with things that you guys wanted to know about body image about like our personal ideas of it and how we still have a deal. Yeah, exactly. So the first question was should you follow people on social media that make you feel bad about yourself? Well, the instant response that comes to my head is no but I know what you mean. It's like I do this all the time. I have like moments. I have a cleanse. Yeah, and if I'm feeling particularly like shit about myself I've had enough and I'm done. I'll unfollow loads of people. It's the people who like are all like surgery and just like and I look and I'm like, how do I get to that? How do I get to that Resort? But then I have to remind myself it's for a lot of this isn't actually done through any effort or any gym routine or anything. It's literally under the knife. So I have to just know that Splurge and just unfollow all of them because it's not worth it click because the amount that we go on social media these days. Yeah, you'd actually clicking on it like what every night 10-15 minutes you're being realistic and you're literally being faced every single time with something that's making you feel sad about yourself and make you feel like you're not enough Joe. I feel like the reality TV stars are the worst though. They are actually talking about that. Did you see that thing on BBC iPlayer about that this guy set? Up this fake company for a load of influences to promote and it was like this something like this, you know, those shitty skinny T's boom bada and that yeah utter rubbish and it was like it had cyanide in it. That was one of the ingredients joke about well, yeah, obviously it wasn't real. Yeah, but they basically promoted this and they contacted all the management of like all of these love island. People are like Only Way is Essex and that Lauren what's her name? Good shit. I don't know where she's from but I don't like her. Anyways, that's it. That's one so she her management and they took a video of her and they showed the ingredients and everything and they were like, so it's got cyanide in it. She didn't bat an eyelid and she was like, oh, I never try the products. I promote anyway, and she just she was like and they got her on video saying it and the manager was like, haha. She's never tried half the things that she's been promoted. I just thought how bad is that because she's also one that's had all this surgery done. Yeah. I think she's had like a bum lift and all this stuff and then she goes on and put like all these things pretending that that's how she got her body and then she's they're admitting that she's never tried any of her as we do and it's that really pissed me off and and when that happened I thought I've got to go and unfollow all these people that are promoting the same shit because they don't care like they say about that honey. Sugar bear. Oh my God. Yeah, like what are the other ones like the is that high spoil or like? Yeah, teeth whitening and I suppose That one, you know when Kim Kardashian got done really hard. Yeah a tight suppressant. Yeah. I know like it's so so bad. I don't actually know how they post these things on Instagram and don't feel guilty. How many followers as Kim Kardashian got like a hundred and ten million and she's and most of them will be girls probably below the age of like 25. Yeah, RI information looking that and be like, you know, what? Yeah. Well like Kim Kardashian because I mean, that's okay. That's why I don't I Whenever I see an ad, I just don't believe it. Like I personally would not buy it because they've paid Iseman but I just hate that Pete more people like that. Now that yeah, like more people are Savvy and they think oh that's a load of bollocks like yeah, even when were online shopping like it's weird because I know that they're buying me like advertisers. Yeah, they're buying us. We're not exactly so that buying your attention. Yeah, and I just have like no I don't want to say so now I feel exactly same. But also you gotta remember like if people like these reality stars and look up to them that kind of way they'll think well, there's no way that they could be trying to like fuck me over here or on sell me anything that doesn't work. Whereas in reality. It's literally a business then not interested in you feeling better about your body then literally they don't care. They don't want you to be healthier for your mental health or whatever. They just want the money from the planets giving it to them thing is is that I don't really You follow any of these kind of people there. I think there's a few love island people have Islanders, but I don't follow any of the Kardashians mainly because I don't worry. I don't follow any of them that I can't especially Kylie. I think it's because she's my age. I'm really better that. She's really successful. She's one that it's quite bad because I love every time I see one of her pictures. I'm like God she's delicious. But yeah, I always have to remind myself like remember how much money is gone into that and acting like, Is bad but I think the whole you know, because she's like the whole slimthick kind of then I think that's even more harder to obtain than just being like skinny like thin. Oh, yeah because the whole slimthick like but that's the fashionable analyze even like fat though that no, but like like to find ways that your bone structure is weird like how you can't let you literally can't really have that same of a waist and that largely like it. Just if you look at Kim Kardashian's, oh, she looks so disproportioned. Like you can tell that's not real because known normal body would really configure 8 that way. It just doesn't look normal because though she says that she hasn't had any plastic surgery, but then saying that they've probably spent hours a day trip like training and got personal trainers. I always yeah exactly exactly. Did you see well on like, I don't know if you watch the Kardashians, but on there, they're always like training and they always eating a salad. In this not they kind of make it believable that they've you know, and they do train every day get that whatever and not to shit on them because yeah, you know, they they don't waste them feel happier to get the work done to achieve that look that's fine. But I think it's the issue was when you promote that it's Nat. It's come naturally then people aspire to it, but it's not obtainable. That's what's Annoying It's not that. Well, it's not there. Everyone's like, oh, how dare you look that good and make me feel shit. That's that's fine. But if You going to be honest about it? That's better just be like, well, I look like this it costs me money and surgery to look like it and that's how you'll achieve it if you want it, but you're not going to get naturally because I'm not natural either like I think yeah, people are more honest about it is better but more more influences do that. No, don't they see a show like edited picks? Oh, yeah with non edited ones and then like this is reality. Yeah, but still that's like once in a blue moon compared to all the other other post is ridiculous. But also I feel Like I'm gonna segue into love Island. Yeah. Oh, yeah, we got was that was that was another question. We had what do you think about love Island? So I think with the like my opinion it is I've watched it pretty much most seasons and I think it's because I'm in the habit of watching for most of the seasons. This is where I hate myself though because I don't it's obvious that I don't enjoy it but I do at the same time same and I know imagine so many people are like I hate it's bad. It's boring not going to watch it. And I have those thoughts as well. I just watch I do watch it and I think what annoys me is I know none of those people on there for love. None of them are to be fair. Yeah that all there just to get their pretty little thing Brandi at the end of it because a lot of them as well what I think I kind of forget that they are they are the kind of people that they are most of the models. Yeah. Most of them are already like influencers from Instagram or got thousands of followers anyone ever. Yeah exactly and Also, they've like always been keeping it to a certain aesthetic of what they look like for their social media and their job before and I've Island yes, then when they go on you almost kind of forget because like you said, if you watch every season you get used to seeing all the girls on they're all like a similar size similar look like seeing them look actually very similar and you kind of just forget that that's not particularly real like they are there models like yeah, they get they get paid for being beautiful. Well, not everybody does look like that though and you do forget because if you watch every season like you said you get used to it. You just don't think anything of it. Yeah, just think yeah all women look like that but they fucking don't and soon what I think is weird as well. Like even I find myself being like, uh, I don't know that person and you like you like someone and then they do one thing and I don't like them. Yeah. I mean you'd like think about it. It's actually brutal like you're judging these people. It's almost like they're performing monkeys. Oh absolutely don't you think and I just it's like a social experiment. But we're just beautiful people. You don't actually know that much about them because obviously don't know their conversations that they have with each other about what they do all of that. So actually a lot of what you know about them is actually what they just just what they look like and like the drama they have so you judge them then on what they look like as well and even also I think it's important to know that it's not just the girls who are sort of like perfectly sculpted. It's the boys all of them. I have like six packs and whatever and it was like with you jack last year. Everyone was like, oh it's so great. They've got a normal guy in there and it's like we shouldn't have to point out. Yeah and like when Alexandra yes on it. And even though she's lost loads of right now that's like insanely chiseled. Yeah. Everyone was saying even though she was a size 8 anyway, like oh my God, it's so good that they've got like a curvy girl and I think if you have to say that and say, oh we're inclusive you're not you're not Have to try you should just get a complete diverse range of people there anyway, and also, you know like this year. There's been a load of stuff about Shana because she's like one of the feel so bad saying this but she's one of the bigger girls in there. She's not big and there's nothing wrong with her at all, but she's like noticeably different to the other like Slimmer girls and people have been coming for her about her leg on Twitter and all this stuff and I just think she's going to have to come out and she probably already just because we all do from General Society had insecurities when she went in there and now she's gonna come out and all these people who and they're also often the people who scream body positivity and mental health awareness and all this stuff are going in on her on social media. You think she's not going to see that stuff if it's tagged in it love Island, whatever she's gonna see and that's gonna completely deteriorate her self-esteem and then she'll probably end up doing some sort of physical. This plan and because she'll fit in secure and she'll want to like lose all this way and too bad as well bringing back to the brand deals with all that kind of stuff. They'll wanna look good look good, you know, they're always telling like their Fitness pads. Like for example, Alexandria, she's doing okay in this at her last name. Yeah. She's selling Fitness pan now. Yeah, Holly Hagan just came out with a fitness plan. It's so much and this time of the year as well is like obviously because it's New Year, although it is February. It's not new year. It is for us. Yeah, let's just pretend like this time of the year. People are so like prey to it because of the whole new. Yeah. It's just like your whole timeline just full of utter crap about get on this plan and look like me and whatever and then love Islands, aren't you? Look at the screen you like? Well, actually maybe I should go on that diet plan because I think these girls look like yeah, I think the fact is well that they've done a win to love Island. Don't I just see it as like such a corporation like money. Yeah, it's almost that. It does really well in the summer. So let's do another winter. Yeah, and like I swear loads of these the ones from the previous summer. I don't watch that because I was away and they were like, oh, we don't think they should do it. Like I lose its charm but in all fairness that reduces the time that these like reality stars can have their moment of Fame. Yeah, because then they'll be a new set of reality TV stars. I think I saw this statistical something and I think there's about hundred reality TV stars are come out of love Island since it started and it's just it's just but these are the people that are on people's you know, timelines and news feed and stuff like that, which is just completely bombarding people. So I don't particularly want to follow them. Yeah because you don't want to kind of give them. Yeah. I don't I don't give up on the phone. I don't want to give them money. I'd only give them like, yeah for what their set like for what their portrayal? Well, if it's like, I don't want to get I wouldn't want them to make a profit off of being fake. Yeah as he is. So interesting by the way that everyone on the violin just fake. Yeah, that's not what we're saying. But just that a lot of the time it's the same message being pushed and you know, yeah, I think people are looking past that now kind of well, I hope I hope so I know but I definitely I am trying to yeah, yeah. Yeah as I'm getting older I'm just like we're supposed that then comes back to the following thing like if you feel Feel when you're looking at someone's content that it's suspicious or like not genuine or makes you feel shit. Don't follow them. Yeah, and also with the Lavina thing if you're watching the violent then it's giving you a body gone black. Yeah watch it is almost not worth. It really isn't and also I think for younger people as well because I guess we're older so we don't really think about because we never had love Island and all that crap to water. We were like going through puberty like you are all alone. In kind of yeah, like when you really have body issues like I don't know you just started your period you've got like puppy fat one of that. Like if I if when I was going through puberty there was stuff like this on the TV. I think it would have been such a yeah tough time. Thank you like that. I feel like young like girls now 13 year olds now look better than I ever did or I ever will honestly some 15 year olds. Look older than me. Yeah, and we're like 21 Jump wasn't like I don't they you have better makeup than I ever did like but there's more pressure on them exactly boys and girls boys can be forgotten. Yeah. Yeah. It's like going to the gym and steroid culture and all that shit. My brothers are my God. They're like going through puberty or their through it now and like Tom he's 15. I think I'm 16 and he's muscle actually matter is I'm just like whatever I go home watch it. Yeah. Oh my God. No, I'm not. Are you jokin? Like I can't do that, but he's just mad and but I know it's good for him. Like he's obviously looking after himself and he's really actively Post sports injuries that but yeah. I just I think it's such a pressure when you're young now compared to when we were I especially like I had a flip phone Samsung as we spoke about another for God and and like my brother's now have like iPhone and then and and I have a That is Success. Like I just I kind of feel sorry for the younger generation now to be fast. You see that all the time don't you like so glad I grew up in like your 90s kid and I grow up like before all this shit happened. Genuinely agree like yeah, me too. I don't think that the state that my mental health gets in. Sometimes now like about my body in like how upset I can sometimes get about it. I think if I'd have been on social media at like 50 in yeah, I really would Offers one device that if we would have got to my head. No so then it gets to me now. Yeah, exactly. I don't I honestly don't know how they do it, but I was actually talking to someone the other day because I was out shopping with Adam and we're literally just talking about how all these kids we were North Face and all these kids probably like 40 ml coming in their shopping and looking at all the stuff. I'm thinking how can you afford this? Yeah, and like just the trendiness. Yes of it. Like what's like, it's really it's hiking gear really but where it is like your Trend and it's how can you afford these Brands? So expensive must be Blake proper fueling their kids my for Christmas and my mum when we were doing the Christmas I was helping around and everything and the shopping. Yeah and all my brothers like pretty much got North Face jackets. Well, so we'll got a North Face jacket like Tom was getting like Tommy Hilfiger stuff all from JD because like that's fast, you know now but they will get in. It's because that's what they wanted. They didn't want anything else. They just want to clothes so like that like girls all went like designer bags and hmm. Yeah designer that. I've never had a desire device had Paul's Boutique. That's what I had but that's not really that's the trend. That was honestly I never had any happiest. It was like what was it was like zebra stripe and it was like silver so like but holographic and then it was why and it had a massive bad thing. I love PB and it was just like about the coats though. They looked like yeah, like horse riding coat. They did with loads of horrendously tacky. Kreitman Beyond tassels plastic like oh my God, it was great and we could put that on their Instagram as well. Now. Do you have a picture in all your TV shit? Milah Hollister like oh, how does it track? He's on Abercrombie & Fitch like okay, that's gonna be the front cover for this. Yeah, and we don't have any videos. They're very sick. I definitely think that we laugh about it now, but I feel like it's stick with the generation that's in now like girl, they'll always want if you have if you have design a crap crap God I'm sweating so much. If you have designer stuff at 15, like how are you ever going to be a prime up person after that? Oh, yeah. I'm a hundred percent Prime. But yeah, I love she says while sipping out of her primer water bottle. You have fun 200 people are gonna come for us for like sustainability. By the way. It is a sustainable bottle. It's a reusable ones before anyone says Primark is just the fast fashion. We're not here to talk about that today. Yeah. Yeah, I just think like all the fashionable stuff that you see it's the same you see it with Instagram. It's like if your friends posting like a Gucci bag gonna be like Mom for my birthday. Can I have a chi chi bad I just thing is that with expensive stuff. I know I'm going to break it. Well, I am gonna go after it. I'm gonna break it like I'm gonna throw it off like a bridge accidentally let stuff like that that I mean, you're just paying for a brand. Yeah. Most of it's made in the same place anyway, Way and they do like rip off and so many places. It's like what's the point? I bet I bet the kids these days are the kind of people that can tell a fake live real good iter. I wouldn't have a clue as many told me. This is a Gucci bag and it was fake. I wouldn't know the difference. Oh God, but like going back. So what do you think you're kind of stay of body confidence is like being frank like going a bit like darker, but I go through waves. Yeah being like fuck it. This is what I look like and just be happy with it. And I'm like, yeah own it for like a few days and then I'll go in like another wave of being really sad about it and like crying over it. Yeah and being like I'm going to it's like when a message the other day and I was like, oh God, this is like a bit me but when I said thieves like, do you know anything about the keto diet I have been Start I just feel like I guess definitely going ways where I'm like, I'm going to make a massive lifestyle change so I can look the best I've ever looked in my life and then a few days later, I would like that's not really working out. Yeah, I'm just gonna love me for me at the moment know that I definitely am not hundred percent like confident in how I look I suppose but I don't know to be but who is yeah like his confidence. How about you? Um, I think I think I've always Of struggle like with how I learn. I think I don't know like recently. It's like you said just I want a lifestyle change and I know I'm not like healthy, but at the same time I want to be happy. So it's just I don't know. What for me is. Well, it's my face as well as wise. Yeah. She's spoken about that. Yeah, like I've struggled as well with like really bad acne for years that I've been. Through so many medications everything like from the pill to antibiotics to like topical creams and like I'm sure those people have done and it's just a now. I'm on roaccutane which is like the really striving. It's the strong one like you like I signed a what is it a contract saying I can't get pregnant. I dare ya because literally it will disfigure a baby and stronger. It's like you Basically Point poison, that's the wrong word over expose yourself to vitamin A and it stops all over your production and your body so literally I'm so dry. My lips are cracking. My eyes are dry. I can't wear contact lenses. It's a nightmare and it's like it is painful to go through but the same time you've got a I've been through so many things and it's literally my Skin's been such a soft spot for me where the pain of your life. Yeah, and I feel like it's something that's yeah like with skin as well. It's like no people don't notice it people say to me that oh, I don't notice that your Skin's bad. Like people do say that about the same time, you know to set light. I notice that and it's just like the scars. So that's something that recently I've been trying to what I've been actively working on. Yeah, and once it's done hopefully like it would never come back and yeah, I'll be fine with that but I might as well with skin because your face is literally the focal point of your whole body. Yeah, so you sort of get like Self-conscious that people are looking at it all the time. Yeah, I mean, no not good. Yeah, and it's so hard to change so you can't change a stone like you can change your nose. I hope you have to do exactly like todos nós like surgery or anything will get rid of like acne. Yeah, it's comes from like within your body excuse. So you can't it's not like an easy fit. It's not like you could just wash the face and then it's fine like you know this as well like you can't and that's the thing. I hate people thinking that I'm dirty. No, no, you know I mean like yeah, like she doesn't look after skin. That's why it's like but like honestly the amount of stuff that I've done to my skin trying to fix it's just hormones. Yeah, it's hormones. And then I think I've got over what's the word my sieben sebaceous glands. What's the you know, like the oil glands. So basically they're quite active. They are very busy right herbaceous plants. I feel like skin used to be the thing because you know use See all of those like you to be makeup people covering a for their acne or the yeah. Yeah, like that's kind of like that was a big thing on YouTube and like super thick round. They sure like girl to cover up your acne, but I don't see that as much know anymore. No, I don't see it at all. And the thing is you can't really cover up its act like it's actually with texture. Yeah, if you can cover up a redness, but if it's a bump, it's you can still see it like maybe if your face on in front of camera. Yeah, I can't say yeah, but You really can so that's why it's such a like like a soft spot for kids. Yeah, it gets me also to fart. I've always been quite well not always it's in the last few years my lips. I've always that you've been like all they're really thin. Do you know what funny say that I blame Kylie Jenner literally just look in the mirror and think yeah. What if I just had a little bit in there never just a lit a little bit of milk, but I never in a million years would have thought anything about my lips. If people on Instagram didn't all of a sudden have massive lips. Yeah, exactly. I never would have even thought anything about Kylie Jenner's built an Empire on that her lip kits and stuff like that when bloody bullshit it wasn't it kit. She put like Fellas on that and then she's like off dissolve them a few years later, but no, she's still got Master there. So this is dead lying, but that's the thing. I mean about like literally gives you a complex you you start picking apart things about a body that you would never even really bothered about but because you've seen people pointing it out on Instagram. Yeah and like it being such a massive thing you all of a sudden, you know, like you're insecure about it. So annoying I've even I've heard people say that my ears are small and now I'm not oh my God - do you smell - the way too slow? Look, how do you get bigger ego? But they are quite small. They're just normal size. Your and about also why is somebody saying to you that your ears? I Know Chief. I've noticed that my son. I think it was my mum said that it wasn't in a malicious way. Like I don't think it's you so much quite small is you know, you had your oh my God, it's Google. What can I do about my style Leah like even larger than that. But yeah, I think I'm kind of with my whole body image and self-esteem. Whatever. I'm just trying to think do not Life's too short life. Life is so short and it's just going to be bloody torturous. If I keep on if we if everyone keeps on pulling themselves down if you think about how many like ours you've probably amounted to feeling shit about the way that you look and what you could have been doing with that time other than doing that and like literally times too short to be sitting there criticizing yourself because unfortunately other people are going to criticize you anyway like you don't need to do that for yourself like, House is probably going to be doing that. Yeah, and also as well like everyone's got mates who don't even think about the way you look like. Yeah, but you don't they are she needs a bit of lip fella or you don't think Phoebe's skin is looking really shit. Like you don't like your friends don't care. So yeah - like why should you lie? Exactly, you know and you know, she don't need to worry about it. I feel like I say so many things my friends a lot like, oh, I don't I'm not happy about this or Do you think that this is changed about me or don't think I'm bigger in this way and the like no, I don't like she don't see what you see and that's like kind of way like the body dysmorphia comes in. Listen. It's like when you look in the mirror and you see something completely different what everyone else sees? Yeah, and it just becomes this big thing where you like am I actually imagining it. Is this actually a problem. I asked collating it because of the way that I've been made to that condition to think about myself. It just it's genuinely I mean we can sit here and be like don't worry about it be confident, but we're not a hundred percent have with ourselves. No like no one is there's always going to be somebody that wants something else from someone else's body. Like I have Slimmer friends and I complain to them about wanting to be Slimmer and then they turn around and say well actually I wish I was like you and not this slim and it's like there's always something that you're not going to be happy about but I mean everybody wants to look the best they can but I mean you were literally Made to look like the way you are. There's no point trying to change it. Just imagine a system browser. Yeah, embrace it baby. Is that clear? Anyway, um, so we run this off I've got one so yeah, baby, hold on for enough now, but I was a we did quite well we first went by we did I just we can stop talking. Oh God believe we've been talking this long, you know, I have had a catch-up as well. Ya know you're being called you haven't seen each other in so long. Also, we just had a discussion. As well about we think that we might start recording these podcasts on a camera and put them on YouTube. We still haven't decided if you want to do that yet. But we think that the next episode that we film is going to be a would you rather? Yeah, would you rather that and then like most likely most likely you might get to know me included with the yeah. So if you do would like to see that and you think that's a good idea then please message us and let us know if you would watch that. Yeah. I don't know how I feel about putting. I mean, you can't see our faces so it's kind of Like you've got a bit of us, you've got a voice as but we don't know how we feel about putting ourselves. Like I should be like blood do yeah and what that will mean that we have to come to the recordings and actually look all right, but right now we're like in yeah shit close. This guy's big and we have don't really have any makeup on might have to rethink that one. But yeah, so this is our first episode back after two month break all to Christmas. We're going to try and edit this and put it out really quickly. Yeah, get the next. Give the fans what they want baby? Yeah, I missed it though. It's been fun. Actually, I really enjoyed it and we will see you on the next episode. God knows I know baby, but we'll try as he might.