Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different string turbo is in. You know, we've got someone that can really proper deliver set pieces Corners free kicks that we ain't really had that people that can put holes in the box, but no one's got a delivery like him. He gets around the kitchen. Like I said, he won't progress every single game he plays so I know what short vowel we got on our hands, right? Yeah, you've said before when when Jacob left to go back to auto shop that you wanted to add something different into that Midfield something. We haven't got we've of course now got Jack Jack in there with it. Now got em written there. We've now got no or in there as well. Do you think that you've added the missing piece? I wouldn't have had to the missing piece because I don't think Jacob was exceptional for us. I really do you know, right him very very high. But they all the others will complement to two of those could play with with Jacob. So I haven't bought any one in to sort of replace. Jacob could think of you know, I think this one off in what does so now we're putting other good players like nor and entebbe and that, you know top players. Well, but I believe that we haven't replaced Jacob with a Jacob but we've just replaced Jacob with someone else. Yeah, and how and the update on Kai? Nice Browning in still be out. Nick's out there at least two weeks away. And who else? Okay lens obviously out long-term. Yeah, that's why I'm not with Great Exchange because we're little bit like now. Yeah, you got Terry Clyde is ill at the moment with remakes tomorrow's game or not. I'm not too sure. So we are a little bit like I'm numbers which is strange. Yeah, we speak about someone that has has gone out the door of costly Noble. He's he's going to cry. Yeah. What were what were the thoughts behind that one? Lean eat his flesh. Lately, we've been training ever so hard and deserve to start in the team. I gave him that start. I think it's going to Eastbourne and if you could see was off the pace and I don't blame them for being off the pace. He hasn't played so you haven't played for three months. It was off the pacing. He needs games to need two minutes in his legs and we're obviously trying to achieve get right into the top seven staying there. We need a really Noble that's creating flying around. And when it's off the pace, there's no point in him. You know me selecting him when we know he's off the pace but we sat down and we spoke about it and we felt that it would be good for him to go and get five or six game somewhere. So he would get himself right up to speed to come back next month after you know strengthen our push towards the playoffs. Yeah, st. Albans tomorrow then what sort of what sort of tests are they going to post? It's really it's really weird because I was having this conversation a little bit earlier who's Craig and they they may be second from the bottom. But if you look at the Four Winds, they had most recently the Maidstone Slough bath. Haven't you know, you can see the capabilities in their squad. I think they haven't obviously turned up for the team that less, you know near the bottom, but when it comes to Growing the big teams, the players have come out and we're well aware that we're well aware of the tests that we've got in the front. Yeah night and change things like that at the bottom. They pose a different kind of test. Don't they that because they are fighting for their lives down there that it's a different kind of challenging endgame to ones that you might get with teams in and around us. Definitely and if you look at the bottom part from the Hunger for that the bottom you got the next five teams are willing to points of each other. So one evil wave out of them five the whole thing can turn around. So, you know, we're well aware that what we got to try and take care of ourselves. And I know I know who is definitely going to be a tough game. Yeah, we'll talk about ourselves then since the since the defeat to Hampton we've gone through unbeaten in the league and the cup. What are you hoping it? It's in to see from us after some strong results recently. Just to continue what we've been doing some really really. Well. Obviously, we've had the odd defeat now and again, We're always going to get that. We're not going to win every single football match. So just to keep performing at the levels, they're performing that and like I said with always give everybody a game that we're playing at their levels will always give everybody again. If we just drop them levels off then we'll get big. It's a simple as that rocket science is what it is. If we're up there performing all of us were capable beating anybody you fall off of it a little bit get turned over. So just keep the consistency going what they've been doing since I've been at the club early.