If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using my disability. Now this podcast is not supposed to make you feel bad for me. Just supposed to give you a new. Type of perspective of looking at things to be like me. Maybe I do need to work on the whole maybe the situation isn't as bad as I thought it was locking him in it from a different perspective. Now this episode is going to be more of a get to know me episode. And also I'm going to be telling you why I wanted to start this podcast. So starting. My name is Connor Miller. I have a disability that's called cell palsy it. Basically affects my muscles all over my body, but it affect my left arm and both of my legs the most. So basically, it's like my muscles can't walk as well as say uh normal person could. Yeah, also it affects my tongue. So that's why my voice is gonna win and I apologize if you have a hard time understanding me or trying to annunciate better. No starting out. I am currently 19 years old and I live in Georgia, but I was born in Texas lived there from the time. I was born till about 4:00. Then I moved to the suburbs of Kansas City and live near Kansas City. All the way up from when I was 4 till when I was 16 about to turn 17, and then I moved to Georgia. All right before my 17th what day and I've been here ever since now ever since high school ended for me about nine months ago and I graduated I I've literally been strongly as I'm going to college trying to figure out what I want to do as far as a clear for me and I've been talking to some of my friends and they were like Connor when you inspire so many people and you know, you could put me Do this and just talk to people around the ward and tell your story and being like kind of like a motivational speaker and I always I don't know. I don't know if I'm feel comfortable in that. So that's why I started the punt test. And if this goes well and I like doing this then maybe all start. It's raining on this. First off. I'm going to tell you guys about my first surgery when I was about 4 years old. Basically when I was four I couldn't walk I couldn't talk I couldn't do anything independently because my muscles kept sending bad signals through my body say I couldn't do stuff and that just wasn't true. So when I went into the darkness when I was about 4, they told my family and me about a new surgery called. Add also eyes on me and basically what that is is they cut women and caught all the signals that were bad and cut them. So now the only signals to my by now, my monsters will give him one good ones to ones. So basically after that surgery I started walking I started talking. And I started dressing myself. I started doing everything independently, and that's not saying that surgery just automatically fixed everything there was a week why couldn't even sit up because I want my back was still recovering from the surgery and it took months and months of hard physical therapy. No, you know as a five-year-old you never wanted to do and that's why I got so lucky with my mom. She always kept pushing me and pushing me and pushing me but in that sort of mom lovable way so that I could be the best version of myself. As a little kid I could be and that's why having a good support system in place is so vile and individuals success because no one can reach there. Peak of success alone, like even even Elan musk has a team behind them. LeBron. James has a team behind him. No, I'm not taking anything away from heat on most on the Bond James because they'll the two most successful people in their businesses. And our I'll probably never be as successful as I'm just pointing out. That you can't have a dream and still working your ass off for it to happen. But everyone needs people behind and helping them and speaking of helping people achieve what they want to I want to give a special thanks to my app that help make this point cast possible. No, no back to what I was saying. It's great to have a support system in place. It's great. I have a plan but what I don't want you guys thinking is that's all it takes cuz it's not it's not good to have a plan. It's good to have a support system. It's great. But that's not all it takes. There's going to be some hard times. There's going to be some times that you doubt yourself that you want to quit and I just want you to remember what gets me through the sad times when I'm down about my situations is a Bible verse my friend. Ethan Hankins shown me one time and then it's open. 8:18 and I hope I consider that all present sufferings are not worth comparing with the glory that will be revealed in us and Hope. What I take from that verse is it's basically saying don't let the down times or the hard times. Me what stop you from achieving that know cuz once you achieve that goal heads gonna be way better and way longer and way more than the bad downs one. I just want you guys to think whenever you sign or never what gets you down? I just want you to think about how good it's going to feel when you finally get that promotion. When you finally make the varsity team when you finally achieve that goal how gun it will feel. Sorry, if I seem a little scanner and it's my first time recording a podcast, so I'm a little nervous on get better as the episode goes. I promise. But going back to my bunny Ethan Hankins. I want to give him a special. Thanks because he really showed me that he's in the process of making his dreams come true and he's a minor league pitcher in the Cleveland Indians organization. So he when I met him he was was the first person I've met that life was in the process of making his dreams come true and I saw that work ethic and him and that drive in him that he shall be the best one day and I finally believe God willing he has the talent and the potential to be and that just shown me that whatever its why should he he gets for me. I just want him to know that I get inspired by him as well. This episode is going to be a little bit short and I'm going to end it with my main point for this episode is all I'm going to be telling you all my stories to try and help your from your stories and help. You lies. Achieve what you want by adding my life and my perspective on life about it.