Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how to handle things.And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about not only for contest prep and bodybuilders and physique athletes alike. But whenever you see the word diet, I think you should run only because it's a quick fix as we know when I was growing up as a kid, you know, I remember certain diets through the years the grapefruit diet the Cabbage diet. What have you just put whatever words and then diet they would work. Yeah, they would temporarily work and most likely its water weight and it gives you some structure for a short amount of time that and you would have whatever weight loss, you know, if you didn't care what you were losing then the diet worked for you but 99% of the time and I think most of the listeners know this when you do some funky type of diet like that, As soon as you come off of it, you're going to gain the weight back. That's not the idea. You know, my coaching is you know is pretty much a practical and healthy approach and I try to drive for a lifestyle. So even after you reach your goal you're going to continue and that's goes with my fitness clients. I'm not a fan of doing anything crazy and they say Hey Joe, what about this diet? What about that died and my gets all bullshit, you know, you have to ask yourself after you reach your goal or if you do you even see yourself doing this in a year. So there's no exit plane with those diets. So you see where I'm going take that a step further and your physique athlete and you were competing for the first time or you're making a comeback or you are a seasoned competitor. Do most of you have an Exit Plan. That's the big question mark. Do you have an idea what you're going to do after you reach your goal? Do you want to be one of those people that gained 20 30 pounds within a few weeks of looking your greatest on stage only to wipe it all away because you're strict diet didn't allow some flexibility. That is a recipe for disaster. Not only for your physique your hormones your health and your psyche, you know, the way that you feel about yourself is basically Trash because you gained all that weight. It's rampant. I'm guilty. You know, when I first started competing I've had those moments where you know, I was a kid when I was competing in my 20s and we didn't have the knowledge that we did now, but also the rebalance warrant as terrible because my hormones were quite faster and everything. My metabolism was faster. So it wasn't much of an issue and it didn't bother me if I did gain weight my last couple of preps worth different. Tori because I planned ahead now a lot of you were thinking well, how can I avoid this from happening? How can I have an Exit Plan? You know, what is it? Well to have an Exit Plan takes some planning. Duh, but it also takes some fortitude and knowing that after you compete you're not done. It's an evolution. You want to keep on going? Yes, you do want to gain weight back? Yes. You want to enjoy the food? That you may have eliminated or hadn't limited quantities and that's that's going to lead into my next point. But you don't want to have a blowout that's you know, that's just ruins everything. So, how can we avoid it? You know, that's what I'm going to go over now and it's not easy. It really isn't easy because it's just, you know, you've been dieting for so long. You've been restricting your calories all this exercise. It's a relief once you compete and then the floodgates open, but having a plan at least down on paper or your computer and more so E is going to benefit you in so many ways. So that is why when I coach a client, I don't do meal plans meal plans to me or very similar to following. What I intro'd with is the grapefruit diet the Cabbage diet cabbage soup diet or whatever you want to say because when you limit your food intake You become so used to it. So therefore you have that mental relief after you compete and then the door is opened the floodgates open and you feel like you want to have everything that you missed over the last three four five six months. You're not going to have control. It just becomes a disaster. So to lessen the blow if you have some flexibility to your diet. And you count macros, you know, you can include a glass of wine. You can include a slice of pizza. You can include just about anything that your heart desires. So therefore the Temptation is not going to be as great when you come off of your diet. There are those even that method may not be the best, but I promise you it will lessen the blow. So just to give a quick review. When it comes to an Exit Plan, you want to have an idea about your calorie intake macro and take you know, the week after you can enjoy your nice meal after the show relax the day after the show and even have intuitive eating, but the sooner you get back onto a plan and even if it's more calories, you're going to be in such a better place instead of ballooning up. You know again I've seen so many people who may lose 20 30 pounds during their prep or more and then in a month, they're back to their starting point and you know, if they had ABS they abs are gone if they had striations, they're gone. All their shape is gone. And it's it's just, you know, psychologically it's really hard to handle. I've been there. My last prep was the most flexible prep that I had. You know, I did what I coach I did not crave anything crazy. I just ate a little bit more. Basically what I was eating during the last few months of my prep sure I had my dinners there a little bit looser and I would have carbs with them because I was just a way of me cutting calories during my prep but I didn't go crazy. You know if we had pizza night on Fridays instead of one slice I had two or maybe three, but I also monitored it. I realized that okay if I go a little bit overboard today. You know, I'm going to be a little bit more conscious than next day. I'm about four months out from my last show and I'm 15 pounds up. That's within Striking Distance for me. I'm at a comfortable level. I didn't gain excess amount of way too fast. And I feel good and I feel good about myself. So you have a choice when you enter the goal of wanting to lose body fat being a competitor if he's physique competitor or just someone that wants to lose weight and have better General Health. You have a choice on the approach that you want to take. Do you want that quick fix and hoping that you can keep it off and not yo-yo or do you want to give yourself an opportunity? And that's the word that I stress opportunity to lessen the below that have flexibility to your diet. Therefore after you reach your goal, you know, you're going to continue to evolve and therefore you not going to blow up as much. So in addition to having a more flexible diet to allow a better Exit Plan. Is there another thing you can do? Well, yes, this is the second main point and I stress this again with my clients and with my fitness minded people who just want to To better themselves, give yourself more time to reach the goal allow better habits, and I did a whole podcast on habits how they're more beneficial to develop than just a focus on goals. So listen to that but if you give yourself only three months and you know, you see me choking on Facebook all the time how think magic doesn't happen in 12 weeks. A lot of things can happen in 12 weeks, but your stricter during those times you're being more hardcore. So therefore it's that much harder to come off of a more drastic approach in a shorter time frame. If you give yourself an additional month two, or even three months and gradually lose the weight lose the body fat your body and your mind gets used to the position and it's not as much stress. Your hormones because it's a gradual change that in addition helps immensely for having a positive Exit Plan the slow gradual approach of losing weight. You're getting used to your diet. So therefore you're not going to Crave again after you reach your goal. So it's the combination of two that can really help someone having a flexible diet having and and having a longer prep a longer timeframe for reaching that goal in a little bit earlier in the podcast I touched upon Frame of mind I think and as competitors we are driven, you know, I mean, especially physique competitors. We are driven. Some are most of us are type A I'm guilty of it. So you'll do anything you don't mind being hungry. You don't mind. But I've also you know, you don't mind, you know, working out hungry going to bed hungry, whatever it is, whatever it is. But I've also learned over the years that more Taipei you are the more Taipei you're going to be after your prep. So there's some training with the mind that needs to be going on. And that's where I talked about. You have to learn that it's a constant Evolution, you know, as I said earlier that it's a mental relief after you compete so the floodgates open, but you have to constantly remind yourself that you're not done. It's you know, you got to look at the possibility. Oh shit. What if I do gained all this weight? I know I'm going to feel like shit then I'm going to want to go on a strict diet again. Do another contest prep. That is the worst thing that is a major yo-yo. You here yo-yo dieting all the time. That's a terrible yo-yo diet because you're going to be affecting in a fucking up your hormones. So really to summarize because I'm going off on a tangent the few things that you want to consider before you go. A plan or if you're on a plan now to compete or to get to low-level body fat its first have some flexibility to your diet. That's one of the beneficials to counting your Macros allowing other Foods in that you may feel that, you know, can I eat this? Yes, you can, you know because meal plans that teach you a b d and c and those meal plans are going to be more detrimental when it comes to your exit plan. So having some flexibility to your diet. It it's going to be very helpful for the Exit Plan allowing yourself to diet longer than what you anticipated is the second reason second main factor that's going to help you and give you a better exit point after reaching your goal giving your body time to adjust so you don't have to do anything too extreme, but just to lower your calories a little bit here and there is going to be easier on your body for one. And more so mentally and then mentally coming off of your diet when you start adding them in because you're not going to want to blow it out again because you missed it as much and then three is training the mind telling yourself that your body is going to continue to evolve. This is just one step, you know, one step i1 my class. So, what's the next goal? I want to win my Pro card. What's the next goal? I want to become a pro and compete at a high level those it's a And evolution that you got to remind yourself because then if you blow it out and gain ton of weight, you set yourself back that much more. So those are the three main points that are going to help you develop an Exit Plan and I can't really give specifics because we are all different. We all have different fingerprints because I know some of you are waiting for me to say like how many calories should I have? How many calories you know, should I add in per week? Well, I mean if there's a gun to my head Again, everyone's different. I usually like to again. It's a guideline, you know, if someone reaches a certain body fat level and they are totally shredded. I do like bringing the calories in a little bit quicker instead of saying alright add 5 grams of this 5 grams of that each week because to me that's more torture. I would say, you know about that when you're about four weeks out. You have a certain cork intake versus obviously when you Pete I say jump, you know about to where you were a month out from your contest bring up to those calories that makes sense. So for example, if you're at 1,700 calories for weeks out and you're down to 1400 calories by the time you competed bring it right up to 1700 bring it up to that point and see how your body and you how your mind feels for a week or so, and if you're not really gaining Any weight while then add in a few more calories, I mean, it's all instinctual and that's where maybe having a coach could be beneficial. But those three things if you're doing this on your own that I mentioned flexible died and giving yourself time and mentally training yourself to evolve are the real benefits that are going to help you at the end. It's a important topic to me because I've had clients come to me or prospective clients who have had terrible. Or perhaps through meal plans and they rebound terribly they didn't have the guidance or they died in a short period of time and then they just blew up and all sorts of shit happened and as a coach you want to help everyone but sometimes you gotta like understand like, you know, it's going to take time to recover. It's going to take even more time to recover and you want to get the body up and going again. So that's going to wrap up this podcast basically talking about Exit Plan and some strategies that you can take into play. I'm hoping you guys found it helpful. I know my voice changed a few times and I was because I had to pause it because my dog was barking at Amazon and the mailman. So again, thank you guys for listening any questions concerns. Please email me at Franco at Verizon a.net interested in coaching or you have any questions About what I do team, Franco bodybuilding.com. I had posing classes. I've shows through the OCB all that good stuff, and thank you guys again. Take care.