You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking the other one. It's like drilling its beak into the head of the other flamingo. There's this red bloody substance coming out and that is dripping down the other flamingos face into the baby's mouth, right? It looks like that but actually that's not what's happening. Here's what Felicity said this wasn't a scene from a flamingo snuff film. It was actually a sweet moment where a flaw mom and dad were feeding their chick and that Bloody substance is actually Flamingo baby formula adult flamingos produce it in an organ in our body called the crop, which is a part of the digestive system like a pouch and that has some cells that are rich in proteins and fats and vitamin and pigment and they form this Liquid that we call Crop milk and adult flamingos regurgitate that crop milk to their baby flamingos. So no skulls were punctured that was just a flamingo drooling. It's crap milk down the head of another Flamingo into the baby's mouth and it's blood-colored for the same reason that Flamingo feathers are pink flamingos are what they eat are eating things like brine shrimp and algae and things that have these carotenoids that are the building blocks of this take coloration, which also is what makes their feathers pink and that's what makes this crop milk red. I think this is just another reason that flamingos are the most badass creature by the way their baby formula looks like blood. Yeah Felicity. Here's the thing that doesn't make sense to me about this picture. Why does the flamingo on top half to run the crop milk down? Other flamingos head into the baby flamingos math. Like that's like Mom pouring a bowl of cereal down dad's head. Yeah. It's pretty strange and I've been wondering about that myself because most of the time when I've seen this behavior in the field, it's just one adult that's feeding its chick. So I'm not really sure what's going on here. I'm assuming that they'll both of those in the photo are the parents of the chick so they're both Trying to feed its chick. But yeah, I've never seen that myself. I mean Dubose did both parents nurse. Yeah, so both parents, they both build a nest once the female lays an egg, they both incubate. So they take turns such a Gisborne both male and female will continue to feed the chicken until it's old enough that it can feed it. So this seems more equal than most couples. I know human couples. Yeah, there's quite an equal situation there with raising their their young just another reason to appreciate the flamingo. If you want to see this picture go to our Twitter or Instagram a TLT show. After the break a question about the mysterious drugs that let you sleep through your body being sliced to bits. A few weeks back. We asked you to vote for an upcoming show. You could vote through the Spotify app, or you could call us the results are in and like many elections. It was complicated the winner of the popular vote on the Spotify app was dreaming but the winner of the Electoral College vote the topic that got the most calls on the ELC helpline was anesthesia. So this editorial board decided to endorse Two candidates will be doing both shows today and the Sea shh. Hey, this is Paul from New Bern North Carolina. I had surgery a few years back and something kind of strange happened related to it. So I would love to hear an episode on anesthesia again at Paul and New Bern, North Carolina. Thanks. Hello. Hey Paul from New Bern North Carolina its Flora from every little thing Hamlet of gimlet province of Spotify. Hello. How are you Flora? So what is New Bern like New Bern is a town of about 30,000. It's a place where two rivers join together. And then that big ol river flows down into the Pamlico sound and into the Bogue Sound. There's also about one lawyer for every like two people on town because there's a lot of Courthouse. What do you do? I'm an Episcopal priest. Really? Yep. Should I not curse in front of you? I mean won't catch me doing that on a recording but I'm a fan of the F-bomb myself. So I'm not going to get likes moded or something. No. No, I don't. I don't I can put in a good word to keep you from getting smote it. So you said in your message you had surgery a few years back. Yeah, is everything okay? Everything's great. I had my appendix out tell me the story. So I hand-write my sermons most of the time and had been at my dining room table and had finished a sermon. It was late. I went to stand up and that lower right side near my hip was just like man that I don't feel right. The next morning was a Friday morning and I woke up and they still hurt and my wife said you've got to go to urgent care like you gotta go. So she's like you're having your appendix out. I guarantee you you're going to have your appendix out. I guess she was right. Yeah, when you went to the hospital where you nervous a little yeah. Yeah, I never had surgery before and never been under I was just a little nervous. I've never yeah, I never done that before. So what was the anesthesia experience like so I had an IV in and in the pre-op room the anesthesia nurse comes in and she like injected something into the IV and said this will Likely cause some Amnesia so that you won't remember anything and she said in fact you probably won't even remember meeting me. Whoa. Yeah. What's the last thing you remember before you were put under? I remember somebody saying he's going to take a little nap. Now. He not even you right not even like happy dreams or yeah, it was like he's gonna take a little nap now. And like boom I was out. Okay. So you said in your message that something weird happened do tell so I have the surgery I'm waking up from the surgery and it was in the middle of basketball conference tournament time. Right? And so I remember I asked about the basketball game and then I said I really want some chili cheese fries and the crazy part was I don't like chili. These fries like my fries crispy and you put chili and cheese on it and they immediately become soggy. And as not my thing, I mean, when was the last time you had had chili cheese fries when your appendix was in couldn't tell you it's almost like you'd had a brain transplant. Um, yeah, so I woke up and I said, I really want some chili cheese fries and there's this other nurse with me name. Named belynda who likes stopped what she was doing and turned and looked at me and said that's so weird. We were talking about chili cheese fries while we were operating on you. Do you have any memory of them talking about it? No, so mysterious. Yeah. It is very mysterious. What do you want to know? I want to know I want to know first of all how I woke up wanting chili cheese fries and I want to know generally how anesthesia works. I think we can help with that. That would be awesome here to solve. The case is Kate Leslie. Carpool. Hey Kate who has a little bit of experience with this subject of finesse the tires, probably 50,000 patients 50,000. That's a lot. That's this whole city. I live in and then some Yeah, Kate's a head honcho anesthesiologist. She does research and she practices at the Royal Melbourne Hospital in Australia where she puts people under Down Under that is why you picked her isn't it? Just to make that one just to make that one joke. So let's start with the basics. There are two kinds of anesthesia locals the kind you get at the dentist. It numbs pain General is the kind that puts you to sleep. Okay, and Kate says with general anesthesia dosage. Really matters. So if we give you a tiny bit of a general anesthetic drug, the first thing that happens is that you feel relaxed. So it's a Continuum between feeling free from anxiety right to being completely unconscious in large doses. You're basically in a coma. It's exactly like a coma So sometimes you will have heard of people being in an induced coma and the drugs that are used for that induced coma are exactly the same as the drugs we use for surgery. I'm not sure if I'm comforted by that Molly gets even creepier. Are you ready for this? I don't know but go for it. We're doctors. Don't know how anesthesia works. What I am, I don't even know what to say about that. They know the drugs work, but they're not really sure how that is the headline. Wow, so we know that anesthetic drugs disrupt the movement of electrical currents across nerve cells, but exactly how that causes unconsciousness is less clear general anesthesia, basically prevents your nerve cells from being able to communicate with each other. Okay, especially in the brain where you Process all of these sensory signals, so it's not that your body isn't having a sensory response necessarily. It's that the place where you would register that sensory response is shut down for business. Wow, and how is Kate put like 50,000 people under and she still doesn't know how it works. It's a pretty high level of Faith right? There. It is a high level of faith. It works nearly all of the time, you know when it's properly We administered and you know, there's lots of things in life that are unexplained as a as a priest. That's much like me having to explain the the the Trinity of the Father Son and Holy Spirit like yeah, we know it's there and we trust in it, but at the same time it's still you know, the great mystery one thing we're not going to let go unexplained is Paul from New Bern and the Mystery of the chili cheese fries. Yes. I am so ready. Okay. So first of all Kate was gripped by your tail. Oh, I have never heard of anyone waking up with the craving before isn't that interesting? So you're telling me that chili cheese fries are not like Supply at the nurse's station. There's no like 10 cc's of ccf's not at all. So Kate says, you're most likely to be aware of what's going on around you at the beginning or end of the surgery. Jury when the anesthesia is just kicking in or just wearing off it may be that someone was talking about chili cheese fries while you're waking up. Oh interesting. Okay, but there is another possibility that's like maybe more disturbing that cheese fry conversation could have seeped into your mind mid slice and dice what there's a small chance that hole was awake during the surgery he Could have been only just slightly under enough to appear to be unconscious but was still taking in some memories. So here is where the science gets as messy as your fingers after chow, and on chili cheese fries. Okay, because whether we can make any kind of memory when we're knocked out is a matter of hot scientific debate. Oh sweet. Here's what we know general anesthesia interferes with your ability to make memories when you're unconscious you definitely stop making the memories. We're all familiar with like you will remember this phone call. Oh for the rest of my life, but there is some evidence that in an unconscious State people can form a kind of Shadow memory. Mmm, and I invented that term and by Shadow memory, I mean that you can't really recall it. But if you're prompted in the right way something comes back. Um people have done lots of research about giving people suggestions while they're under anesthesia and there's some evidence that some people are able to take in that information and then use it after the surgery without actually remembering that they heard it during the operation. That's so that's weird. Let me tell you about a particular experiment. Okay, there was a small study where researchers played pairs of words to people. Under anesthesia. Bittersweet ocean water needle thread chili cheese, right then a few days after the surgery. The researchers went back to those people and showed them single words some new and some from that list that they'd heard before. Okay, and they asked these people to say the first word that came to mind and what they found is that even though these people had no memory of being played the words. Uh-huh people were significantly more likely to To come up with that matched pair to the words, they'd heard under anesthesia. It's like they didn't remember hearing the words, but somehow those pairs were stored in their brain. That's crazy. It also feels a lot like your chili cheese Inception. Yeah, it does you don't remember the potato prattle, but you woke up with cheddar on the header. Yeah. That is correct. I also came up with tato's on the brain. Oh, If you have a third I would love a trifecta here at Holy Trinity of a Holy Trinity. Yeah, I mean, I'm I'm good with the dad jokes when my kids are around, but I think my superpower is Zapped when they're not here. You need your Muses I do. Take home Paul. It seems like you made a memory that you can't remember. Yes, that is very weird and a specially weird because it's a food product. I never craved otherwise, yeah, I mean and it makes me think of doctors and nurses can implant a chili cheese fry craving. What else could they put in our minds? Oh, definitely. I was thinking like thyroid nurse or a doctor. There'd be just great temptation to mess with people. Like recounting the plot of Saw quoting Hannibal Lecter my Lord, that would be so terrible. Did you ever get those chili cheese fries? No, I don't think I ever got the chili cheese fries because I don't like chili cheese fries. That is not my thing. Do you think your chili cheese fry mystery will make it into a sermon? Oh think I'm I know it will make its way into a sermon Trinity Sunday is June 7th of this year, and I'm actually going to put myself down to be able to talk about all of this and I can break the bad news. To them that their anesthesiologist didn't really know how it worked but it worked and it was a great mystery and speaking of mysteries. How about that Father Son and Holy Ghost thing? Yeah. Paul this was so fun. This was very fun. Thank you. Thank you. If you have a question, you can't find an answer to give us a call eight. Three three ring elt a33 ring elt. And for our upcoming show on dreaming we're looking for your burning questions. What do you want to know about the science of Dreams? Give us a call a three-ring elt? Every little thing is produced by Emily Foreman Phoebe Flanagan and that Heist and Flora Lichtman with help from Nicole / Suka Doug Barron Kim. Jarek and Jared brumbaugh. Our Consulting editors are Caitlyn Kenny and Jorge just mixed by dhara Hirsch scored by Dara Hirsch Ali Shah and Bobby Lord. When I wake up from a chili cheese fry coma I find myself craving surgery. Goodbye. All right. Here's the last one and this one is just from me. So I have had three anesthesiologist in my life and all three all three were older men wearing gold chains. Kate explain it to me why I have no idea that's really weird. Isn't it? We're not allowed to wear things around our neck in the operating room in Australia. So with a heavy gold chains or light gold chains. I mean they were heavy enough that I noticed all of them. Whoa. And how did that make you feel? Not sleepy. Well, I'm glad to say that that didn't you that you survived and it wasn't a terminal gold chain event. One quick thing before we end the show. If you are looking for a way to help us that does not take very much time. One thing you could do is go to reply all dot club and take a quick survey. We do these surveys so we can tell advertisers that they should advertise here. So if you want to doesn't take very much time, the website is reply all Da Club. Thanks.