What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up.And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah. How do you feel? She's growing. Are you prepared for what's coming? No, no, no no at all but we'll get there dude, shake me. I don't know if you guys heard that but is on drink number two sheep or herself half a cup of fucking Tito's vodka and then like less than half of a cup of fucking squirts. Please take a sip of that. I want to know what it tastes. Like. Let me see. Let me see tears. Is it good? It's really good. Actually try it. Don't front. Is it good? It's good. Try it. It's really good. I should be your guys's bartender a holla at me. Honestly is good. I don't like it because I feel like I tasted so no more than I do. So bodka, I am I think so. Why don't you add salt or with a hint that he looks left of it? Touch we need to get more anyways, how was your guys's week again your weekend my bed. My weekend was good relaxing a little bit of time on the water. You know, ooh, okay. Okay. I was fun. How was the week because I mean the last time we seen each other was a week ago. So also about a week ago, we could go. Let's see my week it was different. It was definitely the start of something new. I'm over here. Quoting High School Musical. Yeah, it was different little little have to adjust a little bit but it was good. My weekend was great. I took my son to Urban Air. We were there for like a good Jillian hours. I swear to God I'm fucking so right now and I have mad bruises on my body, but that's what I get for trying to be super mom and trying to keep up with that little kid. He's like a fucking they have so much energy as an Energizer. Man, and you know what's crazy that you know who were smaller we would running around through that show. They can nothing. Yeah, they have to take four. Hops. No bitch every Tire here. We move every time I move like I hear my kneecap. How was your week dekhi. It was really good work. And just relax that's good. There is again, so now moving on forward. This is now episode episode 2. What did you guys think about our first episode after releasing it and hearing it on your way home, you know and between lunch hours. What did you think about it? I'm glad we finally put it out. It was deathly a delay. However, I'm really glad we did and I'm really happy and content with the feedback we received. I think yes, we had a lot of positive feedback. Yes. I actually thought we have a lot more support than than I even thought that you know what I have got for sure. Thank you so much for everyone that listen. Thank you guys so so much hosted day one. Share the love is real The Love is Real. What did you like most about it? I really like our truth and seek game to be honest. You know what I'm learning a lot about you guys like girl. You're how you lost your virginity. We were young. It was during during a Time Of Our Lives where you know you started. Acting like a buddy. I mean acted are hoppin ha ha ha, I mean no I was hopin for sure. But anyways, yeah, I mean that was a good good good time of my life. But I mean we're older now, we got responsibilities wiser. We're older and wiser. Yes, I'd like to think but no that was I think that was my favorite part of the Pod and that's still my favorite. My favorite part. What about you guys? Do you guys have a favorite segments that we're doing? You know, what? Um, I liked all of it. I liked all of it, um that my personal opinion there was good in there was bad. I feel like there was a lot of things that we could have improved but we will you know as as the week's go by as the week's go by we I mean, this is our first time time, you know, what a what people also like was the local shout out like, you know supporting the locals and stuff like that saluti. It's within the community. This is where we're from. You got to support your locals man for sure for what did you like most about you Jackie? I love the most iconic we get together more because of this and life is in the middle of all of us. So just any time I get to hang out with us and we got to catch up. I like the drinking to damage. Yeah saying I mean no, but yeah, we sip it. What what is something that you think we could do better? Um for the pot? Yeah. Oh great Christ. Oh great question. We definitely need guess. So I think that that's going to be one of our you know, what some people even asked I have some friends actually. Yeah, it is and stuff that they were like, hey like I would love to be on the show or somebody even asked to to be a part of the truth or sip. Oh really? Yeah. Oh, okay. You don't have enough we should do that would be different. Like random Call Saul random calls to somebody and just like asked for their opinion on some. Yes. Absolutely. I mean or get like a male point point of view or you can play Truth or sip. Yeah call them and see if they have something to drink and now we have to face time. We have to make sure they ask yanking. But yeah moving on but yeah, that was that I really hope The best out of this obviously as the week's go by we will get better. And once again, thank you guys so much for the support for the love that you guys are giving us. We appreciate you guys so much every single one of you next got a masala on us. Well, anyways, moving on to topic some juicy stuff. We're going to talk a little bit more about how we actually met out of worst impression and our first impressions. So kick it off Jackie. Kick it off. No. Oh you want me to go who is l ha ha ha Liz? Okay how we met like, I'm gonna start off with I'm gonna start off with Jackie. We actually mean Jackie met at work. We were working overnight the first impression. She was petty the way she talked. She seem Petty she had definitely a smart mouth her remarks at the remark. She would say we're just be I'm like damn this goes wild ha ha ha She was very standoffish At first. She was very very sad office at first but once you actually started talking to her a little bit more she kind of opened up because she actually opened up and then she was just cool from there. We actually got along we started hanging out one time. We actually met we were I was we were out and I bumped into you and I thought I was Super cool. I think that's when we click that. Oh. Hello. Yay. Okay, that's my girl. But that was Jackie and they Nancy Nancy. I met her through work as well. Couple back in 2015. Yeah. Yeah back in 2015. She tapped. She taught like like a badass. So whenever you hear her you would be like man. He's I'm a like this girl on my dislike her either. We're gonna bump heads or were not I talked a lot of shit. Yeah, but once like I started talking to you you seem dope as fuck does the way you carry yourself and then yeah, I mean, but at first I was like, oh like either I'm gonna bump heads with her or I'm not like either I'm gonna like her or not. But now after we started talking he seemed like a dough That's person. We hit it off. We had him in there. Was that one day that we went out for the first time we bumped it. Yeah, we went out and then invited me there. Yes. I did. I invited you out and you actually ended up showing up. I was like, yeah, why not sure and that was fun. That was actually really fun. I think that that's where we actually kick that off as well. It was a really fun time a really good night. Actually a very good night. That was our first night of many of many, right. Cheers Cheers but necks, go ahead and let's see. Well me let's see. I'm gonna start off with Jackie. Oh, thank you. Jackie I'm a literally a year ago. I think I was just like February right last year. I'm officially met her a year ago at one of Liz's get-togethers and I knew about her before because I would see Liz post her and what not and I honestly did not think that her and I were going to get along because as as Liz said she is very Standoffish I thought that I was in a bump heads with his bitch. I was not going to fucking Stander and like every time well the first time that I met her in person, I didn't really get more than probably four words out of her and she was just sitting there looking like if she was like what the fuck am I doing here with all these bitches type of shit. So yeah, that was that and then we actually got to hang out. Out and it turns out that she is not that bad at all at all. She's she's a fucking pain in my eyes and I truly truly fucking mean that with every fucking word. He is a fucking pain in my head, but I fucking love her and I would kill for her to be honest. I started got a wood don't fuck with my friend. I really mean that and that's for both of them or anybody that's Close and dear to my heart hard. I will fuck you up if you fuck with them. Cheers. Yeah. Okay next. So that's Jackie for you. And I also fun fact is that I knew of her existence way before I fucking met her it turned out that we went to the same middle school middle school and we have quite a few mutual friends sure and let's see. We also went to the same high school. She went there her first year her freshman year and then I transferred all and then she transferred out but this world is very very very small, but I'm glad that because Liz you came into my life and now we have this giant to live. This great bond is great friendship that I honestly have like a very good feeling about you're going to be Life forever whether you like it or not. So that's that. That's Jackie now Liz. Was I she is the fucking extra female for those people that know her she's extra as fuck. Hell. Yeah, she found that that he anyways. Um, yeah, she's extra as fuck. I met her at Wells. What was I going to say? I'm better at work at work. I met her at work. Well, and I met her at work, um in 2015, I could tell you what she was wearing too, but we're not going to get into that. Right we won't get into that. But yeah, she was very it seemed like she was vibing with everybody she got along with everybody, but I hadn't talked to her yet. I was just kind of like See what she was about if she if I wanted to approach her and I or if she was a kind of female that I wanted to like, you know be friends with and whatnot. So I asked around about her and there'd be like yeah, I like she's fucking cool. She's fucking dope and this isn't that something like alright. Alright until they approached her ass and you know, we hit it off from there. Yeah, honestly, I am glad that I got to meet you. I'm glad that we are friends now and also another Fun fact, this is my son's Nina. Hey got a mother for people that don't know. Yeah, whatever godmother godmother Madrina. Yes future mother Dana. What are what are the words? No, nina Madrina godmother. Yeah. I was gonna say the Tooth Fairy we hit it off. She forget loves. Is she dead in my kid and that's a very important to me. That means so much to me and let them know that he loves me. He does. He loves her a lot. He's not he's like Mommy. Can we go to Liz's house mom. Can we do this? Can we do that? I'd be like, yeah, baby. You're no she's working. He'd be like she facetimes me rapidly face tiny does the cutest thing ever and then he hits you with the mom. Don't you be lying mom? record your next episode that but yeah, that is that is my first impression. Yeah, I can't go ahead Jackie. You looking cold? Oh, I am. Well, well well Shall we start with Nancy? Oh bitch. Well contrary to what you guys were saying about me this week. Well when I met Nancy Before I wouldn't be if you wouldn't touch that I wouldn't talk. Well when I met Nancy I was like hmm. I observe people a lot I feel and if you didn't talk to me, I'm not going to talk to you. That's just how I was before so. For that reason, I didn't think he died at first until we got together because of this is always taking us out. You know, it was actually a family party not a super nose wasn't sarcastic. Yeah, don't you be lying now we hung out and we just clicked I think once we got to know each other and started talking we're both moms so we could both relate and from there. I mean we never stopped. Hey, here we are here they Surprising ever. I don't know about stronger than ever because you're walking on thin ice. Ha ha ha this weekend. Yeah, you are. It's strong with the super Flex on it. He said when we win that I think when we got together, we're like, oh my God, we know this person and this person and then it all went back to middle school. So that's it's a small small world as I stated earlier. And then with this home, hey, we met at night at work. We did MIT out ring. I was like, who is this bitch walking around with glasses at night was I yes you are. I can picture that. Yeah, I think I was like nothing and it was over here walking. I had a but no I had a purple eye. That's why yeah, she had the pink eye cousin. Yeah. How did you get? I don't know but we're not gonna get it. Yeah, we went out we bumped into each other. I think we made plans to go after that shortly after and ever since then we hit it off. definitely this helped us more than anything because we were just fine and we had another mutual friend and we were just cool. Yeah, we've I've for sure you're right cheers to to bunch of guys Here's to Us. It's been a few years for sure. So now I um, how do you have that? We got the first impressions out of the way. Mhm. Now that we got our first impressions out of the way now, where are we now? Like how do we feel about each other? I like think I'm going to go first. I'm going to take this. First yeah, I mean I start I'm going to start off with Nancy since I started off with Jackie. I love you Nancy. I truly truly appreciate your friendship. You're nothing but a ride. Hello. You asthma fucking friend. Same to you Jackie. I feel the same way about you. I've told you girl we gonna be friends forever. Or stay my friend. Fuck that's a hard question. How I feel how I feel about you guys. Now. Is that the question? Yes. All right. So how I feel about you guys now Liz this has definitely become a friendship that I didn't think it was going to go this route. I honestly didn't think we were going to be as close as we are now, but you know, it was God. Plan for is to be as close as we are. Now. I feel like I definitely tell you anything anything and everything. You definitely don't judge me like Jack do you like? Mr. Jean Jackie over there case I could tell you anything. Not only that but the Great Bond that you have between my son and you know, hey, this is just the beginning of it. I'm sure it's going to expand to something much more probably to the point where he's at. Be like man. Fuck my mom. I'm gonna call my needle is she I'm not looking forward to that but I can already fucking sense it and you know how every time we get together. He's around you, you know how he gets on cheapy? Yeah. Am I fucking hate that shit, but that's because he knows that he has you like. Oh I got spoiled him. I yeah, that's your fall. You're going to have to be the one to deal with that. But but yeah, I definitely I love and appreciate you. I love your family and I can't wait to see where this friendship goes. I could definitely tell you that this is a forever ever ever thing. You bitches are not going to get rid of it because I'm crazy. That's fine. Everything. That's a Scorpio. Talk to you for that. But yeah, what about Jackie? Judging Jackie. You're misjudging Jackie. I love this bitch. I honestly didn't fucking think I was gonna like her like I do now, but I love you. I love hanging around with you when you're not around. I'll be like fuck. Thank God. She's not around but your presence is missed for sure. I want that. What about you Jackie? How do you like now that we're all friends? So let me go ahead and start with you Nancy. I think our Vibe now we definitely click I know that for sure I can call you whenever I need to go ahead and go out and have a drink. I appreciate you don't hesitate to tell me how you feel. Like it should be or how it is. I guess we do appreciate it. Even though it sometimes seems like I'm a not so thank you so much for that. With you this. Oh Penny yo ass yes like It makes me so mad when you don't answer me like 20 minutes later like oh you called because I'm pissed that I definitely do appreciate you your family. You guys are all close with my kids. Oh, yeah. I love your kids even though I don't love you that much. I know for sure is there's been times. I've been going through a funk or any finger or whatever the case may be. You don't hesitate to like drop some things or people's just so we can hang out and just catch up and let it all out. Your face damn, but I know do you see her. Actually you guys are in a fucking relationship. So tired. Yeah, we're here now cheers to that cheers girls to many more years and years okey-dokey. So what that piece back? Ed you know what um, since we released our first episode this has been a very high requested a question or however the fuck you want to call it. What is our relationship status? I want to know who wants to know. Hey girl, he cute start off with you Liz. Oh, wow. You guys are always putting campus. What do you mean like a relationship? Are you are you single? Are you divorced? Are you Widow? Are you the side chick? What is your relation? That is I hope I'm not alone that I hope not no side, too, but I'm single. I'm definitely definitely single right use a Lionel or are you single single are you dating? Anyone in particular? Hey, I'm single. I'm definitely definitely single but my heart is taken. My heart is taken by me, but I'm by you for sure for sure, but I'm seeing going on people that don't know me. I actually was I'm divorced. But I my single right now like newly divorced for did your brother divorce party? No, I did not I made you guys know it is March Madness. We can go all out up these throw me a divorce party kind of Mega ships. Hey, can you give me like a baddie though? Not like if you guys are gonna give me a stripper gave me a baddie over like a female a female. Okay a fee much with that I female down but um, so you're single hold on before we get to the marriage thing because I want to ask you something. Would you be down to be set up on a blind date? Instead we would have every year we know what you like Mmm Yeah, it's good. As long as do we I feel like I do what's your time? I'm not getting I'm not gonna get into it on the pot. But um, do you have an ethnicity preference? Oh, I'm not going to get into that people that know me know my preference, but You're single but I'm single I am single. Are you single and ready to mingle? Like I said, my heart is taken, but you are open but I am open to it. I'm I guess I can I would be logged in laughing facts. Cheers to that your blessings. What about you dancing? Well, um, I guess you could say I'm single ready to mingle. Hmm. No, no not ready to mingle. I'm single though, but not ready to mingle. I'm not there yet. I am in a relationship with myself. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes cheers to that. I like that in a relationship with myself and It's going great. Very very good. But yeah, I'm single for sure. How about you Jackie? How about me I am. Single like single single ready to mingle. So if you're trying to set me up on a blind date, would you be down for a blind date? Because I know your type. I'm definitely more open-minded. So yeah, why not? Hmm. I like it. Okay. Hey, hey, yay. All right. All right. All right. So if I were to set you both up on a blind date you guys would totally be willing to do it. Did you guys show up? Yeah, I would I think I would too. Because I think you guys have accumulated a few fans. Oh, so I would definitely keep them in mind Hey fan. Hey my ID is well, you know now that we're talking about statuses and stuff like that. I really want to know what your guys is thought is what your guys was thought. Is when it comes down to marriage what you guys think about it your opinion your outlook on it. Is it something that you see yourself in the future yourself in the future is so we're getting into the juicy part now. Okay, so that's going to be one of our main topic. So I'm going to yeah her for sure you've been married before I have. Yes, would you be open to get married again? Um at first what I mean? Of years ago, I think if you would have asked me this I would probably have said no, but I'm up like guess I eventually want to get married again. I think I would first want to live with the person first. Yeah, definitely to to see how it is because me personally, I got married you guys know like I'm fully fully Mexican. So it's always a transition to leave your house married. Yeah, so when I got married that's When I went to go live with my ex-husband and that's when you start noticing that's when shit went bad. Yes. That's when you start noticing like how they are when your color exactly you find out a lot of things about their habits what they do, but they don't do like you're with this person like so for that reason, he will move it with that before you get married. I think so, I think I would want to live with that person first and seeing how our Vibe is living together. And then from there may be going into I recommend a jump like just And somebody on the next week moving and with them and then they dumbly like this was not because that's how I found was just like whoa, like you showed me a completely different different site about you and now we're living together and it's just like hell you felt stuck. Yeah, and I'm just like, oh no, but I'm definitely I think moving in with the person first. I would I would be up for it. Now. You did say that. You would want to get married I feel. That you would want to get married. But do you see that happening in your future because I think those are two totally different things. Yeah, I think that eventually I mean right now I'm single so but I mean, that's one of my I think every girl dreams about getting married. So doing all these like church wedding super Dream wedding. I think I still have that. I don't think I for sure have that in my past. now let me ask you do you want any kids? And if so how many you guys are going to be answer the same question? I do want kids. I actually I think it's a big big subject for me a huge sensitive subject for me. I do I mean I'm actually about to be almost 30 and I don't have any kids and I see that you guys. To our I mean most of my friends have kids and I'm the only one that doesn't so I kind of felt left out at times that I actually don't have someone to take. I mean, I have two amazing little sisters that they're like my babies but it's definitely not the same. I feel that I can't connect like, oh my God, I feel that I can connect with a lot of my friends. About with not having kids, but eventually I want to have kids. I at least want to have the one cuando cuando deals kid again. Like am I think it's God's plan that for sure that I haven't had any kids, but eventually that's one of the things I would love to have I love kids. So whatever you definitely see you with a few little kids probably like two or three for sure. But hey, if you want like a kid, like now my son's available. That's funny. Keep him. Keep them back him away from me for a few days now. I'm just kidding. How do you feel about marriage? Look marriage? Damn? Once upon a time in my life. I definitely saw that in my future for sure, but I think with a lot of and it's something that I really wanted to honestly I'm like, you know, I'm going to marry the love of my life. I'm going to have a kid and you know, we're going to go from there, but I'd be afraid to write but now like You know life happens shit happens. I honestly don't see that for myself anymore. And it's not something that I expect. Do you feel like it's something because of what you went through or they are I'm open to it though. If someone were to come in and sweep you off your feet. Are you down for it? Like honestly, it's not going to be that easy. Like that person has to prove a fuckload of things honestly, and I feel sorry for that next person nobody but I mean I like yeah, you can't just be thought I'm our Gala because not only that but I've always I don't think I have trust issues exactly, but that's something that you have to pay with someone can come and try to fix you. You have to fix yourself in order for you. To be happy if you're not fixed someone can come and prove you that you're the trust is someone broke it you shouldn't have to you shouldn't hold the other person but I can't of it's honorable people. Exactly exactly. I me personally when I got divorced I went through like I had the biggest but I think I still kind of still do but that's something that I'm still working with like still working on so trying to fix myself because I think that all the whole marriage part and divorced part, even though it was years what seven eight years ago. It fucked me up. It fucked me truly fucked me up, but I can't based on what he did. I can't base it on to the other one because the now the other person is it what is it? Yeah, it's not that person's fault. So even though you say you have trust issues. You need to figure that out yourself. Yes, and then you just if you have trust issues fix that first and then going and then started dating, but if you haven't fixed all of that then then I don't think that you should even start dating or think about dating. I'm definitely not thinking about dating not right now. Not any time. I'm Soo but even then it's gonna happen when you least expect it for sure. I've even though now you don't think all this but what if the right one comes along and you're like damn What if I let the right one get away don't block your blessings God's plan people come into your life for a reason absolutely for a reason. It's just really hard because like, you know, especially having a son I completely understand exactly ID or brushing 20 thing. Make sure you're secure in your own relationship before you even bring your own world into that. Those are two different worlds you're bringing together. So I definitely understand where your guards up and everything like that, but just trust death trust yourself Dad we will goddamn fucking speechless but I mean, I guess if it happens it happens, but I'm not going to be hopeful of it I guess because you're hopeless romantic no like for real like like you said we're almost going to be 30. I'm like fucking almost there girl to be honest with you. Just like it's sad when you think of it sometimes because you're like damn at this age. I picture myself. You're telling me I got married. I got divorced. I may even though you guys may think I'm wild. I feel that I'm I'm a family person. You guys know how close I am with my family. Yeah with my sister's I didn't want it to end I didn't want I migh might think was I have to make it work like what are people going to say? But like I got married about what other people yeah, but I mean I was young I was 21, you know during that time exactly but then during that time like I really wanted my my shit to work but it did it like it just didn't and now like I'm person and I'm just like at times I would be like man like by 30mm. I have kids. I'm at the but it's Like them and only God knows the reason why it's not like that and I can't question that I don't know. That's exactly how I feel like I have a kid with this person and wanted to work, you know for the long run, but it didn't work that way so that kind of like Pop my freaking bubble my birth. I can't talk like it just it just kind of like fucked up your whole situation first. My my my bubble of my hopes and dreams. He fucking pop that shit and there goes I will get it back baby girl. Lucy will see but I mean, I'm not ready for that. But what about you though? Um, I feel I'm open to it. I mean if I'm in a relationship, I mean that's the end goal but I'm not rushing anything for sure, especially with having my kids. You guys know, I'm very crazy about that who I bring around them. So it's definitely not going to be any time soon. But so now that you guys are talking about kids. How often is okay to bring your kids around your significant other you mean how soon or how soon yeah, yeah. Long fucking time. I don't have kids but me personally even dream of colliding. Yeah, even though I don't have kids me even bringing that person around my family that's huge for me. So I don't bring anyone around unless I cure something to be in it. Yeah, it's true. I mean if I'm not secure with the person if I don't think this is gonna last like there's no point. No not if you're just a fling if you're just whatever it may be. Then I'm like why why even bother watch? So if it's a fling you wouldn't there's no reason for that. No, it's like a nobody you're not relevant exactly. But I don't know. Honestly, I I can't even think about that. It'd have to be I guess it just has to depend on how the relationship is going my interest in that person if they're really like Been interested in meeting my kids. So what's your opinion? Like? What do you think? It's okay for someone to bring the kid around like four years? No. No, my son can't keep your worlds apart that much. Yeah me personally they can know that there's I don't think so. It sounds like a no for me years like no, it's too much. You never know. I felt like when it's right or just happen. There's no rush. Again, if further also if you guys have I mean I don't know my favorite everything and I'm very exacting active like a mama lion. I know I before years ago, that's too much but this is my kid. That's a weird a spy. I think you know when the time is right and like you guys said it's all happens from Temple. Do you want more kids? I are you open to having more kids I would be open to have one more kid because I got pregnant so young. I had a lien when I turned 18. I had all my kids by 21 22. So now I have my own don't know you how many kids do you have? I have three. Okay. Can you give them orange? Sure, they're six eight and my baby's going to my oldest is going to be 11 soon and a happy birthday and I'd laugh. But yeah, it's just I'm I have my own things. I don't and it's kind of sucks to like the thought of having to start all over. No, that's the whole thing. That's the only reason why I'm like herb skirt skirt. They eat your kids are all overall bigger aldens like whenever I have kids like they're gonna have their but Emos are going to Billy sitters. Yeah. Hey, I'm gonna have to hustle the league. That's why they think that's the only reason why I would be open. Because it would be a whole different thing. But then again I'm like do I really want to start over? Yeah, so that's why I would pause and just step all the way back. I would love to have another kid on his just one more a girl boy girl. Yeah a girl but I mean but in an that worry, yeah for sure like what grows it's completely different pose to voice like my son is like hi my babies. But anywho, yeah, I would like a girl but whatever God decides to give me on our sure if it even happens. If not, I'm okay with my son same I always want to have one. Yeah. I just want to have something of me in this world. You know, you popped out. I don't want you guys to have triplets or twins because I've never met them and they get real like what the fuck? Yeah, I think no. No, I think that would be so cool. That would be the cutest thing ever. Why would you want to put it to them? I don't even know how that would work. What do you mean bitch? How do you pop three kids out at the same time you have let's it does happen really does happen though. You just got to be a strong woman. Shout out to you guys that have 1200 Blitz Blitz all that. Shout out to you like that is crazy. Imagine jiggling two kids at the same time crying chuckling. Are you So we actually had a really a lot of good feedback on the truth or sip game. So how you play is your we're going to pick a question. We have multiple questions. We're going to pick a question and all of us are going to either answer or sip. So if you A question and you don't want to answer then you Sip and if you want to answer what the new answer, so let's start guys. Let's see. I have here. Oh shit. Have you woken up to a complete stranger? I have not. I haven't I haven't either I happened next girl this Okay, Lexi. What's been the biggest L. You took this year 2020 so far my biggest L that I've taken this year 2020. I don't think that have a big L. Okay, drink. Why are you guys sleeping with me or what? We're supposed to answer them. But yeah, she says that she's sippy. She doesn't want to answer. She doesn't want to get I don't have any me either also sit. Yep, Jackie as we did. I did it pick a question your neck. What advice would you give to those? You have a friend zone harder Boo, don't be calling me Mama. I hate. When do you call me, Mom? Hey, Mom. Let me get your number. My mom. I get it. It's like, you know a sign of respect or whatever, but it's like if you're walking in a Mexican Shaky that dog way laughs yo, so what advice? I mean, yeah, you're at your out where you're at for a reason, but I said girl don't she don't up Mommy? Don't none of that. All right. I already said my answers. Try harder Booth. Is it my turn? Yeah. Oh shit. What are your turn on spots? Oh, I must sit. I'm willing to sip me to tears. Try again. Let's see here. Do you prefer something romantic or materialistic? I am going to say romantic. I prefer the small detail bullshit. I enjoy the small thoughts but I appreciate everything to so, you know, I'm gonna have to agree with you. Yeah, as long as it comes with the heart and you don't do it because you you have to yeah. No I shouldn't have to tell you to do what you did at all just do it because you should love those little random surprising or just like a random like a little cute. looks like I'm thinking of you are good morning beautiful deer or hey I hope you slept good like I like him but don't wait like three five days later and I want to like and try to be like hey no you guys you guys gotta do better literally guys alright next question who's next me I think there's a reason why you're picking the red ones so I'm a picker red one oh okay would you ever date a girl no I don't think I would you want it on my preference no but I'll be an aunt I'm not against to it if it happens. It happens. Okay me I'm down. I'm actually would be super super down to actually date a girl. Oh good. So, you know, we have more options for her for the blind date right for the blind. What kind of girl though? It was she got to be a baddie. She like a bad girly girl like a body like that type of or they I would want like like a dyke. Look. No I can't Now I just want someone that is just be like damn we dating her like she don't even look like she has like Mike's girls because she a bad bitch. But again, we don't judge but you know what some some might Dyke little girl Dyke grows. Oh, yeah get it till you. Let me give you a story. I went out I went out once right and it was just a bunch of friends. We actually did a brunch and there was this girl Girl, there was this girl right? She was like a dyke and man was she beautiful The Way She Moves she had a curly curly hair, but I had a girl like you are beautiful like you're gorgeous and she was like a thanks. But yeah, that was my little crush that I had in Scottsdale what so but I am down for it. I'm really really I would be down for it. Next question might me I'll get a pink one since fucking Jackie's bitching. Alrighty, this one says have we ever hated on one another as an S3. Yeah. I'ma say no I think hate is a big hurtful word. I don't think I've hated any of this Ivan. I don't hate on you guys, but I don't approve with some of the choices you guys make that's about it and I will call you I think of it. Yeah, and I think it's likewise. I think it goes that like in every way in every way because I think I want you to thank you doin. Yes, cheers to that. We are winning. Go imma get lit. It's okay. If you could go back in time and fix something, what would that be? Why are you guys looking at me like that? Drink? Really? Yes, fine. Okay, you know, what would if you could go back in time and fix something? What would you what would that be? I do see a lot of things that I did that I could go back and fix but to be honest with you, I think that I happened for a reason we wouldn't be where we're at. Exactly. So I don't think I would change anything because everything that I've been through it's been a lesson and I've learned from me. So no, I don't think I would go back and switch or anything. I agree. Cheers Surat. Cheers. Yes, I like that. Oh go continue. do you think men can really change or is it just temporary yeah I feel like you're going to change who you want to change for that that is true that's it I think so too I think it's a possibility I think it could happen I I've seen like you said I think I have to go with you saying you change for who you really want a change but is that going to last will it last hiding so yeah for sure I think so all right next question oh what I'm going to agree to what Jackie said so should we just start just drink cheers I mean what step 7 All right. next question Oh, she oh, damn. What's been your wildest drug night. My while is drugs night. Go ahead answer. Yo, I got a story for this one. Oh, tell me your story. I like story time. This is my Wildest Dream night would have to be last year. I forgot I forgot around what you would time last year, but it was last year maybe in the towards the end of summer beginning of fall, so Person and his lady invited me to the casino. I went to beat Cleveland was my first time IV kleva and you know, I go on the drive there like a fucking lost signal like it was very fucking spotty. Where's the equivalent 51st yabbos for so it itself right? Yeah, whatever over there by with the new freeway Zach. I know it's like purple and gold and they have really nice bathrooms. Um, so I went to the Qui Vive they invited me over. It was my cousin's friends birthday or something like that and we were we went over there and that was around the time you introduced me to Vegas bomb everyone. Whoever knows me knows. I love Vegas bombs. That is my dream bitch. That's how we were drinking. We were dancing. I wasn't gambling or anything the boys were like, Remember you invited me out that night. Yeah. Oh the boys were were gambling and we were in the dance floor because they were like playing music and shit, but bitch like I would buy a round they would buy a round somebody else would buy a round and so on and so forth and when everybody was saying bye to everybody like I drove myself their first book up my cousin was like, all right. I'm going to leave and this is something that but One of my friends was already there. What am I one of my friends was already there with their friends. So it's like oh, you know, I'm going to I'm going to stick around a little bit longer. But before that I was like, oh man, like I'm going to go to the bathroom. Like I feel like shit. I ended up going to the bathroom and I'm fucking past. Can Cena get singing 7:00 a.m. No, but hold on. No, no. Well, my cousins had left I drove myself there by there was other another their friends that were there that I was going to hang out with them. Right don't know what checked on you for a hold on. Let me tell you this it but no check this out. How responsible I was right? Because the first time that I went into the bathroom like bitch, I was tired like I was tired and I was drunk I went into the bathroom the First time and whatever I took like a little five-minute nap and then I got out because a girl there were knocking on the door. She's like hey, are you okay? You've been there for a long time. So I got out. I'm like, hey, I'm really fucking tired. Like I'm really drunk but I'm gonna go to the bathroom in the corner and I'm just gonna like, you know, I'm like, can you wake me up in like 20 minutes 15 minutes. She's like, oh, yeah for sure. I'm like make sure nobody goes in there. So that's looking down the toilet and I fell asleep like It's going to hold a scar outside if you know like I don't think I would have been able to make it and that'll never happen again never and I ended up falling asleep in the bathroom and the friend that I was supposed to meet their like afterwards and stuff like that a hang around with them. There were like fucking blowing up my phone. I heard that they had the fucking security looking for me around the whole hotel or the whole for kid Casino the wooden them secured going in the bathroom or whatever. But since I told the girl since I told the girl that was in there working since I told the girl that that was in there working like she had my back like she was gonna say She was being a loyal dog. But tell me why when I fucking won't it was like fuck you for 5 in the morning. Mine. Do I got there like a tent? It's she called me. I swear to God. She's like I wake up and then I look at my phone bitch. I have like a shit kind of missed calls text messages voicemails like making sure I was good. I'm like fuck and I was trying to call back and like reply to my text messages, but they were just like trying to send and didn't go will because fucking I don't know if you guys been to be quick Ava you got no fucking signal in there is hella fucking spotty and I said fuck so I want my happy ass to my car and I stood there and let me tell you let me tell you let me tell you all my walk out there I was paranoid as fuck because there was somebody driving around in the truck I thought there were like out for my ass or whatever so I literally ran into my car and then I put the seat all the way back and I knocked a out again I knocked out again and by the time that I woke up again the fucking sun was out and then I went home and I fell asleep and I was texting people and then I told you about it Yeah, yeah that that's got time for that. That's why I'll go that's dad. I don't think I've ever had a girlfriend and I know you guys are laughing. I'm never you know, what ever since that they are having drink your stupid as a drink omega's Bonzo biggest on certain I'm upset because I don't want to say my while story fuck you lady, baby. That was a learning experience for me. Never again. Who's next Yaki? Okay, let me choose. girl you take forever I go it says have you ever sold in a friend's man oh no me neither wait I haven't either hey did that man? That's Jake. We saw the low yo beta is no you don't want to say Sad loot to be the next measure. How old were you when you started pleasing yourself tour or no toy? so what that user I don't know if I want to sip where I if I wanted to talk I think you should answer it because I'm a dancer I think it was after when I was married really girl yeah when I was married when I was like 21 years old so yeah did you not get ne or he wasn't pleasing you and you were just finishing it yourself pretty much I'll be sad that's fucking sad I mean drink to that I'm sorry I think with you I just drink wow so you guys his name me I was probably 25 may be okay yeah 25 and with the toy well you don't seem like you know what now that I've actually never used the toy no I've never never used a toy ever ever ever find a big they get the job done I've wanted to go to the sex store in like okay again right go ahead Jackie Jackie it's your turn hello Questioning a question. I don't want to play anymore. It's like that don't make me fucking slap the stupid face. Okay, this is my last question. We have to finish the question. Oh I did if it is. What's the creepiest DM you've ever gotten? Let me see. Let me see. She's gonna pull it up. What about you? Where's my phone? Hmm over there all that's bring it of it my creepiest damn. I don't know if you got guys have gotten this but it's like a fucking old adage person looking for a fucking sugar baby. Okay, my weirdest diem was Had a guy friend and I woke up to him D sending me a video of him eating his girl out inviting me for a threesome. What the fuck? Yes, like you was eating her the fuck out. Okay, and he was inviting me for a threesome was just like a random or somebody that not And him like Ty that's fucking weird. Yeah, like me and him like not my talk, but you guys are friends. We were friends. Yeah, not on that level. Well, I mean, no not about mean we never you know, but it was just weird that you I know this room because I'm not on the shit. No, like you nasty motherfucker you nasty but you know what, there's people out there that be into that stuff like I met but I was kind of like like, oh you want me like you felt like honored like like what you want me to have a threesome with you to like she like me like me and you she look like she was actually really pretty like I I actually was like, okay, I'm super down to do it like I would for real. Yeah, I actually had told him I like. Hey, we finding out some things today. Like I was I was actually going to do it, but I ended up being a bitch and backing out so I didn't show up for the day but But yeah, all right. I'm next. Oh, go ahead. No, I'm not your damn. You were like, okay, we can still be popping out to Jackie rhetta. but you're standoffish right I'm next favorite moment in your life I have a lot I do me too me too but I think the the the one that would top everything off with like my kids yeah giving birth to my son What are we already talked about this when you have a threesome, so get that one get that one. Last question if I can open it you would your long as Klaus. Well, what do you tell your nine-year-old? So what was the question? What were you tell your over to your hotel? Your nine-year-old? So keep dreaming baby girl, keep dreaming keep dreaming and never stop dreaming. yeah I would say be aware of your surroundings and make sure you always get picked the right decision yeah I think yeah I think I would have definitely just followed and did what I want to do like sports wise and just yeah like that yeah that's a good one no damn know you're busy a lot that was a great game I feel like there was deeper questions this time around I like and and against shout out to everybody that had their question request there was definitely a lot of good ones so that completes this game the club events I need to work on that but for now yeah let's drink let's drink moving along with I don't know if you guys remember but last week we did say that every week towards the end of our pod we will be shouting in out giving a personal shout out to one of our locals you know definitely supporting our local so this week's shout-out will be to my tokaiya Nancy she goes by Smalls at times her Instagram is Barbara Queen underscore her main focus is obviously men haircuts designs braids and threading fun fact she's actually been cutting my son's hair since 2016 so I've been rocking with her heavy since then My son gets a haircut every two weeks. And so, you know definitely go ahead and and check her out. She's a dope ass barber known by a few people or maybe more than I probably think she's fucking sick. She is located in West Phoenix. So definitely check her out. He's don't forget to support your locals guys. Yeah, and you know again, thank you so much for those people that have reached out to us gave us positive feedback on our first episode, you know. We are definitely more than help happy to continue on with this and we definitely appreciate the love and the support, you know, again, if you don't already know you could definitely follow us on Instagram and Twitter. Our Instagram is the Sip and chill show. Our Twitter is Sip and chill show. So please make sure to like And subscribe, you know, don't forget her Aid us as well. So rate US if you guys have any question or Russians don't forget to DM has and let us know what you think yes for sure will it's a wrap girls that is around cheers that was a good one hey