Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which isReally the first topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a moment meaning somebody attempts to take advantage of a you know under of some type of opportunity, you know, what will happen the moment will force him. In other words. He will be pushed to the side and I think what this is trying to say is sort of don't be too ambitious. If you're trying to push yourself on something you will end up being pushed to the side and then it goes on to say but if someone gives in to the moment, right you sort of just allow yourself to be present and what's happening the moment will yield to you again? I think this has to do with some of our things about framing or sort of just giving ourselves over to what is going on around us right at if we don't keep sort of pushing for something to happen. Then that thing the Shah was sort of just Going to you what you want will just happen needs Arab of EOS. If this can also be we can see in the story that happens with rather more abusive to her abusive saying I'd rather choke are hovering. So rather than reveal say for vo sape was he had a nickname called see nitrite. He was called seen I because he was very very smart. We're talking about I'm Ryan here and Raba right was Oak are hovering. He would why was he calls a no care hareem because he would approve Mountain. And so these are two different types of wisdom that were talking about review save calling him C9 means he probably remembered everything that was taught to him rather being o care hareem is somebody who's so smart and insightful. He has his way of turning things around and looking at it in a way that you would not seen it or understood it before it's through. Hello who Shah the moment arrives when they were needed in other words. One of them had to be chosen to become the head of the Yeshiva schluck Lula hot tub Okay, so they sent the following questions to the Tommy did have a problem in eretz Israel. This is similar to what we talked about yesterday, right the idea that the tell me they come in love eretz Israel really were the ones who needed to be deferred to we're talking about Yeshiva and bubble but yet they're going to eretz Israel to try to find out who should become the head of the of the shiba seen I go care hareem a that Mayhem code M. Right. We have two different types of teachers one. Lucy Knight one is who will care how to read which one of them should take precedence which one of them should become the the issue Shiva Slough hula hoop. So they sent back see nikodem show culturally and Lamar has he played see ya right? So they said Sinai takes precedence because everyone needs right and owner of the week. Meaning what you always need a person who's really an expert in the course sources Atholton high and low key Bella lover of USA Rovio State though. He did not accept this. I'm related to kill. Sorry called a Malta Tartine shiny write reviews. Dave didn't because he said the Chaldean right? That's we're talking about astrologer told him you will only be the head of the issue before two years. Okay. First of all, this camera is amazing because why was he going to an astrologer? I don't I couldn't actually find a good answer for this. Okay. I'd love to know if people understood exactly why that was called it here. Kyle Dean the what? The term there is right. It means Babylonians so that the fact that once you at all it's very interesting, but I think they did the fact he's Consulting his locals, right? He's a Consulting his locals, but he had some kind of premonition that if he took this job, it wasn't actually going to be for very long. So what happens malaka Rabe is 313 shunning the lock or vo save Tartine swagga. So what happens rather precise as the head of the issue for 22 years after he dies. Rub your state becomes the head for two and a half years. So even though and this is an example of this the basically what it reviews they've not want to do he didn't want to take advantage of an opportunity. Even though the Tommy day of common averages for all said you actually should be the roast your Shiva right? He's sort of believe if I'm ultimately it's going to be that I will be the version of Chiba. Somehow will work out that I will ultimately be The Roaster Shiva he was willing to sort of put himself aside and Wow, rabbit to have that honor of being the issue of up first. I find this to be interesting because one could argue is this really just sort of not stepping up to doing what you were supposed to be doing. Like he was called upon by the rabbi's of eretz Israel to be the leader and he's like no, I'm just not going to take this opportunity. I believe ultimately I will be the roast of Juba but maybe now is not the right time. This is an interesting way to go through life. I'm not sure I totally agree with it. The gemara is obviously using this as an example to say, this is a good way, but it's a Interesting story and I think this is a lot to think about I've sort of when we're presented with an opportunity for advancement or leadership. Are we supposed to decline first and if we're meant to be a leader will we will eventually will it just happen call Hannah fish needs a Malik Rabe. I feel umm now elevate a black rat. Okay, and then even then all those the governor wants to just tell us that all those years that Rabe was the Russia Shiva. It's telling us review safe. Okay. Do not even let a bloodletting. Letter to his home. Meaning okay, he would not review save wouldn't give any type of sign of showing Authority, right? He wouldn't even have a blood Letter. Right? This was supposed to be right. This was sort of a type of doctor in that time rather. He would have you know, he would, you know call out who to have the blood Letter sort of call out to him first very interesting story. So it's not only that he just wasn't acting like we refuse to be the leader. He himself would not Even do anything the maybe somebody would think that he was acting with some sort of authority, but I'm already having healthy Matic TV another class Champion Sarah Des québecois shame a local Yokel. So now where will you get another saying from Reviving her Levi quoting a post up into Helen that says the Lord will answer you on the day of distress the name of the god of Jacob set you upon. Hi, so he's asking a question. I'll okay. Yeah Coble. Okay ibrehem. Beat Scott. Why does the puzzle kin to him only? Mentioned that you're the god of Jacob and a Shem is not the god of Abraham and your son McConnell Bell had Qureshi kinase but a biatch okura. So from here, we learn a principle which is someone who owns a beam should approach carrying the thick portion of the beam. What is this mean that when a builder's carrying a beam in order to put it into a building he has to make sure very carefully that the largest part of the beam will be able to fit into the building. Okay. So yaakov, right who had many many children That was what eventually would become sort of been a sterile as we know it. Okay, he needs he's the one right who needs to continue to pray for all of his children and make sure that each of them sort of fit in a certain way and become a cohesive Nation, but I'm already having a Levi call an enemy sudha should tell me how I'm sure of it killing enemies eve even continues to say anyone who partakes in a meal at Wichita Malcolm is there it's as if he's enjoying the Splendor of the screen itself of God should have marked variable our room because EPA Israel lajolla honeymoon hotel emotional evening. I had a low key words. So they how do they prove this a quote of participant remote Parenthood had puzzled your bed chapter 18 verse 12. It says Aaron came and all the Elders of Israel to eat bread with motions father-in-law right with utero before God, right? So this was like the when you throw comes to motor after a years of all of the Miracles Done for being a thoroughly sit down and they have this festive meal together. So will he leave me Alo team a flew slowly promotion flu, so they asked the question. How does it say that? They hate leave me a Hile opium in the pot so they actually ate before God. It's a no it's that they actually perform motion and motion was such a time. That was awesome. It was like they were eating before God, LOL Marla: enemies through - so tell me if I'm sure ubatuba killing and name is Yves cleanup, right? So this really just coming to tell you that one wasn't Neil was a Torah scholar it's as if he's enjoying the presence of the screen app, but I'm already a vanilla bean honey. Farmers have a row allium our local official. Oh Lala Chihuahua. This is a very very famous statement Ravi. I've been at Levi says that when somebody goes to leave another person right like his friend is leaving him. You do not say lisp is Shalom go in peace rather you say liqui shalom. You should go to peace Charolette Rose tremolo llamosa liquid shalom. Love that clear David Cameron Lola Absalom lift, but Shalom. How locked in his lap when you throw right when he leave when he spoke to most of this is from Shmoop Eric Dalek. He says to Moshe likley Shalem go to peace when David talks to odd Shalom. Okay. The last one you seems Absalom. He says lace Vishal him go in peace, right which grammatically would make more sense. What happens to Absalom? Ultimately he is he's hungry and he's Killed, but I'm already so this is and people do do this today. We don't ever say list bitch alone. We sail a flagellum Rama Ravi. I've been however, I find that I find that the way to remember it is. Yeah, I never wish alone is how do you remember the Bissell? Ohm is in peace, like rest in peace. And so that's what we don't say. Say the other one. So that's the little oh, okay. That's that is a good way to remember that. Okay, we will go on an animal was going to hand it over to you. Oh, no, I am I'm done with what I owed. Oh, sorry, the last starving. I made earlier Marlo liquid Shalom. Ella left the Shalom Shannon Marva Tata bolt of artificial womb and concludes worthy of being a lady based on a puss soak in for a sheet the same idea that when you leave a dead person. Okay there we don't say leaflet Shalom, right? We don't say go to peace there. We say go in peace. Okay, and that has to do with the puzzle that says by the types of elaborate official. Oh, you shall go to your father's in peace. Meaning when you pass away you shall Go In Peace So and I will poke you to finish up the dock. Well, what a privilege the voice changes here because we're leaving Rivera be a vanilla via side and we are going to hear from some other people. I'm Ruby Levi barks hiya hiya Tommy Bates, and I said to Nick masturbating midrash was sick, but or as somebody who leaves the bigness of the shoe. Enters the beit midrash presumably, you know right away but a sick but Dora, so as I said presently right away, but prohibit it also might apply conceptually, right someone who does this in their life, right and then is steeped into a revolting but all right. So what is steeped in Torah? So hello, Michael Bell Place Cana that person merits to receive the face of the screen of the divine presence genetic marker and here we also have a possible even though the phenomenon that the same thing that your data you that you've just gone through what we you know, Piece of text plus a plus again plus an analysis of the puzzle is exactly what we're doing. It just happens to be different different rabbis. Then I yell home a file a file year L cubed C on this is right. So here is this you should go from strength to strength. Not you should they go from strength to strength and they will see God in Zion, right the idea being that when they both appear before God, that's when they they Is that if you go from the praying to the Torah study, right? That's when you get this divine revelation. That's the idea from Kyle to Kyle want this. I'm sorry for for butchering this the the first strength. The first Kyle is the Fela and the second file is the learning our you're busy but us but actually I'm a rough tell me this is some email him Manuka labellum has ever llama but all of my back this is it Is Tommy these are coming sages wise people Scholars have no rest not in this world and not in the next Sheena. And again, there's a perfect approve this Chanel. It's the same person contact your home a file file here. Lll keep busy on that. They will go from strength to strength and they will see US Embassy on in Zion right meaning that no matter what they're doing. They're always going from strength to strength. This is the it's a same point of the the statement right Lola. Lol s a homeless addict more is not upon you to complete the work. This is other right but below have been serenely but tell me that you also can't refrain from engaging it. So if you are a scholar if you're a Torah scholar and your steeped in Torah, then you never have a moment's a moment off right? I'm practically you might but in concept there's always more to be doing. I'm Ruby other. I'm already studied. Uh, tell me they Sesame might be Michelle Obama. This is a very statement very famous statement. It appears in diverting and it appeared people have made songs out of it right brother. Maybe let's say the name of really funny te tell me they have some again Torah Scholars my beam Shalom belong they bring peace. They increase peace in the world today. I am I have a whole but I actually moved a Hashem does all of your children by knife remove the item will be taught about Hashem, but Rabbi Shalom by nice. And great will be the peace Shalom amongst your children, which of course is very interesting because there's you know, where we talk all the time about having better is filled with Mike Logan and certainly there's a great deal of strife amongst certainly on an intellectual plane. But often more than that where we understand that not everything that happens between Scholars is in fact peaceful, but the idea is that nonetheless that there's an increase in in peace in the world and that is how you know from one generation to the next by teaching the word of God we are We are bringing that Shalom that greater peace to the Next Generation. Okay, the good Mark continues and this is part also part of the very famous statement. I'll take me by knife. Don't read your children. Ella bone knife. You should read your Builders right between those who are building in the Torah and the guy goes on in some rather have a torrid active in lamo. Mitchell is another verse this from this one from the hilum says those who love Torah love God's Torah they have Shalom RAV they have great. Peace and they don't have any mix all they don't have any stumbling back and yet another verse he's alone before I left shoulder but I'm retired. When you have peace in your portion, then it will be shalva. It will be and we translate yourself that kind of like piece but it means not shell of tranquility tranquility. That's it. That's great. Thank you, but I'm going to try if amongst your palaces right that Is again, this is a parallel statement. This is how these kinds of spooky work. They are Biblical Hebrew poetry and they line up to be parallel. So that Shalom Buffet Leaf lines up with Salva by Manet is basically meaning the same thing that there will be peace on in your walls the - I've read that my national bustling modern day that she met located about of accept overall that you can probably all say this very fast with me because it appears in determining right the idea that it's for the sake of the monoxide for my sake of my Brethren and my friends adapter initial path. I will now say peace be with you the man bait Smo kind of extra table and I will for the sake of the house of God. I will request or seek out the good for you and then hacemos the mou 10 give her a fat semi very epitome of a Shalom another very very sick famous for soup. Right? May God give may God grant strength to his people. You tennis mu Vera and me that there are some will bless his nation in peace had AA Carolla This legal a must-have apricot Brown unbelievable. Well, that is our job for the day, you know where to find us. We appreciate that. You've been listening along with us all along. We hope to wait wait your Dana I'm gonna interrupt you. I'm gonna interrupt you before first of all, I just want to say two words about the hydrant and then we have a very again a very important announcement. Okay. First of all had run means we will come back to you. We will return and I think that that's a very important point. I feel like we have done so much of myself apricot and yet there is so much wisdom. Exactly. So this is this is the Assurance right from the learner to the Torah to the talmud to the text. We will come back to please God. Okay, and secondly And perhaps even practically speaking more importantly our see him our virtual see him, which is tomorrow. Okay. I don't know when you're listening to this. It is Sunday, March 8th and the important important important announcement is that we messed up on the time in our previous announcements and I want we will need to correct it that the because of the clock change instead of 10 a.m. And the Eastern Standard time. It will be 11 a.m. Daylight savings time. In in the u.s. Eastern Seaboard and you know adjust your clocks accordingly. I mean it just your time zones accordingly and that's 5 p.m. In Israel. Okay, I'm sorry to interrupt you your Dana. I just felt like we need people to know where else you are is less they show up at the wrong time.