Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and keep on brushing. Rosalind was a great science student and eventually got a job studying something called DNA DNA is the recipe for how to make all the living things on earth. It's way too small to see with just your eyes but a single strand of DNA can tell you how to make the tallest tree where the tiniest ant At the time lots of scientists were researching DNA trying to figure out what it looked like switcher brushing to the bottom of your mouth and brush. Your front teeth to Rosalind was an expert in x-rays, you know, like the ones you get at the doctor. She thought maybe you could use x-rays to understand DNA. She had the idea to take a picture of a strand of DNA using x-rays And finally scientists could see what DNA looked like a twisted ladder. Switch or brushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth, but don't brush too hard. Roslin's photo was one of the keys to unlocking the mystery of DNA sadly. She didn't get the credit she deserved at the time but her work lives on and today she is remembered as one of the most important scientists in the history of DNA because of her work as a pioneering woman of science Rosalind Franklin is today's Chompers heroin. That's it for Chompers today, but we'll be back with more tonight until then three. Chompers is a production of gimlet media.