Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason concepción Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did you think that Donald Trump would prefer the figurehead part Jazzy governing part a hundred percent? Okay, and it would eliminate all the Trump's of the world and not just people ideologically like him from the actual governance of society because they all want to be the one who's sitting in the Skybox. Next to Roger Goodell and pointing a football player. So it's like a meat shield for for for yeah, Dad stuff. So this is your social the David Shoemaker social contract of the nation would be this we enact legislation that allows us to have a king and a royal family that Royal Family's life will be picked apart in miniature at the atomic level. Yes constantly, we will talk about what they're eating will talk about how they're raising. Their kids are in the wind everything that Happens you will talk about what kind of what kind of diapers they're using are they biodegradable this is terrible and they're not protecting the environment they pretend to care about but they don't. Meanwhile, some other person will just be doing all the actual prime minister Mitch. Yeah. Well, hopefully it's really clearing the way for Moscow magistrate take take the reins and do what he's been hoping for. But listen, there are a lot of people that are run for president that have run for president and past but let's be honest. They didn't get the gig because they didn't look like a president. Right? Let's Sometimes the best option is a guy that looks like Bernie Sanders, you know, Arizona, it looks like Elizabeth Warren exactly and they Elizabeth Warren. Would be the best prime minister that this country has ever seen. No, you never had one, but you know any so I have another question structurally. How do you feel about American taxpayer dollars going to propping up the Monarch? I'll tell you read about it. I have an idea here. Okay, one of the issues that has plagued the Trump Administration among many is and forgive me of my pronunciations off is a mole a moment's the online payments for that shit out the window. Hey cash it here's the thing the King Street. Here's the trade you can. Be king of America for 10 years Ivanka can be princess Don jr. Can be Prince. Feel free to Market it branded sell it sell it to the most Bad actors do whatever you got to do have a cartoon on Fox News. That's like you're like the family guy but it's you and your boy said you make all the money. Yeah grass. Everything is for sale. If you have an actual no practical and tactical I'm like right the running of the country. No wonder that different from what they're doing. They just put it out. Don't care that public you carry. I haven't told you. I have an alternative idea. If we don't want to go full emoluments sure sure nuclear option. Yeah, why don't why doesn't the government just start the American version of what's the worst tabloid The Daily Mirror and all of the money that is made from this newspaper that just looks at the president ever looks at the king and his family all the time and people buy it all of that money subsidizes the lifestyle the cake. It's a good giant red herring essentially. It's like it's like here is the the ultimate celebrity. Yes and the celebrity lives for the celebrity life span for a really Top Notch one who doesn't have a specific craft like a Brad Pitt. It's basically 10 years like the Paris Hilton life cycle was 10 years. I think we're nearing the end of the Kardashian decade perhaps it's optimistic. That's sort of the life cycle for the unskilled celebrity essentially. Yeah famous for being famous. And so it's basically like we could have made Kris Jenner Queen. Yes, and all that infrastructure would already be in place. I think that probably the royal family would have to live in the valley Calabasas seems about right. Uh-huh. Just take them out of Washington DC out of the swamp into the valley and we're doing pretty good as a lot of apparatus for this already in place and it kind of codifies and formalizes a problem in a way that it becomes a solution to our governance problem in our obsession with celebrity Jason you and I have seen a lot of the same movies read a lot of soon books. Absolutely. It's very true. How do we go about? King removal hmm. Well, what would let's what would what would trigger the removal of a king? Well, I mean, I think the one thing that would be really entertaining for all of us is just like a complete battle for the throne between Eric and Don jr. Oh, wow, it's just like get some Henry shit going. Wow. Why should you be the dumb leading the dumb there and let that be and less accurately reality show and Ivanka would would rise to the top as it was what should happen? That would be a great reality. Yeah, he also be like Ultimate Warrior like like real Family Edition, huh? And they have to like just do like Gladiator type shit or whatever. There's so many possibilities here. I'm completely in on this idea. It's probably the best idea I've ever heard you haven't worked with you for a minute. Can I add something what if now what if we did it this way? Okay the king and the royal family are as mentioned covered with all the kind of rigor that the 21st Century Media space allows. Allows us to apply to their lives, but what if they lived in a medieval setting? Yeah Castle no electricity, like watch mouth servants footman a juggler like a clown courtly shrew actual Court make them live at Valley Forge. Yes, and they and everything like what they learn about what's happening in the on the news from Scrolls? Yeah a person will come with it 5 foot. Roland said well today. Here's what happened today and unroll it and have to tell them that and that's how they live in a part of the way we can generate income is a subscriber only reality show where you watch this Royal King family of America living in this medieval lifestyle you get to watch and see what that was. Like, it's like a sociological experience you make sure I think the thing that the really be excellent about this is separating the wheat from the chaff where you could say to any presidential candidate, right? You can either run for president with a term limit of a Eight years or you can become king for a term limit of ten years. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, and as king you can K-Cup you can make so much more money as you want. Yeah, you can do all the fun shit and not have to worry about anything else. But as president you're going to be very little downside. I mean, obviously they need the Press could cover you there could be some sort of, you know indiscretions that become the whole story but like once you've been king or queen once you've been royal for 10 years you walk away you still get to go to like like nauseous like funerals and dog Bobo's, yeah, and every time there's every time we elect a new candle the Oh, hey show up are parades you and your beloved beloved. Yeah, if the economy tanks while your king or queen, it doesn't matter. It's not your fault. Right, right. All right, Robin Williams, and it's not your fault. I think we're all into this for Juliet living for Jason concepción for myself Chris Ryan. That was David shoemakers hottest team