What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast.Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby, welcome to the show buddy. Thanks cars exploded to beer mate. I've been pumped about this conversation we act it's actually the second time we have in it. So we recorded this earlier it You know, we had some technical issues but man I'm just really happy that I get to speak to you twice. I don't think it's a bad thing. No, I - that's a very nice thing for you, sir. Thanks very much mate this lie. Congratulations on your appointment to the Netherlands rugby league born board. But before we get before we get into all of that, I really want to learn a little bit about you. So I'm going to start with some icebreakers. I want to know who's the Super League team? Simply to you is wiggin. But yeah, but I think I think should be able to Second things for Toronto as well a big big advocate for other more than ten six Runners day. I think everyone has a soft spot for Toronto at the moment. It's unfortunate the way they're going but you know, hopefully things improved. What about NRL? Have you gotten in RL side? Not really? No. No. I just I would probably say a camera just because of the English content. Is it there? Yeah. That's really good. See those guys yelling well over there and hopefully George Williams add something as well this year to them. I hope so two men Fair swap fade and Caesar you guys have him over there now and hopefully George's as good if not better but I thought you might have said Melbourne storm because papen housands got that that Dutch Heritage so that could be something something for you to watch. Yeah. I mean, I'm a big fan of puppet house and but not not of Melbourne and forces are enough mate. Um, look tell us a little bit about your history. And you're playing career because obviously the listeners they're very astute. They can hear that. You've got a British accent. You're not touch. So let us know like tell us a little bit about your history and how you ended up as on the board of the national Netherlands rugby league, but Bond. Yeah, so I started playing rugby in the UK helping Rochdale the age of six or seven and through my dad who got me involved in that blood for a few clubs in the UK little burrow film role. With Greatland breakouts, and then finally bury and I've got a lot of lot of experience over many years had some really good times at Greatland, but then kind of when I got to my audios of around about 16 17, and I really wanted to have a look what else was out there. Yeah, right starts with the United States League the u.s. ARL it was watching the game of the live stream for quite a while a time and I'm really impressed with what was going on there. Some I really want to get involved with growing contact with a couple of clubs got a couple of offers but we kind of we kind of got to a brick wall when we kind of realized that might be a little bit early for me 16:17 in the US isn't in the ideal. Yeah, but I really really want to get involved with some sort of development rugby league who was who are some of the clubs that you were in contact with in the state back then so there was Jacksonville axemen sure. L v I need was another one and on the New York club as well who played in the a.m. And I will for the time I think. Oh, well, okay cool. That would have been interesting. But yeah, so you say you'll 16 at the time so probably a bit early for you, but you've had this sort of you've had this like expansion sort of mindset from an early age. Obviously. Oh definitely. Yeah. I mean, I mean for me it's the fantasy football and the walk up and you see how many nations getting involved and then you look at Li And you've kind of got, you know, the UK and France and Australia New Zealand, that's pretty much it and it's quite sad that I'm so that you know, the best sport in the world isn't seen by a bigger audience. So that was It was kind of something. I want to get involved with from an early set looking looking at the European side something close to home and then I stumbled across across the Netherlands notice that they're just going to season with Belgium with four teams cross-country and I'm just I just I just felt right, you know when you get that gut feeling I got in contact with her whether he ignites. And then yeah, we were just talking from there. What went for my first training session on a Thursday night played my first game on the Saturday. We're going to Rotterdam this game with the 2016 season. We lost 8820 probably one of the worst defeats of my life 8820 shit. It was a tough day at the office. Fish but I absolutely loved it. It was it was one of the is one of the most enjoyable games of art, which it was done very strange to hear with that score line, but that soon as I finish all the time and they sort of just a sort of feel you get off that game. I knew I was in I was in that for the long run. What was that? What was it about that game? Because like was the quality would have been quite different to what you used to like. What did you did it? Was it what you expected? I think you actually benefited me a lot because I was I was still young. So when that other game wasn't something, you know as much as you used to me at that point, I was probably a lot faster than the than the order lat. So you're not going to give me a bit of an advantage but I think that I think he's I think he's just playing with more grown-ups off the helping them out and and that sort of thing you just if you just just give you a really good feeling it's a kind of help them out and you're sexy. You could see potential to a lot of potential. Yeah, awesome. And so when you were over there in that first year, we did you did you say that the Netherlands competition was combined with Belgium or was that the year prior? No, I was yeah, probably that was the day when I was following it. Yeah, I'm sorry Vidya. It was a following year where it broke off and you can just kind of ducks takes all their something with three three teams at the time which is Amsterdam Rotterdam the egg, which we actually get to the final in then we'd lost lost and finally guns roared. Down we'll talk about these great will talk about these Grand Final losses in a moment because it was a few there for the Hague and they finally got spoiler alert. They finally got the win last year. But so little what can you tell us about sort of the history of rugby league in the Netherlands like is that is that 2015 16? Is that where it began or does it does it go back earlier than that? Hey see, it's actually a lot earlier than that. Now there's a lot of people that don't actually know and there's a lot of Doubt true, but I don't know this the rebuilding of the Netherlands first evolved in Tonight when we actually competed in the student Rugby League World Cup in New York. I think I believe we were given quite a tough group and New Zealand Scotland and I can't think of the Other Nation but lost lost all three games. But by no rest from the worst of it was New Zealand that maybe five points to 16 which which isn't that bad of a result really hear it does in the grand scheme of things. So yeah, the unfortunate then after that really didn't really have any sort of role in the Netherlands until about 2003 Netherlands plenty in Scotland are in Sutton Haim, which was actually shown the kind of garden looks of it. I Yeah by sky sport the UK and we've actually put on on a show over here, but then again it didn't reveal it amount to much right about 2005/6. It was a All team competition around the Hague and Rotterdam sort of areas and then it kind of fizzled out after the after the World Cup qualifiers ended in 2007 2009. There's a new board that came in which is the NRL be which is it just as it is today. Yep, and then it was kind of more development status as far from the Grassroots properly. No official competition really came in until 2015 when the Belgians, so there's a long period of time there which was just and Brogan's which is incredible blood to Harvey is really from New Zealand got uh Heritage and yeah easy, it really did really did pick up the sport a year and I'm still voting we wouldn't be in the position we are today. Is it is that what it took because it was obviously a bit of stop-start, you know over a couple of decades. What did you need? Someone like that to really drive it drive it and really build something. Yeah, I think so. I mean, I mean it's not the nothing against people that are doing it the past. I mean it might be a time, you know time Jones obviously Simon Stern's all the time and people's interests change, but obviously what Jesus has done it is incredible and I'm very honored to try and carry on what he's done over there. So and so you've been there or you've been playing for the nights for the den hug nights for five years by my count for years. Maybe you guys lost a few grand finals. But last year you finally beat the coppers the Amsterdam cobras tell us a little bit about how that felt and after being a part of this club for so long. It's probably one of the best moments of my life really as soon as that whole time whistle goes and Andy realize you're national champions. It's it's an incredible feeling. It's a really euphoric moment and that's that some of that all that I'll never forget is incredible there and the actual map Itself was was incredible. I just one of the highest standards of games over the legacy of the Netherlands everything and it was just it was really good. Obviously with a last-minute try when a really cool off anticipate game. He was in doesn't absolutely incredible day. Yeah, it was it was brilliant. I can't talk about that Grand Final without mentioning our mutual friend Billy Forester because he'd he'd kill me if I didn't mention him. Apparently, you know, it's all because of him that you guys You guys got the win but he actually said what you said. He said the quality of that game the standard of that game was amongst, you know the best that he's played in but what sort of level it was that a one off because of the intensity or like what sort of level would you compare that that Dutch competition to just for our listeners to sort of get an understanding of where it's at. It is really difficult to kind of gauge I saw comparison is the where we're at. I mean if I have to say, you know, you probably looked inside of and high-end amateur level in the UK, which I mean some people might you know kind of turn a phone at that but I mean, we've got one has done that we've grown up in this four or five years properly as a unit Yeah, I mean that's probably where we are. But yeah, I mean, I mean back on the Billy thing. I mean, yeah, he's I know I know give it all the big talk that was all done to him. He did have an absolutely incredible game that final I'll give him that is if I don't I won't hear the end of it. It did score a try as well which are which I know I've gotta get in there. Sorry, but unfortunately can't be with us next year due to work commitments, but that's not you know, we're talking to some that. Really good stopping last year. That's a shame but I'm sure speaking to him. He'll be back one day. He'd absolutely love this time over there. Tell us about this where it's at now. So you mentioned when you first moved across the when you first started playing for the nights, he had three clubs now, there's five. I believe tell us a little bit about each of these clubs and and sort of where they're at and and tell me a little bit about the rivalries because I'll say I'll say from the get-go like I've spoken to a few people over there in And in particular from the nights and the Amsterdam cobras, there's like I won't say there's a hatred between the clubs but there's definitely a very healthy rivalry. Tell us a little bit about about the clubs over there right now. Yes, I mean, yeah, I mean I'll agree. It's definitely not hatred. It's just one of them were, you know, when you've got the two besties the competition just got of your ovary and you know, somebody's got a bit of a team. Yeah, this this seems really really really really intense the sort of railroads. Got on every Club is involved in a rivalry. So originally it was maybe the nights and rot down which were kind of the main rival. I can be the two best teams Amsterdam of then developed and become a really good strong force and it's kind of in the against Amsterdam most recently as well as well as a new team of just come in they were very closely located to power device. So that will be a really really good really good. Be sure to have and that's that's actually the opening game for us as well on the 18th of April. It's not be really nice. Is it good? Yeah, we can start off. You've got a lot of players that I've moved from Amsterdam to Zwolle due to their sort of resonance the areas as well. So I'm kind of feeling the will be some form of rivalry between understand them smaller whether that's a good rivalry or or a very bad one Blackwell after have to find out very soon. Do you think that because Amsterdam the coppers have been strong for a Years. Do you think this Vale coming into the competition taking some of their players does that affect them or have they have they recruited? You know, who do you think I'm not going on the recruitment levels for them other than van Rossum. I'm Stan will be absolutely working working his backbone to make sure yeah, he's got enough players and obviously recruited well whether or not they can compete and Zwolle can compete to a high level will have to see you but I'm really excited for both clubs are really do think that they'll that they've got a really good long-term future as well awesome team. And so we've got the Den Haag nights just for those at home Dan Hogg nights. The Amsterdam copper is we've got the Rotterdam pitbulls the heart of like dolphins. Did I say that right heart of Ike and I and there's Vale are wolves. So five clubs. How's the competition going to work this year? So this year it's just going to be same as a generic Seasons. You've got your Playstation home and away and some attend rounds for fixtures followed by a grand final. It's going to commence on the 18th of April between Zola and Howard of Ike and the Grand Final will be mid July. It's continuous season. There will be a midseason break on the weekend of the 29th of the 31st of May which will touch on later on with our International calendar when we place we Aiden are like you care. Yeah, and so Rotterdam nines. Where does that fit? Is that do you guys organized that is that the unofficial kickoff for this for the season or is it separate a separate term is is organized by Rotterdam pitbulls. Again, it's something that Jason bridegroom's has done for many years to a really really high high standard. It kind of is the sort of unofficial start to the season and the way that it brings all the sort of seams together. Really good luck really good social engagement events to bring in new clothes outside of the UK. Sorry outside of the Netherlands as well. Yeah. It's a really good event to have and I'm really looking forward to being a part of that again. And that's that's happened on the 11th of April this year on Easter weekend beautiful. I think it's a good way to start at all and I didn't know that that it's actually Rotterdam the people who organized it. Not not you guys. So but still interesting, it's good that it's all sort of part of one big big picture. Tell me about the players. So like where do they come from? Are they all they all Brits like yourself? Are they expats? Is there any development there? They're Dutch guys playing it is in the competition. Like what's the split? It is very very dependent upon the corpse. Yeah something obviously you've got the big cities in Amsterdam Rotterdam and the Egg we obviously got a lot of expats lot of students from other nations, UK Australia and all sorts of regions and then obviously you got harder bike as well which are kind of the out there away from the biggest cities and they do have a lot more doctor contingent. That's not to say that there. Aren't Dutch players in Amsterdam Rotterdam in The Hague. Yep, more of a mix along sort of teams. Whereas yeah hard of a controller or a lot more Dutch and the cat the kind of stick to the Dutch. Where's obviously speak in the Dutch language as well, which is which is really important to us. Yeah. I mean, that's pretty it is quite a various thing. But I mean, it's really good for us to have because obviously increases the song player pool that we have the Internationals. Yeah, it gives us Liars more of a more of a challenge against plays that Obviously won't come against in there and the international say yeah, it's a really it's a really good mix for us to have at the minute. Yeah, awesome man. So and and how did clubs recruit like I assume there's no Juniors or development of this stage. Am I right in saying that as it stands? We don't have any Juniors any junior teams or anything like that in place. However, we are working towards a sort of Odysseus not sort of sort of child's Festival of such some of the Sakura rather the Grand Final in July that's that event isn't officially confirmed but we are working working towards them were fairly positive that we can so we can try and pull that off. So where do the players come from in so we're how does a how does how does a dutch-born player end up playing for the heart of like dolphins? For example, I mean it probably stands about to a few years ago when rugby league clinics which are which therefore means a ruefully training session are Dr. Session. Yeah, I'd say it's a schools. I know there was a few clinics don't hard of I can that's that's kind of how hard of Ike Dolphins were born which was which is through the school and system and obviously interest just outside. Yeah older people and that's the really it's a really good success story that that we've managed to get into a school and we might have Build A team out of it. As far as the other teams are concerned. It's more it's more just obviously Source like social media advertisements and trying to get those Guys in we do I mean obviously we do have a lot of players from Rugby Union. It's something that was that, you know, we're not we're not scared to have met. It's something that we do rely on heavily. Their season is it's from August to we talk mayor, where's our season is are fall through to July but the yeah that we do get a lot of Union players wanted to play league but it's really healthy feels that there's players that want to play league and obviously want to get involved with our guys and that's something that we do take advantage. It reminds me a little bit in it's funny. You mention the USA RL earlier reminds me a little bit of how they're set up. So they've got obviously their Union season and then their USA our role League season sort of runs in the union offseason. So that players can play both and there's always a lot of like a lot of argument and discussion about whether that's the right way to go. You know, should they tackle Union head on or could could they survive if they did that and it sounds like you guys are kind of in that same boat is there are other really is a relationship good between the two forms of rugby over there. Is there a plan to one day, you know try and take it on head-to-head or is that really going to be not benefit either party at this point? I mean me personally, I haven't had any discussions with the Union side, but I do know that there is no hatred at all between the two bonds. What we do know is kind of its kind of one of them things where we just do our own thing. It's not there's no sort of relationship does not. I should have the seventh time which is which is which is fairly healthy for us to our health. Yeah. Yeah, I understand a few of the club's actually have like partnership sagas of all a wolves have there that I noticed on the Instagram page. They've talked about their relationship with this Vale Rugby Club as well and they share a ground and all that sort of thing facilities. So I guess it can only be a good thing right now. Yeah. Okay. Let's let's see, let's step away from from Union. I don't really want to talk too much about that. But um, tell me tell me a little bit about your role now. So are you still paying for the night see season or does your appointment to to the NRL be bored sort of mean you have to forego duties on the field? No, I mean my main focus this year is the NRL P. I'm more than happy to help the nights in an infinitely off the field. That's that I'll always have that that hand of help there for them. Yeah, but but my main focus this year is make sure the NRL be has a very successful. Is it has a very good International season? We're in a very good position moving into next year and that yeah that stuff that's where my focus needs to be. No know if the night need me to play or if I'm free for one week and then obviously I love stick my hand up and and and help them out because I'm still helping them help the league and that's like I said that the league is my priority at the minute fantastic. And so how involved you get in international fixtures for Netherlands and organizing those sorts of things. So that's actually part of my role. So it is my responsibility to make sure that we that we do organize the obviously trainings the matches and obviously transport a combination of all that sort of stuff anything National Team versus are my responsibility. So we've obviously we've got five International games this year, which is the most we've had ever that's gonna say you're doing an excellent job so far, that's pretty good. But yeah, obviously I'm in 5 min. Program this year is going to be really big for us and obviously heading into the arrows at the end of the year. We're going to be really well prepared for it. And that that's that's the best way for us to be. Well, let me run through those five games and then we can talk a little bit about you know, a few of them. We've got you mentioned the the break in the domestic competition on May 31st that weekend. So that's when you'll take on Sweden in Hull. So that'll be a curtain raiser to a whole KR Super League match, which I think is fantastic. Then August 26, you've got seven English. Are you playing Southern England rugby league September 19, you play at home against Germany for the annual Griffin cup, which is really cool. We can talk a little bit about that in a sec. And then the 17th, you've got turkey as part of your Euro D tournament. You've got turkey in Rotterdam and then the return leg you got turkey in Istanbul the week later on the 24th of October that to me is incredible like and I mentioned I mentioned on our pod recently that That Netherlands ischia playing more International games than the kangaroos are usually play like the kangaroo is probably played two or three games a year. Normally. This is a little bit different 2020 and I'll be on the kangaroo to all but I just think that's incredible and I want to start with this match against Sweden at Hulk a are like how did that come about? So I mean, it's kind of been a quite a few months in the back in. Yeah obviously back in October November time. We actually We've got an official bidding to host the Toronto Wolfpack game. Yep, which really well-received social media. It was a really good social engagement for us to have unfortunately, we never heard back from the wolf pack, which was a shame. But you know, we kind of expected that some extent then by chance. Okay, I actually got into contact with myself and said look, you know I can sit with we can see that, you know, you are trying to expand the game. Why not bring an international game? Pause for the past couple of months. We've been we've been crossing a lot of boundaries than to make sure we can actually get that done and we're very very pleased to have that confirmed with Sweden that in the past couple weeks. Well done whole KR that's incredible for them to reach out to you. I think like just be round of applause to them. I think that's fantastic. Well, what do you think that will do for the boys in the Netherlands? Like obviously, they're getting to travel they get into play at this like like a, you know, a Super League class Stadium they get to watch watch the game live afterwards as well. What does this mean for them? I mean this this sort of the sock release our trip so it could actually make a player now. I know that sounds very very quite a big step. That's all what means for a place to go. Obviously, you know, you travel to the UK with a set of double Stars, which you going with for a long time. You playing at a Super League Stadium, which is that just doesn't that opportunity does not come along very often somewhat self a lifetime for those guys. Yeah, then obviously, you know, you'll put your Eating a soup early game and not just any swivel again. But against the safely champions for those guys to be involved in the atmosphere and see that sort of gave it just kind of gives them that sort of that sort of insights that exactly what goes on and what exactly Arab League environment should feel like the experience that those guys will get from that of will be absolutely life-changing for them every gas at rugby league, and I'm so excited. I'm so pumped to to get those guys over here and there and get Well, that's huge man. And I'm guessing you'll start favorite. So then you played Sweden twice and beat them both time. So hopefully that record continues for for your boys moving on. So we got the Griffin Griffin Cup against Germany later in the year at home. And as I understand it, this is a rivalry that sort of gone on annually in our tell me a little bit about this rivalry with Germany. Yeah. I mean, we personally there I'll be we've got a really good relationship with with the NRA. They which is National Rugby League Deutschland. Obviously of Germany. We've been obviously we've been playing this fiction ever since 2014 and it's a really really healthy rivalry for us to have with them. I believe the first game that we played was I can't believe I think I lost 70 points to 16, but then I'll last year. We actually we actually want it by comfortably by at 20 20 plus points. So I mean, I think I just shows the sort of development that we've had internally with enough. One's great. And it's yeah, absolutely and it's something that we kind of want to be working with Germany a lot in the future as well obviously comparing notes and and see where we are with each other helping out each of their own which other which I think is really important for both directions to have that so I'm really looking forward to seeing this this relationship blossomed with Germany. Am I right in saying that at a club level the German Champions play The Dutch Champions each year, or is that something that's you guys are trying to make happen. Something that's kind of been up in the air for the past couple of years. It's never never officially happened. Yeah, but what on a narrow view from on high I can't give you an exclusive content that we that we have issued this quiet quite aggressively with with German. It's about that happen this year. So fingers fingers crossed that can be known soon. But there is no official confirmation that that will happen. Yeah. Let us know if you do and will help spread the word that's awesome, man. And and I'm loving the Rivalry with Germany here because You know you telling me that you've beat them most recently, but I notice on in the Euro fixtures there in the Euro see group and you guys in the Euro D group that's got to hurt a little bit, right? It does hurt a little bit, but I do kind of understand it Germany. You've got a lot of lot of Heritage players have a really high standard in the UK and in Australia, and and I personally wish them well in that year or so. You're really do think that they'll fight Island. They'll core really won that competition. Yeah, we're do we shall battle that's the wishes to them and obviously we'll all see how they get on but you know, it's not something for us to be bitter about or anything like that it You know it is what it is and we will play our games and do the best we can do. It's a very beautiful response. I'll ask you again when I'm not recording and see if it's the same answer but that's right and speaking of Euro, of course, you got your matches against turkey home in a way, which I think will be really cool turkey's obviously pretty fairly new like newer than the Netherlands to to rugby league but the growing in Leaps and Bounds and I'm actually really impressed with what they're doing over there. I do keep in touch with with Julia. And a few of the guys over there that are really doing great things and the girls to like women's rugby league is growing very quickly in Turkey as well. What do you know much about these guys because you going to be playing two matches, you know, it's going to be important. What do you think your chances are against turkey? Well, I mean, first of all, I'll agree with you on that because after what I've seen on social media that they are doing incredibly well, you know it in their development and it's something that's That's really good Ivan that something that will realize that any development in a country of Wolfpack. It hundred percent and that's that's that's where it was developed. Nations will be at every gas the actual International itself. I've not really sure what we're expecting. It really depends on what plays get selected what heritage players are have. I know Aidan Caesar important feel Giant on the camera really Keen to play this for the third circuit some point fingers crossed. He doesn't play against those bars. Right, but I mean, but I mean it's one of them. It's all about the experience thing. I mean if it has a display, it's not a it's not an issue for us. It's a really good chance for our lives to play against, you know, a really solid professional and you know, I'll experiences is a learning curve for us. So yeah, it'll be a really good experience for us are really excited for definitely positives and negatives. If agencies are shows up, I'd love to see him play for turkey. I think he will one day of heard him Express. That he loved to represent his dad's country of birth. So I think that would be incredible. Look if he does will just briefly mention Ryan papin house and earlier. We'll see if we can get him, you know lining up for the Netherlands and then that might even things out a little bit We'll see what happens is right. Let's let's talk about your role. So you're on the board now and I guess your role is really to make sure the domestic competition grows at the Internationals. Are there that that rugby league is growing in the Netherlands like never before and I think you're already doing that. But what are the challenges that you've experienced so far coming in? Like is there anything that sort of surprise you a little bit that you need to work on? I want so much surprised. I was always kind of expecting a lot. Work in regards to challenges. It's the same as any other governing body of obviously is it simple boundaries for me stuff like not find it and use it and that sort of thing. Yeah, and there's nothing really that challenging for me as a minute, but I'm sure I'll eat them words very soon. Yeah for yeah, so I mean in regards to roll it's kind of its kind of been broken down a little bit this year. So previously used to just be the development manager, which is so I mean, that's the It's always been a massive job because it's a con so it has been split this year into competitions and national team manager which is myself and development officer, which is Hannah's obvious who lives in dordrecht in the Netherlands. So it's kind of really good relationship that we've got with each other obviously keeping Concepts all the time making sure that we're hitting you know what we are hitting these areas for development and see what we can do. We had a really good coaching and match officials cost last month, which we which we actually Record of 27 participants, which is beautiful. Pull them up nearly You Were Trouble record, which is really positive thing for us for us to do and since we've kind of got Hannah's looking looking more at the NL, you know actually being on the ground doing doing the stuff there and it's kind of me obviously hiding in a little room and the UK doing all these it's really good to have fun and we are working really well together. Sounds like a good team so far it tell me a little Lil Bit about the future then so let's talk domestically and let's talk internationally as well when I kind of want to talk short-term and long-term so I don't know how long you're going to you're going to be doing this for how long you going to be involved but you're still a young guy and I assume you've got a lot to give so what what what do you think the future looks like for the Netherlands and how do we get there? I mean in regards to short-term its shops over this easy just to make sure that we do have a successful season as follower given as much support as possible as the new club make sure that the challenges that are going to put them off in future make sure that they are happier and the do our long-term future longer term. Obviously, you know, who we have to be looking at more teams more players increasing that player for the Internationals and that is our main focus of the minutes to make sure they've got As many people as possible playing league in the Netherlands and that that is our that is our main target obviously internationally, every relation is long-term goal is to get to the World Cup. That's the same with us. Our long-term future is to get there. We do know that this, you know, it's not going to happen in the next few years. It's going to be a you know, 10 15 20 year project to get on there, but that that all starts with our long-term long-term. Sorry, I shot. So the minute with the domestic League obviously getting more players in increasing our skill levels and that's that's where we've got to start with. Do you see like, you know, we're seeing at the moment especially over in the UK a lot of clubs trying to enter League one from from all over the place. So we're here about Ottawa. We hear about New York. We hear about Red Star Belgrade. We hear about Valencia. Do you foresee a time where you know, like an Amsterdam or a Looking to enter at League one and make their way up to Super League one day. I will always say why not it's not something that we've got inspired by the minute. But yeah, why not? Why not going that not happen? I mean all we need is somebody with the big lump of cash just to show an interest in rugby league in the Netherlands and we can see what happened. I mean honestly, but personally, I wish all the best looked at off to work Valencia a red star a really really do hope these teams do do getting so New York as well. Don't forget they really do with all these things. You get in and do make a success of it. I mean not talking the success of Throne. So I mean even if you got stubble Club in ligue 1 like that's a success to me. Yeah. I mean I've spoken to Colleen Kovac. I believe we're gonna show weeks ago. He's excellent. Yeah. It is a really passionate guy of in rugby league and I really do hope it does Fight It Go overcomes those boundaries and to get red star into into League one, and I'm really excited. It it's always been it's always been a thing in my mind though that the super league has been going on for you know, maybe 20 plus years now and it's always been called the European super league and it's not it really isn't a European Super League that much of the minute or so, we've got Collins and Toronto. That's that that doesn't that that to me does not constitute a European League at the minute is yeah pretty poor. We're doing it to be hating these big cities and when we've got people like Colin and obviously guys, Lancia after work and New York getting involved. It's these guys that means to be given support, you know, was that comes from the rfl clubs are whatever these guys need need our support because they're the people that will change a game a long term. It's going to be interesting to see how it turns out and I hope one day we do get to see, you know Club from the Netherlands really, you know being able to lift to those sorts of levels as well. I think would be will be beautiful and our listeners agree with that mate. Tell me what can our listeners do to help out. I think we've touched on this personally as well before just guys just just get out there and get like sharing commenting on everything that we do. I would teams of God social media platforms on Facebook Instagram all of them and they are really well kept updated. So yeah, just get out there like Sharon and give us as much support as you can if you are over in the Netherlands, you know, if you've got a week under way in after them or and like that feel free to get in contact. With our page and we'll be more than happy to welcome you to one of our games and see what what what group believes. Although that would be excellent. If the dam is a great place and to watch some rugby league there as well. That's just the icing on the cake mate. We've got we've got a little bit of news that we'd like to share. I'll let you go. I'll let you share it actually a little bit of an exclusive from from chasing Kangaroos. And and the Netherlands are rugby league Bond, but why don't you let our listeners know? What that is? Yeah, so massive exclusive news just for you viewers the NRL be undressing Kangaroos and they were in an in an official partnership and that the chess and kangaroos podcast is the official podcast of the NRL be I'll let you cars. Let your viewers know just exactly what that hotels on the other side. So what that means is we're going to be able to bring you the listeners news from the Netherlands first whether it Results in matches and reports from from every round of the Netherlands rugby league Bond competition this year, but whether it be exclusive news related to the Internationals or anything like that, this will be the place together get it whether it be our podcast through our search social media channels. So we're going to do the best we can to try and help you guys spread the word and I know that the Netherlands is a place that has a few countries that listeners are really interested in and you know like USA Jamaica. Ah Greece and the Netherlands is one of those as well. So we're really Keen to watch you guys grow and help spread the word as much as we can really appreciate that that's brilliant really excited really excited for that partnership and obviously given the view with more of a covid Insider view exactly. What goes on the Netherlands keep you guys up to their head loving me and thanks for the opportunity final question Maddie before I let you go, man. And this one's this one's very random, but Want to I didn't I want to see what your honest opinion is. If there was one person any person in the world that we could interview on the chasing kangaroos podcast that you'd want to listen to who would that person be? I had a feeling you bring this question up one of my biggest nightmare. Is that the minute for development of Gleek? It's George DeLeon us of great with the league that the sort of boundary if I had to overcome as a governing bodies is absolutely exceptional again. It's something that we hand out our big answer in massive massive massive sort of support for them really excited to see how they go on the Rugby League World Cup next year. But yeah, I'd look. Love the hair but are exactly from charged Eliana. That is a great suggestion. George is a good friend of mine. He was on when I hosted the International Rugby League podcast. He was a guest on one of those episodes briefly, but I think that's a good suggestion. I have to chat to George and see maybe maybe closer to your eye or something like that. We'll see if George wants to come on and yeah have a full episode on Greek rugby league. I think that's an awesome suggestion. But Matt Rigby mate Netherlands rugby league, I think it's going to be a great season both domestically and internationally. I want to say a big thank you to chasing kangaroos with Us and we'll talk to you soon. Thanks for having my calves all the official podcast partners of Netherlands rugby league. They're called something there called the something Bond again. Netherlands rugby league born blind. I've never this a close as I'm ever gonna get to be James Bond. So that's it bonded from Netherlands. Rugby league Bond. Yeah. How good is any relation to you sir? Now you as well mate, you're a partner. You're definitely a part of this family and I it's going to be exciting. So plenty of stuff going on up the orange sharp the orange indeed made with some golden points this keeps up. The gold is it up the gold this keeps getting longer each week. I think I'm going to let you beat me this week just so we can like sit down next. This is just you play down to the want to do be you said you would you like to start sir. Shall I I'll start on a month way more exciting. I'm so sorry. Are you that to Twitter DM's my new super best friend favorite man, ever or woman at the underscore real underscore fully hooked me up the real flee. I know this guy. He's stitching me up here. Wants you to win. I love it. This is the same bloke by the way that he'd a kangaroo. Oh just listening to change again. Continue snacks Tigers mental a melon ages Cup champions after defeating fiji's rather Lara rabbits 32:8 at La Couture in nandini. I just realize he stitched me up by giving me the most perfectly readout. He knew I couldn't do it. And but anyway, thanks a real Flee for getting around me. I appreciate it. Thanks. Mate. Yeah third time that the Tigers have won the cup also highlights the pathways that we spoke about a few weeks ago. We've met Church Without about PNG rugby league. So some of the Les Stars Casey Dixon Charlie Simon Jr. Robbed Joe Joshua and Mark pity. They all graduated to PNG Hunters squads the hunters what this year, so, who knows? Hopefully we see me now or I'll send but that's a good one. Good one to start with an R. Golden Point. Oceania says scheduling for this year's Oceania has finally been set this you will see three double headers. So June will see round one Paul a wave of the kiwis versus a Tongan Invitational side poor B will be some More and the Cook Islands October will see around 2. It'll be Tommy Invitational versus Fiji some or will play the camels and then round 3. Also in October will be the kiwis and Fiji Papua New guinean Cook Islands and it appears once again, that will be no Grand final which is a pretty disappointing for me. I love that. It's happening a little disorganized. I love that even though Samoa so tongue is going through a whole bunch of drama, which they might be golden point about later. They're still heavily involved in this. I'll still be dead. I'll still be playing and try they'll Trying to win this thing. That's for sure. I also think there might be some more to be announced soon because I noticed that Fiji and PNG aren't doing anything during that June rep round, who knows I could be an opportunity for them to play as well to be gone. I think you have some extra to this but also it's an NRL flavor for our next NRL episode coming up to bigger parameter and penrith visit the sapphire coast and injected 5 million into the local economy and lifted the spirits of the struggling to cope after the devastating bushfires interestingly. It was a phone conversation early January between NRL CEO Todd Greenberg and New South Wales Premier Gladys / Jacqueline read that beautifully that was behind the morale boosting and economically successful trial and bigger the premier the most important person the state government said and I quote what we need you to do is begin to Todd is what the NRL does best get in and inject some into these regions and lend a hand rugby league. People are the People and the premier knows it they certainly did it five million bucks is massive the town all the towns surrounding that Sapphire coast region absolutely needed it. There's a whole 40 Festival going on Amy sharks performing. I don't know who that is, but it reminds me of a baby shark. You're a dad baby shark for sure and a birth because I'm a cool note both because you're a cool dad. Yeah. Well, I'm not gonna argue with that big man. But yeah, hopefully that's the only trial match that we speak about this week because we don't want them out. The one that had up in the have anybody that's not it. Oh, yeah, that's fine too golden point. So let's go to France. So successful both Pro French rugby league clubs last weekend. So in the Super League Jim Maloney sealed the deal with a last-minute try and catalans 29 to 20 for victory over Hull FC. The dragoons are dragons are there proven they can win tough ones away from home, which is really good. It's been difficult for them in the past and they also make it to from to with easy for now. So I read into that what you like, I mean while in the championship Toulouse Olympic this is technically to go on and points mate, but I'm going to put Together salut salut Peak they remain undefeated with a 42 for shellacking of cumbrian Club hoof Whitehaven in round 4. We all wait for them to lose in Samoa. The mareth Saints men's and the appium Maroons women's have taken out the owners of the fourth Belmar poorest. Fantastic League 9 series Eldon path a Gua you pull over the weekend at the real flee give you this one as well. The tournament featured 10 men's teams and 3 women's teams and one of the largest 9s competitions held in Some other awesome. I love it golden point to Serbia. So where the season pre are the season preview began with some trials over the weekend. So some huge win for our two favorites. So I remember you saying last week, you're all over partisan. Oh great. I've got part of some they got a massive win 64 and Neil against ribbon. The juniors are coming up the Juniors have won competitions this week as well. This is another double golden point. I'm going light on you and then Red Star Belgrade. So my guys 92 nil, you know taking it my God. I'd rather dork autograph. A girl said that he drove a mate tigers in Serbian just so you know. All right. There's a you know, you're you're also translating for us. That's unreal. I'm getting better. I'm getting better. But yeah, Serbia great things season about to kick off. Okay, well from great news to sad news and back to the sad State of Affairs in tongue International Rugby League the IRL can confirm that Tony National Rugby League has appealed that decision to take that expulsion. And so that whole thing continues is Due process happening, but we'll see how that pans which explains the whole Invitational 13 happening again this year for Oceana. It's going to take a while. Hopefully it's cleared up by the time the World Cup comes around. We've got 18 months or so to figure it out. But yeah, it's going to be interesting times Bible keep everyone up to date, of course golden point to Spain. So Valencia hurricanes, they've announced another friendly in May. So this one's going to be against the keighley Cougars and this match is subject to our FL approval. Of course. And I might add hats off to the Cougars as well who have a partnership with California youth rugby league as well. So keep hashtag girl in the game cougars this moment the same thing would have used completely different things monster the great state of friendship where the espanyol rugby league has this week announced the Spanish men's team are going to the Philippines. Was that where you just were? No that was that but we use that last fight aren't animal man. Do you ever listen to this? Why do you I do but why didn't you call it the Friendship the inaugural friendship cup, that's what I read in that excited because I feel like you're going to do that's your thing. I felt like you're just going to come a bit of banter. So I be here we are man he rented car. Well, I'm taking it as a thing because you should have used friendship. Now. You have to go again. Come on to Liverpool. You probably did this one as well. This is a Peru one. I did. This is not just a second ago. You don't listen to this show the Brazil and Peru one was last week. How come you impressed? How come you say stuff before? It happens on their website because I know everything I might be updated because I'm a little tip chasing kangaroos Instagram page before you check my try not to I feel like I'm then definitely gonna double up. Okay to Boone Dale Queensland. I don't have this. Yes. Finally, we're league players and personalities have been helping children. Learn the love of reading. This is definitely not one of your little big team won for sure be burned our state public school believe readers are Achievers and they demonstrate this every year with their reading program. It's reading in pajamas night that little school encourages you to be reading before you go to sleep and so whole bunch of queens and and RL identities and personalities are up there. Going to schools or doing clips and and stuff around that that's great. I'd suggest a recording in pajamas night for this podcast passing out of Charmers is just my Underpants and I don't know how much I would feel about that. Yeah, he's laughing at you right now. He would love to see it. Here we go much higher. I golden Point Toronto. I'm not going to talk about the score line or anything like that because you know, I'm sure when is just around the corner. They haven't been having much luck on the field, but I do want to say their marketing department is getting some W's off the field. So the Canadian Club Had been kill Nia and Jack Wells to their squad on one month loans from Wigan recently and the pack of copying some Flack for this from a lot of the flat cappers as well over there, but it hasn't stopped the club from getting in on the joke themselves. So after announcing that they've signed Wolfie, which is Warrington. Oh, yeah GI for a one-match loan. They did lose 32 zip to the Saints. I've said I was going to mention it but they play designed. Anyway, I'm going to yeah, there we go. Here's another one. You definitely don't have to Macquarie uni Sports ground where the Bauman Tigers beat the North Sea He bears in there Howard Matt's rap game because I'm just searching for Stuff You couldn't possibly have and the rep Brands and yourself. Well as exciting for me because bombing Target is still playing in it the best did score in the bill, but they still lost 22:16 good Target. So, you know me. Well, you know, I'm too busy watching Junior games from partizan Belgrade not Junior games from Bombay and oil Sydney. Yeah. So there you go a golden Point International. So the IRL board announced updates the international eligibility rules. There's it. Look it's pretty much the pretty similar to what has been. A few changes. So electing to represent a country as change from playing for that country to being named in a nineteen man squad or final tournament Squad in a section section 9s competition for that country. So what that means is an example. So last year kahlan ponga, well sort of mean Ronaldo mullet Arlo represented the USA at the nines World Cup, and then he represented some or in the oceanic Army under the new rules. That won't be allowed in the same calendar year in so that's one example calendar. Yeah. So the other rule is that players are Not represent Australia or New Zealand if they have elected to represent Great Britain or vice versa. So example last season we saw Blake Austin Jackson Hastings Lachlan Coop are playing for the Great Britain Lions under the new rule. They would have they wouldn't be able to play again for the kangaroos. They would forgo their chances. Sorry to play for the kangaroos in future if they chose the lines. It's then you go you go but kalimpong is okay because I know he did nines for Australia, but he'd be able to now play for New Zealand in the next calendar year. Is that what it means? Well, you can't play you if you play for Australia, you can never play for New Zealand vice versa England include I can't grant program. Okay to the hospital. Whoah, wheres Nev block a road became a grandfather last weekend. So congratulations to the big man. This is just going to be Tigers news. It's the antenna ensuring you don't have them. I'm also in sad news. That's my last comment was it boy girl. Do we have any names? I didn't ask if it looks a bit much. Okay. There you go, because I found The tweet and I didn't wanted then pry into people's private lives. Is that really your last one? That's where you want to read some of mine. No, I probably can read them with my own iPad from last week when we go. Let's go a few more so and up to the NRL golden point. So we're gonna have a narrow one in there. But the captain's challenge rule has been rubber-stamped for this season after success during the trials and I thought as a referee you might have an opinion on that on the spot. I have an opinion on it. I can't wait to see how it works. Yeah. See Frost over at the other day that the All-Stars game because it was you it was used in a really great. Yeah opportunity. I would love to see it mainly just for score. I would love one you were they do it just for only in point-scoring situations and there's no bunker unless you ask for it. Yeah. Yeah. I've been interesting worried about it, but I don't know if that's more successful less successful. I just would love to say what that looks like for you. I think I'm with your dad's to the Theta and the drama but I'm I'm usually against this sort of stuff. I don't want more referees more touchy. He's more ways to rule on things more stoppages. I don't want that but something about this I kind of I think it's going to be entertaining. So this is we do we're going to bring that up next week in RL 1 kilo watt want to say about it. Yeah, let's save it till them my favorite event so golden point to Peru and this is an up on their website yet. So don't use it next week, but proof 100% years in next week for rugby league have announced that they will be holding their pioneering match in Lima this year. So the game between Lobos and the command is side will hopefully be For all to see so congratulations to Jamie present a team for getting this one off the ground when Jamie was on the podcast last year. He identified having a match like this in Peru being a key objective in the short term for them. So well done, Jamie and Cohen, if you're always either that one go all the way back. So 26 of changing you think of that well done. There you go. You know what's really weird is that I listen to you reading it and I listened to the podcast during the week and that's still don't remember which ones who've done. I'm not reading it. What are you talking about? It's all of the top layer and I'm going to believe that nothing will we've got witnesses. The golden Point whales so mixed results for the to Welsh clubs in the opening round of ligue 1. So West Wales rate is going down to hardens let 5210 but North Wales Crusaders with a huge 42:16 victory over London Scholars. I like keeping tabs on how they're going. It's going to be a tough one for the Raiders. Oh, but hopefully the Crusaders can do some special things in League one and final final golden point the day, you know of player that you really like had a baby player. Yeah. So Mark has down just killing the Ames go to New York say last week we spoke. At the likelihood that Ottowa will become the second night in rugby league club accepted into the English pyramid system and everyone's been asking me about your experience anyway and question started flooding in about New York's chances now as well. So a few sources including our friend Nate Gladden from rugby league in America podcast have indicated that New York are aiming to enter the challenge cup or 1895 Cup in 2021 because it looks likely that they won't be accepted that year, but I really hoping that it happens for 2020. Me too. Okay, so a little bit disappointing but I kind of think that the cavity silk Tales From Fiji it took petrol and the guy is like five years to make that happen. So, you know good things happen to those. Who wait. Yeah. I hope it does happen for them. But made that's golden points for this week. Unless you have anything else you want to add. Well, no, but I mean it's taking up with we keep talking to petrol about coming on and it's taking us five years to get the poor. Who knows we'll get there eventually. I have a good feeling about him, but we've got it we've got plenty of good stuff coming up including next week. We've got a very special guest that I won't mention just yet. A very special guest joining us for our only NRL episode for the Year little once a year. We break the rules. It's going to be Q&A from you guys. So looking forward to that one as always. Thanks tumor Cho for mixing and producing this one. He's actually can we say it? Yeah, look at me is that completely he doesn't care whatever. He's getting married next weekend. Yeah, we're gonna have we're gonna have to do it without my child for a few wall heat. Well, let's anyway poor choice of language there, but we're going to do it without Mercy. Let's not talk about who's doing who lighting time, but thanks, man. Oh train, congratulations and good luck very lucky man. And I yeah mask or Browns. So today year 20. I've got to mention last week but 2020 2020 vision for 10% off that mask or Browns.com. They're also selling some that. Are you hurt? Someone's training gear? I saw it's not California rugby league's they're selling heaps of training gear get on there. Let's check it out. I saw something on Instagram is probably probably gonna take the ganger Earth. I read an excerpt going to go the point guys. Don't all good. Well, we'll be back next week biggest. Thanks for Mia get closer to the Metro congratulations and fuck, you know Gotti.