Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky Balboa AKA Sylvester Stallone talking about how to keep moving forward in life today on this podcast. I'm going to interview somebody that I think exemplifies some of that phrasing there somebody who has taken some risks and just keeps moving forward and working to gentleman The name of Garrett Douglas of the band fourth and orange that'll be the first half of our podcast. Here's a day. We interview him have a fantastic conversation. I'm excited for you to be able to hear then in the second half of our podcast. What we'll do is we'll go ahead and give you a little snippet of every regular rock song that we're aware of that came out over the past week specifically by last Friday. We'll play some of it will give you our take on it. Then we'll go over the latest and Cassandra garage news will give you a little positive thought of our own to give you another piece of positivity to round this whole podcast off and let you go about your day in a more positive way. And with that let's get to our interview with Garrett Douglas of 4th and orange. Corner strolling up and gonna waste no, it's going up going up to my face is in my blood. I can never get enough never get enough got a big it up. Got it. Yo, yo yo, yo, it's your boy JB with reggae 360. This is our podcast for The Vibes. This is episode number 11 of season 2 and I'm sitting here in the studio with a very special individual Evan AKA gotta work to e gotta grind to shine Mister It's a Long Way to the Top but I'll see you there. Mr. Gets me laying in the cut staying in his own lane himself Evan. You're malev. What up, dude? JB after that intro I'm doing great man. That's good to hear me. You look great. You look like you're doing great. I'm doing great and I tell you one reason why I'm doing great Evan and why I'm so excited why you can just hear that exuberance in my voice. It's because I'm here joined by another very special individual the lead singer of the freshest newest thing coming out of the mecca of reggae rock culture Long Beach a man representing a band with an Unstoppable team behind him catch him hanging out with the music industry's elite prepping for or the culture catch him stirring up Good Vibes and SoCal reggae rock music Ketchum, unifying the people through his music catching doing numbers on YouTube Catching with the largest reggae rock festival crushing life catch him in 2020 hitting it hard like it owes him money man. The newest hottest up-and-coming sensation Garrett Douglas lead singer of forth an orange Garrett. What up, man? Man, are you just naturally counting at any everyone has their gift that was my give me that's that's all I got man. But hopefully it lived up to the hype and certainly well-deserved Garrett and much appreciation man. I'm very glad you could take the time to talk to us today and let the people know man. What do you got going on right now? Where you at paint a picture man? What's going on in this moment your life. Honestly, man, we just done with a show from Arizona roots and we took a little break. Oh man, dude, that sounds like you're living the life. Yeah, Arizona Roots. Whoo, man, just just It's on the highlights on Instagram and everything due to just it looks so epic man. And and I know that that's a, you know a big deal to be able to play that Festival. How did it go for you man? Did it didn't meet your expectations man. You guys if you feel like you guys represented. Well man. Did you did you just enjoy that moment or what? We definitely felt like we represent them correctly. We went out there professionally we rehearsed about 5 days a week, but I last two months straight we did what we had to do. We we use when it comes to sound. Those things sound different when you're in a outside environment versus when you're inside of a place like Hotel Cafe near speakers and every and every corner of the room, so we definitely found out things we need to do to improve and that's what it's all about. I think man, I think we're just ready to hit the next door dude. I hear that man. That's a that's awesome. Yeah, it sounds like that that I never even thought about that man the difference between playing outside versus playing inside, but I'm sure you guys Will have many many more outdoor shows to be able to practice that thing that you learned and just to let the people know man. You are the lead singer of forth and orange you the man with the pipes. Did you got the voice now the rest of the band couldn't be here, but just let the people know man, who else is part of 4th and orange man talking about your your team your squad for a little bit here man. Who who else is in the band man? I got a I got a neck like an amazing group of Tools I've got a drummer by the name of Sam Ward and come from Boston. He actually graduated from Berkeley for music as a drummer. So he's pretty badass suit and and I got Ricky Santiago. He's my lead guitarist. He's from Riverside California. Very talented guy. Very smart do engineering smart all the way around when it comes to music. I guess Direction and stuff like that and then I got my man Alex burn. In Steam, and he's the one that's on the base and he comes all the way from Brazil dude. So he's here with an awesome visa and he's here to work and he's here to create Vibes and he's an awesome big and he's all over and all the way around and then I got my boy and high school friends. And eventually it came on to Fourth and orange just where we're at now man. So those are the guys on my on my squad for as long as the band go to then, you know, we got Atlantic Records and we got as our record label, which is phenomenal because we feel like we're you know being backed by a machine and I think that's what they are so we couldn't be any more grateful and then we also have you know, Latium artist is my management and my management team Chucky Chava's the leading man on here. It's pretty amazing man. We wheel and a lot of things that we wouldn't expect a man because of how hard that they work so all around but we gotta sleep through the you know machine working with gears and different departments. And as long as everybody does their job, I think we're going to be pretty Unstoppable. Yeah, man, that's a hell of a squad. There's plenty man. As you were talking I was thinking do my research you talked about Ricky man the guitarist actually on his Instagram. He does some insane covers man. I saw him playing like Mac Miller. Childish Gambino, I mean the dudes is sanely talented and shit. I bet everybody in the band is on that level and you talked a little bit about lady. Mm. I'm fascinated by that management team at Chuck E cheese avez, and some of the some of the label mates are or people that are kind of under that umbrella man. I would imagine you guys get into all kinds of interesting opportunities as a result of that and I know in fact that you have some some very talented. I don't know if you call them label mates, but is it is it a Ally Brooke is she also part of lady. I'm is that right? Yeah, she's also part of laddie. I'm as well. And the thing is she said she is actually technically are labeled me too, but she's actually with Atlantic as well. So the same thing happened to her happened to us and our manager, dude. Me and Ally at separate times the situation that we're in now so management. Dude, that's amazing man. I'm honestly like I can't wait to see you know, like in 2020 2021 what what you guys are able to do because you know in this role man, I'm a fan of anything that even you know falls under reggae whatever the sound is if there's even a hint of an influence of Reggae I have appreciation for it and I see a lot of different bands. I see a lot of talented bands that don't have that team behind them that don't Have that Network that don't have those connections and I've seen some bands that started out without those connections and then work their way up and it sounds like you guys have that team behind you and that's that's so crucial for anybody that's representing reggae rock man, because you guys are now in a position to be able to Branch out and really Elevate the genre and that's exciting to me as a fan of as a fan of the music. So yeah, dude, that's just I'm that's pretty dope that that you guys are well connected. Acted like that. How did that come about? I'm curious like how did that how did that relationship how did that connection kind of develop? You know man, I actually I've been doing different types of music my whole life and I started off being hip-hop dude. I'm from Long Beach, California. So, you know, so I was a rapper by the name of Beach Boy for a long my beginning years of learning and then I just dropped my voice on a reggae record that I got one day in the end and it was the song. Like Ali but I got that Rhythm online. Yes made a reggae song dude. I just I just wanted to do what I expected myself to do on any type of beat that I ever get on and I ended up uploading it to the internet and man the reaction I got back from that song versus the reaction. I got back from my rap music it was it was a whole different vibe for me like it would the audience is whiter. The people's eyes were brighter. People were just more excited about how I found it. The Renegades that I did on hip-hop so I just got a molded myself over to man right guys always been a part of me like Sublime do what I want to say is like my dad. What I felt was right in my heart and in my heart man right now help me explain my life easier to people and I think people listen to us and feel a little bit more relaxed with their life. So I guess my mission is being served when I do this kind of genres and that's what's really good with the Atlantic deal that we got because not too many reggae acts that are my tears lands a major deal and it's sad to me man because reggae is such a great jarrah that I wish I heard a lot more of it on the way, but I have to go and get Spotify out and plug my auxiliary cord and just so I can get some Reggae because in Los Angeles and Southern California van is not any reggae stations out man if I want to hear something like KROQ. A lot of really good people that are high up there in the industry. And I think with the plug that we got man Atlanta is going to help to John ra take the next level and the next level is getting on the radio and being a crossover act and shout out to my manager Chucky child as who actually took Latium and you made it a partnership with Atlantic and that's what enabled me to deliver him my music after he found me on Hawaiian radio station. He took my music to Krakow man the president of Panic, and he asked them like if I oversee their project, can we get them a deal and basically we're working hard to compete with everything else that's out there. But I think we're doing a pretty good job. Awesome Garrett. You know what? I'm sure it's not just a connection. So I mean just speaking personally man your musics fantastic as well. I took a deep dive on some of the stuff you had out on SoundCloud A man your Vibes always been there. Definitely appreciate. Everything that you've done so far, but I mean you mentioned that reggae rock really isn't out there the way it could be. Do you see, you know, maybe yourselves if you're able to go ahead and get this big deal you blow up. Do you see the genre moving in a positive direction potentially as a result? I honestly I do man. I do as long as as long as people don't over saturate it man because anything that's good always gets always seems to get oversaturated sometimes and I just hope everybody really stays true to who they are that way that way we can Thrive here as reggae artist because once we start, you know mixing in politics and mixing and stuff that doesn't apply to what we're trying to deliver as a message. It starts getting clouded the message starts getting a little You know blurry, I think if everybody stays to of themselves and we really focus on what we're trying to deliver which reggae music felt love about Unity is about lessons about life. Don't we do that kind of stuff man? I think we're going to be we're going to be good as a driver man that the people from here on out, you know, they got all of us to listen to just like I had the blind to listen to to learn from and continue on I feel like as long as everybody focuses on what they really want to like and talk about that in a positive. Direction then I'm going to be good man. Damn bro. That's awesome. And that's you know, I just I love the answer that you gave when you were talking about Bradley Nowell and that influence and also when you're talking about what reggae music is being about the love and I can hear in your voice man that passion you talked about how reggae music helped you explain your life. I think those were your words but something like that, but how it just kind of represented you more than anything else. I feel that dude. I feel that so much man. That's why I love it. That's why I love the genre. That's why whenever I put it on man. It brings me up. Its uplifting it helps people like overcome things man. It's just so pure dude. And that's why I love the fact that you're in the position that you are and that you have that passion made that makes me stoked dude. I appreciate that. Man, I appreciate you guys. I appreciate it. Well life is talking that I kind of had it for a long time and then you know through music not specifically reggae but just to music and I was free and then when I did come across make reggae, oh my God, man. I just like you said my soul started flying and I'm like, yo, I've never felt this happy my life like ever It might burn past man. I'm at my highest high right now with this genre and I don't think I'm going to come down. I think I want to stay here for the rest of my life. Dude. You know, I like it. I like it. You know, what's funny to is you mentioned one of the first songs like reggae songs. You try was a rhythm from a Collie Buddz song. Yeah actually now going to perform with Kylie buds are open for him. Right? That's that's coming this month in March. He has an opening for kind of buzz you that's wild bro. That's awesome man. That's That's got to be a trip man. I haven't got a chance to tell him and I saw him and one love Kelly at Long Beach on my phone a couple times before that and I kind of want to walk. I think I'm going to next month that were on tour with him about eight shows. I think we have I'm going to walk up to him and I'm just going to have that YouTube open man. I want to display them what I did in high school. They don't know how much I appreciate them and how much I've learned from the guy dude Beyonce. Card is a drink. It's not every day that you admire somebody and you use their music to make your own and then you end up being on stage with him. It doesn't happen every day. So I feel like when I'm stuff happens, you got to walk up soon pay a little homage. Let him know how much you appreciate it. Absolutely. Yeah, and I'm actually I met Kelly Buzz man. He he did a show on a cruise like a cruise around the Boston Harbor. I think this is like a couple of years ago one of the nicest most genuine. He's most people when he walked up to man. He's just kind of emitting positivity man. He's got a vibe to him. So I hope that moment happens then I hope you get to go to him and and and tell him that and that'll be man. That'll be a pretty pretty dull moment and actually doing my research man. I noticed you guys have been kind of making some connections man in the industry. I saw you got the chance to meet like Rome Ramirez. I'm curious man are there some People in the industry that you've been able to kind of link up with or anyone's reached out to you or any kind of relationships. You guys are kind of building now, maybe a plane at some of these festivals. Is there anyone out there that's showing you guys extra love and thing like that man. We got a we got a few people. Definitely Rome Ramirez. I talked to him like on a comment on Instagram maybe like maybe like two weeks prior to one love going down and I just hit him up. Like hey yo Rome. Your analog sound is amazing man. I'm looking forward to incorporating more of that analog sound into my music this year and then he just like comments back to me like yo, man, you can't go wrong without a with analog like let's get and make this get together and make something fire and I just read the comment like yo, that's amazing that he would even reach reach out or reach back to me do it and then out of nowhere do we perform on stage at One Love? And when I'm getting off, I dropped the mic and I give the mic back to the sound guy. And there he is man. Just standing on the stage with a the joint is hand just watching us perform do it and I got to meet him right there. And another thing that was really humbling than to see that like you can be up there and you still keep your ear to the ground. You still keep your humbleness. You still keep your head small and appreciate the new and upcoming guys just like us and forever. I'll learn from that day and I'll know that like when we become famous, And and well-known, I'm always going to keep my head small and always remember the little guy that's on the up and up. And other than that man. You know, I've had a good path with reggae already before forth and Lawrence. Oh, well, I've done my I've done my job as far as networking and the past and like I've already had songs with Eric the lead singer of Revolution. I have a song called distractions with him and so seeing the Yeah, man. So see you in a new artist like I'm still work. On it. We're still like working our way around the VIP section and and introducing and shaking hands but Warren G dude, I would say Warren G is the the most respected person so far that they accept that I've met man. He dropped his drop the verse on on the remix of in the LBC that's going to be dropping dude. I'm letting you guys have a little sneak peek right now because I don't think anybody knows about it, dude. Damn, dude, that's love right there man. Warren G on the in the LBC remix. Yes, dude. You heard it here first. Hell. Yeah, dude. That's that's that's that's so dope man. It's funny that you mentioned Romer near Rome Ramirez, man, like kind of having his eye on you guys. That's funny being he's always Rome is always connected with like I feel he's connected with the next wave of music. I mean, he's got fresh fresh goods. Music you know the the label management company man where he's always kind of scout new talent and and you guys are obviously already spoken for but I feel like he definitely keeps his his ear to the ground when it comes to the newest thing you talked about, you know getting off and smoking a joint. Is it is it true that you guys had a half pound blunt on stage at One Love Is that am I getting that right? It was a half pound joint. Yeah, I want to do a collaboration with you guys before you guys get out on stage for one. You know look up Dynasty. I have them quite tag quite often on my Instagram and any ways to build up with a suitcase. He popped open the suitcase and there's two huge cabins just in there and I'm like, what is this? What is this time? Pull it out and it's a half pound blunt. Do what like 16 different. What are those back would put together on it bro, and then he at the base of it was $100 bills, but they weren't actual bills. They were look they look like bills but they were wrapping papers. So the wrapping papers were all over the bottom with $100 bills in those a half pound blunt, man it that thing went on for like 2 hours dude. That's wild. That's why the yeah I saw so that's our Dynasty. Yeah. I definitely would have got very very faded man. That would make it that would make it very difficult for me to perform but you guys obviously yourself maybe maybe you know, Brookie, you know, I have found blunts not Already off your game is so so that's that's pretty dope man. I was pretty dull. I got a question for you. Just thinking about where like just hearing your story and think about these situations that you're in man. Like is there ever a moment where you kind of have to like take a step back and be like damn like is this real like like it seems like like you're in these situations so quickly so early on in your career like Why is there a part of you that's like man, I don't really know how to explain it but there's ever seem like surreal and you kind of have to like Snap yourself back into it to be like nah, man. This is real. This is happening. We're doing the damn thing. Like do you ever have moments like that man? You just like kind of going along with the journey. no, I totally you asked the right question, but I totally understand what you're asking because it was just too many of those moments where I'm just like wait, hold on we're performing at one love like as our first show like that the most epic reggae concert in my hometown ever to go down like you're telling me that our first Festival ever going to be there and man these opportunities come up like this bro to the point where I'm like, I'm just rolling with the punches. Like you said man. I'm just rolling with the punches. But at the same time when I get home, I got this little apartment that I just tell my couch and I Ponder and I and I bring myself back down to the ground do it and realize that the MS some things are dreaming. Some things are just meant to be drained until you living it bro, and I'm living it now do so. If you don't have your hands out you can't receive God's Gift man, and I just keep my arms open and when they fall and they made by I just hold him close to my heart and I roll with them. And I give it all I got because my family needs me. My parents really need me. They've been financially struggling since I was a kid and now man I'm able to take care of them doing it. And then this is what I've always wanted to do. So I'm going to do it as well as I can do it. That's awesome, man. Okay, you just seemed like such a genuine like down-to-earth dude man, then and it makes me happy that you're in the position that you're in right now, especially, you know talking about the you know fact that Now take care of your family. You can you can help grow. The genre man you have like it just seems like you got a good head on your shoulders, man. And I feel like with your talent and and the people on your team and the sky's the limit. So speaking of that man. We're definitely going to be ruined from the sidelines. But what do you have? What do you have lined up for the people for 2020 man? What are some of your goals? Maybe this year beyond what are some things you're looking at next what's next for for with an orange? I think the big I think the big thing for us man. It's like it's growing now like we did our job as far as Mouth did you need the fan and the label can provide all else except for your growth and they can definitely provide avenues like you guys thank you guys reggae 360 for having us here and simple things like this that we need to be doing. Otherwise, we miss an opportunity to grab one fan 2 fans 500 fans 1000 fans, whatever. It is, man. It's all contributing to our our growth man and 2020 has to be about that. So So definitely, I would say going out there and giving it all we got and providing the fans with the vibe that we provide ourselves when were in the studio. And other than that meant doing as many interviews as we can and just getting our names out there. Basically what 2020s got to be about that way 20:21 can be about seeing those fans in the audience when we go out there because as of lately man, yeah, we've had a had a great turnout for shows, but it could be better and I think Everything could always be better. So that's definitely the plan for court the noise. That's awesome man. What well said. Well, I hope many blessings come your way and and in 2020 and interesting couple weeks ago. We were talking to Greg shells from from cashed out and he said, you know one fan just one new fan man could be a fan for life and they could ride or die with your band away for life. Do so sounds like Brick by Brick baby. That's maybe that's the way to do it, you know one fan at a time. And certainly you have brought you got a couple here today man Between Heaven and I you got two new lifelong fans man. Absolutely. Hey, then my Sunday is even better than bad. I appreciate you guys so much. Hell yeah, brother. Have you got anything man? I'm just I just love this experience. I mean every interview super positive super great, but I just I just love the vibe of this conversation man everybody. So happy here is phenomenal. Good to hear the story of somebody man. You never really know until you talk to somebody you can see him. That's why we love this podcast man, because we want the fans to hear your voice. And you know now they're getting the opportunity to kind of just just see how genuine you are man. And there's so many more things that we could talk about. But it's like there's this conversation just been organic. And yeah, man, I'm just I'm stoked for 2020 and I'm really looking forward to hearing this morning G verse man. That's that's going to be big and he any timeline on that any type of Yeah, yeah should be rolling out about March 20th, dude, so you want us to wait too long? March 20th, I like it man. Right right about the time you guys are going to be playing with Collie Buddz Manda things coming out. So it's going to be a good Mars for you guys and actually shit. I've got one question. You guys might be the only reggae rock band now to put your music in a box, but the only band that affiliates with reggae rock music that has a tick tock. I hope I never have seen that before and I could be speaking incorrectly. There could be a bunch, but just I've never seen it. I've seen you guys, you know, Reverend Talk on Instagram. How's that going, man? You guys getting like like interaction on Tick Tock. Is that like a new Avenue should other bands and the reggae rock World be looking at that and in doing the same thing man, or how's that going? Honestly, man, I'm going to tell you like this man. It's a this world is a young man if the young man and I guess Young Person's world. Yes, like the young people rule this world. It'll always be that way. So you always have to remember man that times change music change single are shorter now because of attention spans and stuff like that. So Tick Tock has been taken over the world. I don't know if you guys know but some of the highest grossing singles are on the list. That's all. Hickok tunes and like on Spotify man. Those are what's hitting. Those are the ones that are are doing the best Selena Gomez is the dances and for us it's all it's all the strategy man like the label definitely giving us pointers and telling us that we don't have to but it would be good for the band if you guys grew on Tick Tock and we listen to what Atlantic has to say. There's a reason why Atlantic Records Atlantic Records, they give us are Pointers and we either oh do what we don't and particular like we do and we got a bunch of great feedback. We got so many views on a couple of them and it's been growing a fan base. So honestly, I would love to tell every other band or a reggae artist that doing what they're doing to take a look at it see what you can fit in and if it's your thing if it's not then don't do it, but if it's your thing man, it's a fun thing to do and it's a great way to make new fans with the young kids. Oh, yeah man Thomas time. Evolving and maybe better evolve with it. So that's pretty I was pretty cool to see that's just one thing that caught my eye was like, oh man, these guys are these guys are doing some little bit different and that's dope get I respect that big time. I'm trying to think man how how we can wrap up this conversation and I think one way I'd like to do it man. Is anybody that's listening to our podcast and heard this man talk is gonna go. Listen. They're going to go to iTunes or going to go to Spotify. They're going to search for the norns. You're going to listen to your music. They're going to go to you. YouTube maybe check out on Tick Tock go to your Instagram follow you guys. I'm curious man. What would you say to anybody? That's about to go on that Venture man that maybe heard this conversation. That could be a new fan. That's about to go check you guys out. What words do you want to give them before we hit we wrap up here. Honestly, man, the words that I want to give them it's like do what you do don't do what they do because you do what they do you already failing there's obviously reggae is been done by everybody else. So what new what new elements can you bring to this old genre that we've been that we've been embarking on like, you know on stage show them why you significant and just be true to yourself. You don't need to be caught. Somebody else you can obviously learn from somebody else but you know your yourself and it's easy to be yourself than it is to try to be anybody else. And I think that would be the only message that I got just go out there and when you stand on that stage you leave everything that you have you have the you that you own and that you represent right there on that stage. So the person that's Watching You Can Be Inspired to hopefully change their lives and make better but their next days and yes, dude. Yes. I love it bro. That's that's good. Me pumped up man. Well, I tell you what, that's a that's a good that's a good point to wrap up garan. And and man. I don't want this thing to end here dude. I want you to stay in touch with reggae 360 with J-B and Evan over here man, and as 2020 unravels and we want to get you back and just kind of you know, stay close managed you guys continue to just put out good music and growing grinding anything that we can do for you man record these 60s here to help out man to help spread your music to help spread your Vibe. So Keep that in mind man. And on that note Gary just net has been a blessing appreciate your time and they got man stay stay doing anything, dude. Absolutely, if I'm ever in you guys in the area and I come by I'll try to bring one of them half-pounders with me and we'll get little Binding Together brother. Yes do done. I love it master plan. All right, homie, stay off Garrett. Peace. Thank you guys for having me dude. Peace out for show piece. Take the elevator up butterflies in my God help you pay for the girl next time. She got off the elevator on the third floor. Maybe I should ask her name cause I don't wanna be no stranger to the Girl Next Door. Well hot damn have and I was a hell of an inter view wasn't an interview. It was a conversation. It's a conversation between three people that just have a passion for reggae music reggae rock music and one of them just happens to be insanely talented in music and a hell of a singer okay for than Orange. Definitely buy stock now because that stock is just going up and up and up 2020 is going to be a big year. So man. I'm so blown away dude. It just how real the Duke are wasn't I love the story. I love the energy. I love the position that he's in and they're just such a unique band given the fact that they've got that team behind them. Latium Wreckers is they're doing something they know what they're doing. Landed they know they're doing man. So for the noise is doing all the right things and how doing the for the vice podcast that's on the top of the list baby Evan. What did you think? I think you're spot on JB great conversation. Great, dude. Make it big waves in the market out there today. I don't know. I'm excited. I'm speechless clearly. I'm excited to see what they have common. I mean so far they've just dropped you. Whole bunch of different kind of singles and a few songs here and there I'm excited to see what happens when they put out a full album. You know, I'm excited to see them live someday when they come out here. I'm just I'm excited smoke that have found blunt. I'm a little excited about that too. Yeah. Well, you're just an excited dude today man. I like it Lulu. There's a lot to be excited about and what I'm excited about is some of this music that came out last Friday, man. We got some gems we got some absolute. Bangers do some real good new music and what we're gonna do for the second half of this podcast after you were blessed with that dope interview as we're going to go ahead and play some of this music we're gonna let you know what came out. We're going to give you a heartache on it. We're going to give you a little review. We're just going to keep this thing moving and if you guys are lucky man, we might we might give you a positive thought of the week if you're lucky if you stick around if you like our post and yeah, maybe we'll give you a positive out of the week. But right now we're Going to do is just play some good music man that but I'm looking at this list and I'm excited man. When I think of the music that came out Friday one song just the collaboration on it just blew me away and that's bumping uglies man, Florida showers featuring The for The Vibes podcast veteran Leilani wolf Graham, who? Awesome heat man. a cycloid showers shearing gone within the hour loving her gives her the power comes and goes by Florida showers. The smile on her face mask the pain in her eyes went wide like Mary every single time you come around. Broken, but she don't wanna be fixed by the best but she's lying on the medicine. She's supplying it. Man, it's a goddamn shame that we couldn't have played that song long enough for you to hear Leilani both grams part, but that was Brandon Hardesty crushing. It also a veteran of the for the vice podcast one of our most listened-to episodes by the way, Brandon Hardesty the man the myth the legend but he's such a fucking songwriter such a Storyteller in these Tyler. He's talking about a complicated woman. I'm assuming that's how I interpreted it. It okay and Leilani wolf Graham, like she's one of the realest female artist in the sense of like she she opens up the curtains and lets you see everything going on behind the scenes. She's real. She puts her wears her heart on her sleeve and her lyrics they're true. They talk about, you know, just like every human being is flawed. She opens that up and her music is about that and and I think like you know it Much as we want to live in this like storybook world where everybody just falls in love like that, you know and everything's just great like the truth is man people are complicated and you know, there are people that are working through some things. I just feel like this song like Taps into that and I think we've all either known someone like that or maybe bend that person a little bit, you know, and this on just like hits you invented to listen to Brandon and they lie Oniy on the same song. I'm just like this. This was what the people needed. This was the collaboration that people needed and it's just like further validating how dope bumping uglies is the fact that they linked up with the Leilani wolf Graham. I mean she is a goddess to she is like like out of this world super talented like and when we talked on the podcast in issues, one of the coolest fucking people, so combine that with Brandon higher see me got a recipe. For a very good song very good everyone you thing I mean Brandon Hardesty Master songwriter right there Master Storyteller anytime you have a song that he's a big part of you're going to hear something that really makes you think about maybe stop with stuff that you've been places. You've been you're going to relate to him a little bit. Maybe I'd say anyone who enjoys that Vibe should look that song up. And just listen to Leilani wolf grams Barton really take that whole vibe in and put it in little present put it in your pocket and take it out whenever you just you really have a some time to listen to a good song take that whole vibe in all of it. Anyways, sorry moving on dude some other reggae rock royalty bless us with some new music. You know what we got here man. This is the Expendables with lives and love. This is maybe maybe it's lives and loves our lives and loves. I don't know it's lives and loves their lives and loves. I don't know if it's just spitballing here. Alright. Yeah, I guess we'll find out in a moment shit. Lives and loves. How would that even make sense dude, Maybe? We're regular. Those with the fries. Can you tell me? Are you gonna find your way? Damn, bro. That's all I has everything everything that you could ever want. The Expendables have been doing this thing for a long time. And I love when a band has been doing it for a long time comes out with new music and you can hear that sound evolved. You know, this is the new Expendables. This is a song that I could play all repeat man. I love the vibe. I love the energy the lead singer of The Expendables. Nobody has a voice like this guy and he was I mean, it was almost like flowing in that song. You know, I was just It was fireman in The Expendables. Do they Shred the guitarist of The Expendables crushes it and I know you didn't hear that little clip it but there's a lot of that man and I saw him play that song man. There's some heavy metal risk, man. They go back and forth and The Expendables man just proved why they're known as reggae rock royalty more than they put a little emphasis on Rock dude Expendables fucking rock do so. You know there you have it. I don't think we saw the debate about whether it's lives and loves here in the song He's they said she lives and she loves. Oh, well, there you go from the so you're you're you're right JB. They have it mystery solved absolute Banger by The Expendables. Haven't anything to add to that man. You're spot on as always. I got to stop saying that so I said after everyone but man you you've got these big comprehensive thoughts on the You're always playing bam on point. But yeah, I mean, they're very Rocky but they've got the Vibes or for The Vibes. They find a home on this podcast. Well there you have it. I like it the rocky like the mountains baby like Riley ASAP Rocky. Okay, like Rocky and Bullwinkle. Like like Rocky the boxer Rocky Balboa. Okay, like my wrist is Rocky with the Rollie and a dab of ranch. Are you alone right now or UAV did what we got next man speaking the next up and about to be flowing all night long, but mama mama mama the hip abduction with all night long Well everybody sing Lose Yourself. PS forever. Come on and sing. Come on sing it JB. Bro, Lionel, motherfucking Richie dude all night long. That is how you do a cover song baby. That thing got me ready for the weekend. The hip abduction man. Their Vibe is so smooth dude. I just picture like being in Miami, you know, what the cocoa Cabana and these dudes are just just, you know doing that. They're doing their best Lionel. Man, I'm just vibing out dude. I'm drinking some kind of liquor out of a coconut man, you know, maybe I'm wearing, you know, some colorful swimming trunks, you know, I don't know man. I'm getting all kinds of violence in the Sun. But it I would say man this song put me in a happy mood if you listen to the song and you're not in a happy state of mind dude, like sorry man is nothing I can do for you. I did everything I could this is if I've therapy if your vibes. Ain't there yet and many you should probably keep listening. Yeah. Do you have a Vibe deficiency? If you can't put a smile on their faces, I'm Lionel Richie being being, you know tapped into by the hip abduction. Forget about it forget about it. Hey, you forget about it. What's the next song man? The next song is love like mine. Oh dude. This is a personal favorite of your boy. Dude. Also love the band name Vibes Farm. I want to go there. I swear. I'm trying to be on The Vibes Farm. Take me there Evan. The why I gotta be let your love light shine bet. You never had a love like mine. Hey, I don't wanna waste my time when I put it all on the line Let Your Love Light Shine bet you never had a love like mine. I don't wanna waste my time when I I put it all on the line able to do with my want to come on Decker. I'd a real gentleman. I just want to treat your eyes sweet like cinnamon and I promise I won't be denied because when the sunshine turns to the right, it will open up a size you want to say give me one moment. I love life. I love like mine say Bro, JB. Yes. I just took a walk through the Vibes Farm was a nice. I picked a I picked a few plans here and there a couple Vibes. I didn't just want to look at him. I want to take him and put him on pocket. Bring it with me home love that verse love the flow there loved his voice love the message. JB. What do you think? Yeah, man. Like I said man, that was one of my personal favorites it definitely that song got stuck in my head. It got stuck. Going to repeat on my phone as well. I've Loved ain't perfect. Then. Why do I gotta be dude? I told my girlfriend that all the time like, you know, what means love love imperfect. All right, but there's something about this song. That just gets me going man. It's like it just It's the same dude last week when we're listening to hold up that's on cool spot. There's just something about these songs man. That is just so chill and they just like I look I feel like I'm close enough clothes floating on cloud. Nine do when I'm listening to it and virus Farm in this this was all admit, you know, I'm just covering new music all the time. And I'm newer to these guys and man. This song got me hooked, dude. I'm like, holy shit, man. These guys are super talented. This song was the absolute. And you know what this hunt even come out last Friday came out I think two weeks ago, but I included it because it was so damn good. So damn good. Yeah, man, so I'm I'm all in man and that's on dude. That's that's going that's like I'm my yearly plug. That's that's long as I put the shit. I song dude. I like it. It just makes me feel good. Dude. I suppose all about it. Feel good man. What else do you have in store to help me feel even more good I've got I've got more for you. I've got drifting Li Wu jie Li Hua really sounds very similar to Oogie. Wah-wah. I wonder why Evan what if there's a connection? Let's play in the find out. We've been at the ship is so long. No energy to stay strong often. Think about the old time and had it all go wrong. I'll take one more minute to wake up on the seashore fit into the back while everybody laughs. I think you always did before. I keep drifting drifting away from yesterday. Damn, bro. Drifting by o'healey who really is the MC name of Jesse Lee rolling back who is the lead singer of Oogie Wawa who you've seen with his insane stage presence his dreadlocks. Okay, he's a he's a he has a presence to him and it's interesting. I don't know maybe just talented as fuck dude. Holy shit, man. I love the beat of that song is very catchy. Very rhythmic. Very bad. Just organic dude. I don't know. I liked it. I liked it and I liked. what he's talking about kind of almost it reminded me of my own life in a sense of like I'm always about change and I'm always about doing things better. But I find myself sometimes right back where I started and I wonder why I did and you know, it's a deep song Man Yeah, because sometimes I live you can feel like you're drifting sometimes you tap into that motivation you get back on track, but you know life is never a definite man it Ebbs and flows and it goes up and down and you know, the success is not a destination. It's a journey man. Some days you have bad days. Some days things are all fucked up and out of water some days you Great days, everything's on track and you're just boom. Boom. Boom things are working and I don't believe that anyone can sustain that, you know permanently, there's ups and downs and man. This is kind of an honest song and I really fuck with that man and has a talented artist. He can rap he can put together really good break it and rock music and he's one of the nicest do so I met him after shows like just such a genuine awesome person. That's what the genres all about man. So this song on a scale from zero to fuck with it. Where would you put that Evan? I'd put it right about at fuck with it. Okay. Nice. Yeah, it can't get any better than that. You can't know anything else to add. No, I like to add. You know, I love kind of what you mentioned there. It's amazing how in life sometimes you can think that you've made it past certain points and you've finally Perfected something or there's some flaw that you've always had that you finally made it past and then every once in a while you fall right back into it is who maybe you haven't done this action that you used to do for two years, but you fell back into it one time and that's okay. That's what happened to have as many, you know, you got to get back on the horse. Okay, you know, so what Evan that you said you were gonna stop looking at weird things on the internet two years ago and you find yourself the other day you were just telling me before we start this podcast it happened. Again, it don't beat yourself up about it. No, I always look weird things that I've been I would never give that up. I mean, yeah, you see my personal Instagram and stuff. I throw my stories, you know, yeah. I'm just kidding dude. What? Uh, what do we have next? Oh man a little something special for the people. We've got breathe and let go Buy me Holly Oh talk to him. I see them down below while I'm your dream. I'm sitting. Inject that directly into my bloodstream. Holy shit knew what a heater dude. That was a song enemies featuring Matisyahu from the album breathe and let go by Mohali the album that we got blessed with on Friday. And that was just one of many but I was a hell of a one man who might as Yahoo, dude in my Holly cooking up some heat in the kitchen, man. God dang dude. That was a good sign man. I liked him in everything. Matisyahu does man is just stoffel as powerful man. It speaks to me. And this was a Vibe dude. I am going to be playing a lot of this this album that song specifically man when I needed maybe Monday morning what I'm trying to get ready for work dude, and I'm trying to get my mind right and I want to get motivated and I want to get that fire in my in my stomach dude. I'm like throw the song on dude and just Now meditate on it for a second, but if you look at this album Evan Mohali, first of all, I'm again. I'm newer me personally to my Holly's catalog, but do look at the features on that album, bro Citizen Cope G. Love Trevor Hall, Naco Matisyahu. That is insane, dude. Did like I need to I need to just go ahead and just jump into the deep end of the pool. That is mahal. He's music because there's a reason why those guys all were on his album. There's a reason man. This guy the Mahal he's got some and the song was a testament to that. So I thought it was absolute fire. I'm talking five-alarm 10 million Scoville. I'm talking third-degree burn fire dude, but his third degree where someone degree? Yeah. Okay. Yeah third that's that. That's the bad one or the good one in this case. Yeah. Damn I shouldn't be I shouldn't I shouldn't use Burns as an analogy manage people that have fallen victim to that shit. I take that back. My point is goddamn. This was a fucking powerful song and I liked it and I liked the whole album and I loved it and that's all I got to say about. that What else what else we got? JB while we got one more man. This is a special one. Okay, so everybody knows we're huge fans of roots of rebellion roots of a rebellion a fucking dope man. We've met them we did some live recording with them. They played a pipe dream brewing in Londonderry, New Hampshire. You know just they're just so dumb in the I'm going to drop last year was an absolute nuke a missile or rocket. It was just so dope. So powerful and one of their members decided to little side project called mellow dough semi LL o dear o SE with the song she said here for yourself we got something the past few months have been some of the hardest losing people did Brian wish we could stop being I take it hard on the heart to bring me balance balance when you're with me I love my piece of suede lining me with other like that you me or are those with these words that we say love me love me Marco Martinez I liked how that be changed to man. That was nice coming moving a little bit in the studio. Yeah songs got a little sexy Swagger to it a little bit. Whoo. Hello sexy Swagger and absolutely. Oh boy. Sorry didn't mean to overwhelm me over there Judy and now that's I didn't realize that this was a PG 13 plus podcast man. That's you know, shout out Marco Martinez. And his what would you call it an alias? Yeah, you put this out under the name mellow dos Amy Ela odos, see mellow dose. I spell it because it's spelled differently than you would imagine because it's mellow dude. It's a dose of them mellow don't do I I really I love everything was a rebellion does there's they're just so talented that from such a you know from Tennessee man from Nashville being in that pocket a culture and music me see why these guys are so talented and you know shot off for Marco man forgetting to shine here dude. This was a good song and hopefully more to come and see interesting man. We're starting to see this dude. We're starting to see members of the band some of our favorite bands. branching out and you know dropping some singles man doing some creative we had from Chopper delic Derek brass Squatch recently came out with his own single so I love a man I'm here for it it's just a new way to enjoy you know the these artists that we already really support so big mellow dose be good so yeah man that's it dude that's all the music that came out last Friday We really felt it necessary to talk about if we missed anything. Let us know we didn't exclude you for lack of love. We just you know, we're just two guys man, you know, and and possibly a third. Oh, well my cheese and something maybe it maybe we got somebody on board that really wants to help us grow this thing and work on playlist and Facebook and help us really take this thing to the next level but more to come on that more to come on that turns a regular Rock News, man. I got nothing dude. I didn't prepare anything. I will say. Say say it your Copo. I love you cope. Oh, man. That's my guy teasing us with a single or maybe an EP. I don't know. I think it's a single is called the plumber that's coming next week. We've got to look forward to the Treehouse album that's going to be an experience and we're going to have a review for that thing coming before. I think we got lucky enough to maybe listen to it and and I we're going to give you our feedback before you get going. All right. It's gonna be fire. I can promise you that but definitely take our word for it. I actually don't take our word for it read our review and learn for yourself. Anyways, that's coming Roman. Duh. Detour is underway. Not much to say there. I got tickets and I'm looking forward to a man and that's it. That's it. There's a lot going on. Just you know, cut me some slack. I'm only a man I had to prepare for fourth and orange I couldn't They call the fucking bric-a-brac news, but maybe I'll do better next week. Maybe I mean you did better this week than last week last week. You said Evan. I've got no news this week. Look at that you had fun news One news to news 3 new for we just had a whole bunch of stuff right there. JB did a great job. I'm proud of you. I like the way he said news One news to news 3 news for ya. I did that's catchy. We should turn that into a segment. Anyway positive thought of the week. My mind is blank right now Evan. I'm going to channel something and I'm going to say Something I would imagine you're in the same boat. Give me a word and I'll give you something positive. I'll give you a positive thought about that word. Okay? Alright, let's think about the conversation. We had with careful forth and orange. All right, I think here's one we were supposed to have two guests today that's true for to record an episode which we might have put out forth an orange the week after or put this in a real a supposed to happen. The week after depending but it fell through last minute. And you know what man, I was so excited dude. I was so stoked dude because it was going to be big it was going to be big but you know things happen, you know got pushed back kind of felt through and you know it bums me out, but then you know, I just remember man like you just got to take things as they go man and that voice in my head. That was like telling me how frustrated I was buy it or let down or whatever. Ever like I just shut that off and I accepted it who knows what happened man things happen, you know, this is how everything that happened was exactly how it was meant to be we were not meant to have that conversation earlier today. We'll have that conversation in the future hopefully, but right now my mind is just focus on taking this podcast the next level being the best dude that I can be crushing this week ahead of me, you know, just just appreciating everything that I do have and in the end of the day when things don't go your way man use that as motivation go back. And be like, you know what? I'm gonna do. I'm gonna do better. I'm going to make this thing bigger and better and just put myself in the right position to receive the blessings that are meant for me when the time comes so it's just a little shift in in mindset. I think I'd share with everybody just just change the lens you're looking through things and put a positive spin on it and and and he'll be all right. You'll hear something funny dude. Yes. So for at my job we To take this like assessment like it was like a hundred questions fucked up questions basically, but just like we like just the wildest questions and you have to answer there's like six different answers you to pick whichever one apply to you and then a graded you like on a you know in percentiles tell me why dude I was in the 99th percentile for positivity dude bam, dude. It's got to be this podcast. I do a positive thought of the week every week dude, of course. I'm in the 99th percentile. Oh boy Polly management material baby. Okay. So what the ship is sinking? I'm I'm happy. I'm grateful. I'm kid man. What's your a positive thought of the week positive? Thought I think I've said this one before but that was like season one last year, but I thought about it again. It's something I think about often. I'm thankful for the wealth that I have that being Food Water Shelter you have those three things then everything else you're stressed about is kind of superficial man. I mean, those are the three Things this world that if you have it you're wealthier than so many other people on the planet. You might not think about if there's a lot of people that don't have those three things that make your life go around. I mean I wake up I have food I have what I have a roof over my head and that's fantastic every day that I have those three things is a fantastic day. You know what? I'm thankful for I'm thankful for that. Sun-dried Vibes sweatshirt that you wearing it. I can remember the exact night that you bought that man at that makes me happy. You know, what do we got to go to a show soon? We do kind of will catch us at a show. Anyways good positive thought of the week. Thank you for listening to us. We love you guys. We love to support we're going to keep doing the damn thing. Let us know who you want to see next try to make it happen and just appreciate that. You guys are all with us and listen to us and I hope that you guys have just two. Wonderful morning afternoon or night man, whatever applies to you. So on that note he's pace. Wonderful morning afternoon or night man, whatever applies to you. So on that note he's pace.