Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting that on January 13th. We were left a review from a girl named Chelsea. Lcg am right love this podcast 5 Stars. I was just a guest on this podcast and Casey and Leah are amazing and Incredibly easy to talk to thank you for making a be a more accessible to the world and keeping it fun and interesting. Keep it going. You are killing it tell see if you guys remember was our guest on she runs the out loud podcast on selective mutism. And the reason that this is so perfect for today's review. Is that our guest actually reached out? Hearing that podcast or someone of his, you know in his Circle heard it and told him he was referenced on it. He end up knowing Chelsea and he is like the Skinner in the psychology world. We are so pumped to have him. So let's start introducing him, right? All right, Steve Kurtz is an internationally recognized expert in child psychology with specializations in a number of areas, including but not limited to ADHD. He told me I did EHD in the first second of meeting me. I don't think that takes an expert oppositional genius Oppositional Defiant Behavior anxiety and educational challenges. He also is the founder hashtag God hashtag Skinner of selective mutism programs at both NYU child study center and the child MIND Institute. He created the brave buddies and Mighty Mouth programs serving the needs of children around the globe with Selective mutism. So this was really cool because all the As we referenced in the show with Chelsea where his articles and then we have this really cool smart ass guy reaching out to us talking to the behavior bitches and we're like, we've made it we have made it welcome to the show Steve. I feel like I made it you're too cute today. You're the best Valentine ever you're better than my husband. Just kidding Steve. We're so happy to have you were so happy that we were connected and I know There's another little relation that so it wasn't just Chelsea. It was also the opposite sister right was have dinner with your my work colleague my number. Yeah Carly mayor. There's a lot of different circles here that were running in that are all similar and we were just so happy to have you we talked to Steve on the phone for or we did a zoom session right are outlining. It was probably an hour and a half. I had actually had to like get off of it and we got kept talking to him, which is awesome. I'm still grinning. Yeah, so we have a lot to talk about with him to dive deeper into the selective mutism what he's doing with his you know in his lab in his clinical setting and all the stuff is so amazing Leah breakdown the behavior principles, please mrs. Sachs. All right today. I am going to robotically do behavioral principles there so many things and this is awesome ABA implemented and not in an on autism context, which I think is super cool. Okay ready? We have errorless learning. Earning SDS shaping successive approximations positive reinforcement token economies faded token economies negative reinforcement as the maintain variable multiple functions of behavior Behavior deficits versus behavioral excesses. It's yeah except his sorry. Okay, we have skill versus performance deficit. We have mediation involving all stakeholders. We have socially valid significant behaviors. We have generalization and maintenance of skills in the natural environment. We have CMO ours we have S DPS we have why don't the kids Run for Cover when you make them talk that goes with that SEMO our part we talk about Mo sparing relationship-building meeting them where they are relationship enhancing skills between parent and child reflect label phrase avoid questions that command zero negative talk. Okay. I'm getting too far now behave momentum High P. Low P probability premack principle, and now that I've read the entire task list. Hopefully we can get you the past and Entire ABA exam in one episode we have to start by giving selective mutism and operational definition Steve. Please give it to us. Oh my God, I'm out of breath. That was amazing. Right and we are going to do all of that in one hour. I know we are so sorry what percentage we usually get to and I was like, I like 40, maybe I think you're like 75 to 80, I think so. Like to mutism is the reluctance and reticence to speak in some settings despite being completely able to speak and demonstrating that in other settings. So typically the home is where their little chatterboxes and typically schools the first place that they may completely shut down interesting. Is it ever the opposite? It's never the opposite but in the school setting they could be kids who talk to peers but not teachers teachers been up. Here's the Typically, they're reluctant and reticence to talk to both. So and I remember from Chelsea's episode. It's not a behavioral deficit. It's a performance deficit absolutely by definition, right? Not a performer. Not a it's a not as skilled right now 40% when well-controlled studies are done will have skills deficits in language, but that doesn't Count for the complete or most mostly shutting down in the school setting so they may have expressive language difficulties that are testable but that's not the reason that they're not speaking. What is let me hit you want to have the coolest Paradigm for testing that out a trained parents-to-be test givers not test interpreters and they videotaped it to make sure the parents weren't like accidentally giving away the answers and they found still that the kids had. Applicant expressive language deficits even when testing with their parents who they're supposed to be comfortable with rate who they are comfortable with right you ready for the quirkiest conditioning to an absolute stimulus of SM. Yes went twin girls who don't talk in their class ever to anybody except every other Wednesday at 3:15. You tell me why? We have to scatter plot. I need scatter plot data. No no scatter plot. We already have the time. We don't need a scatter plot. Okay, 15 every other Wednesday. Can I ask them questions? Sure, you know the answer. I know the answer. Hopefully that's wait 315 every other Wednesday. Yes in their classroom in the same room that they don't talk in the same. Teacher no. Okay. So that's one different variable one different variable. Is that it? No. Okay, every other Wednesday 3:15 is Girl Scouts. The enjoy it. It's a preference. No same peers same room. You tell me indiscriminate stimulus discriminative stimulus. And then the other time they spoke in school was on like an open school might kind of deal where there's no history of Prior not speaking in that context very interesting. I'm thinking right now that discriminative stimulus right changing the availability of reinforcement or matching law, right like whatever's happening at 3:15 is more reinforcing for them much more reinforcing. I think I'm a genius guys. I just I mean I was in school yesterday observing a three-year-old with SM for the first time kid. Didn't know me and he's talking away. Just fine to the teachers when they move over to the afternoon Circle time. I was trying to prompt a teacher to get the kid over to the rug and all of a sudden being on the rug was stimulating enough. The sea was sitting on that same rug but in the presence of the teacher who is reinforcing he was talking to her just fine, but when she prompted him to come to the rug, Where he's never walked in class yet because he also goes limp then all of a sudden the rug was more reinforcing and I immediately thought of the bitches yo bitch in class. Yeah, that's really that's context. You gotta do things in context, right? Yeah, exactly. So that's really interesting. So can you see that a child will respond to an individual what you know, when it's at the back table of the classroom where she does all reading groups, but not at all when it's in, you know a full class setting like she's presenting in the front of the class and that's part of the shaping Paradigm is first we pair the kid with talking in a neutral room with preferred activities, then we so we're meticulous about changing one variable at a time person place or activity component analysis. So I could play Spot It headbands and guess who with the kid in my office. We then take the same games me and the kid To a neutral room like could be the OTS room or breakout room in school. And then I can either bring in somebody else to those games with us, or I can bring those games at 7:15 into the actual classroom and nobody's there. But it's the meticulous changing one variable the time that makes this work. So you're right the kid is much more likely in general to talk in the back of the classroom and a321 then going back to the same. Full group setting which we call contaminated settings. That that is the word you use contaminated settings and bring me back to that because shortly but I think you're an ADHD expert but you need to go back to what you were saying for one second. Right? I think I think what we think what we do well in our in our approach is we take these behavioral Concepts and we make it into language that resonates for people. So if I say contaminated settings you think discriminative stimulus for the absence of a behavior? Ruby that's Delta right? Yes, and I love you. I actually don't know that I love that. You just guessed me because I'm such a yes person. I'm like, yes, I'm gonna be like do you really need my aunt always have that you really know what I just said and I'm like, yeah totally got it. Yep good. So you said the absence of reinforcement, right? Like there's no reinforcements available for whatever it may be right that is your contaminated setting I think of it as more as that that setting is actually punishing for the kids. No, it's not a Nostalgia. It's an sdp as we discussed. It's a discriminative stimulus for punishment like oh shit. I know when I go into music class, my teacher was makes me come do my Solo in front of the class. So that person becomes a what we call condition motivating operation reflexive like it's like You see her. It's like it makes it increases the value of escape and avoidance behavior and upsetting. Yeah. Okay, and what you said is interesting because I wanted the things they say as in our ethics code and I think a lot of behavior analysts do this and I mean, I'm sure I do it too is tough like assholes like yes, it's a good this is motivating operation of a reinforcing setting because if the stimulus is there it's obviously evoking the operation right and it's like what And it's actually really simple things. It's like no you you don't think was there and shit happened. And yeah, like you hit the kid last time now, they see you. They don't want to see you again, you know, so I appreciate you coming in here and making this non technical. Jargon. So you're saying contaminated setting a kid has Associated let's say absolutely. Yes. It's been punishing before it's been punishing or rather. They have successfully escaped and they going to repeat the task. Behavior when presented with the same prompt the Steve I know when we talked and we talked about this with Chelsea and you were like you guys were almost there but not really there with that negative reinforcement cycle, right? Can you go and I can well the which he said was the kid gets prompted an aisle 3 the supermarket? Hi sweetie. What's your name? What grade are you going into the kid has a false alarm and so they get anxious but they actually get too anxious. They hide behind the pants with a skirt of the adult that's there. And what Chelsea said was and then when the parent rescues everybody feels better and I argued against that I said, it's not that they feel better. They only feel less bad. Yeah, and that's the classic negative reinforcement cycle that the aversive stimulus is taken away. It's only now feel amazing. Yeah interesting. So this is cool that we have both sides. Can we get someone who actually went through having selective mutism? Thing that I definitely cannot speak to no shit. We got three amens on that of your everyone listening at the exact same time was like, okay, we got no shit so we had that but so what piqued your interest to get involved and selective mutism the what piqued my interest was this time of year is like March of an academic year. And the child psychiatrist where I worked which is the NYU child study center had evaluated a kid who was in kindergarten at the time and what was described was he is still standing at the back door of the room. He has never gone into the room. He has never sat down. He has never eaten in school. He is never used a bathroom in school. He won't take pens or pencils from the teacher and he's wearing the same gray sweatpants and tie-dye shirt every day and it didn't smell like autism. And know that autism smell it is like very when they yeah. Well they say I'm just getting what you know, the gray sweatpants and the tie-dye shirt everyday people think that kind of rigidity. And so that's what's on the radar and this kid had been told by people with licenses that the parents have to be prepared for a lifetime of institutionalization. And there was I had had one case like five years before and not knowing what to do, but just having good behavioral chops. I did the same shaping that I do today only now I can predict what I'm going to do and it's organized and I have names fertile, but this kid piqued my interest and I think had that case not gone. So well had he had not had a good response to the treatment. I don't know that I'd be here doing this but as you know the stuff we go through that's Thing to us makes us Propel to do the same thing again. So I think I kind of got lucky I was smart, but I also got lucky. That's amazing that kid that kid by the way wrote his Memoirs a couple of years ago about successfully overcoming SM and he's been a counselor. He worked the program the same year the Chelsea that that's awesome. Yeah. Wow, that is so cool. So, how how do you Operationally let's say differentiate between that autism peace and that selective mutism piece. So it used to be thought you couldn't have autism and selective mutism at the same time. But you can and what I'm looking for in the differential diagnosis is just the Delta the difference between the kids functioning in an environment a and environment based. So if I watch a tape of an autistic kid who has let's say on a scale of 0 to 10. Let's say is eye contact is 5 Verbal ability is five. Hysteria. Tippi's is 5 let's say he's a straight five at home and I see it with my own eyes and then goes to school and he's a three across the board. I want to know why that Delta. Interesting, what about change right and if I then bring the parent into the kids classroom and get everybody else out and he comes back up to a five. I know it doesn't have so much to do with the room as the social environment. So there's some stimulus control their absolutely stimulus control be conducting like a little mini like functional analysis of like the conditions and seeing that's right is evoking that behavior and turning it on and off right and when I get forgetful, Were greedy and I changed two variables at a time and the and it doesn't work. I don't know which variable was the more Salient one to have, you know, introduced first. And that's going to affect your internal validity guys. He doesn't know which independent variable is affecting the behavior at that time. It's a confounding variable coming. I want Kickbacks when these guys passed their be CPA exam. Yes, literally I agree it is I was literally going through everything it's littered with it all but you know, it's every session that we do has all of this. It literally does. It's right there before our eyes when we do every single treatment session. It's beautiful. It's a real life application of it, which is what we want to do here on the podcast. So this could not be more amazing or like geeking out for me. Yeah hookers pimps profiler so I can see ya. I'm just you know as the podcast has gone on more and more its you know, we're starting to really find ourselves to realize. We want these cool, you know, like one-off things, you know, not necessarily like the same topic every time like let's talk about insurance and autism and this an Autism, you know, not that I don't love autism my brother has autism but these things that I think a lot of people don't realize are all Behavior you're using the exact same principles whether you're doing a hostage negotiation, you're getting pimps off the street you're using selective mutism. I mean, it's just The same principles that's what I think so cool. You could seem so smart. But once you understand the basics of an antecedent Behavior consequence, what's evoking of behavior, you could do anything. One of my favorite anecdotes was the one kid in many many years of doing this who is reinforced by my leaving his school after he earned his Five Points rather than my staying and having special time. So when he earned his points, he'd point to the exit door. And I had to leave and I just thought this is fabulous. This is fabulous if that's what's going to reinforce and braving the Mark. I'm having here. I love that. Yeah, you know, I always do this every now and then on my Instagram I'll be like, what's the most unique reinforcer you've seen from a kid and people are like this person likes me. I have them all say what were some of the weird ones. I mean some like autism want to hear a lot like a vacuum, but someone's like me. Browning me getting to teach me the session getting to lead the session like so many a hair that they like to get a hair that comes off of my finger, you know, like kind of like peach fuzz and They Carried around all day or like a piece of string in a bag and it's like whatever works God do yeah, if you want me to leave the room. Yeah. I used to let one of my clients if he was who I worked with adults, but if he was Is real good because he had some serious SI B behaviors. He could pluck whatever hair he wanted off of my arm with a pair of tweezers. I'd go go for it buddy. He'd look all day for it. And I'm like, whoo, you did it you made it through the day without you know, this is the same nerdiness that we have in our work with OCD patients where it's like a competition who did the weirdest thing with the patient to do exposure therapy. We just for fun. I'm just going to read you a few that I pulled up. So I said, what's that? Just reinforce what you've ever used with a client. Someone said Amari Povich token board. He loved the show. You're not the father. There was one what's the weirdest person said a lid to a Soup pot this person said Playing with a lever on an office chair. Okay, that's kind of fun and instruction manual. A client used to want me to smell his feet and say you stinky feet. I love it. I love all these but they're just funny. All right, what's peanut butter? Jelly off that topic peanut butter. Jelly Sting If it is what we say when we're way off topic sorry, and it's just because we got to review one of our one-star reviews. We like to call ourselves out feedback, as you know is very important. Right but said these girls take too long to get to the topic and boat. So peanut butter jelly is are like was his nickname was he was his name was his actual Apple user name. I hope he's still out there listening somewhere. He's oh he actually still gave us a five star review, but Note that feedback because he's like my girlfriend wants me to give you 500 Casey peanut butter and jelly anyways, anyways, Steve said what I want to know about this, okay, because this is what you do right pcit BCIT, please tell me more about that. All right, so parent-child interaction therapy out of the out of Oregon in the 70s where social learning theory and principles were being fleshed out in two. Great new treatments bunch of folks are working with very very very disruptive kids kids with Oppositional Defiant Disorder conduct disorder all kinds of Behavioral issues and what they realized was that the kids would behave fabulously well with the play therapist and the playroom and then kids go out in the waiting room be little shits with their parents all over again. So there was no learning no generalization no maintenance no mediation evolving of the stakeholders like yeah, that's what I meant. I just didn't say it. And so they package together this treatment that was two phases. The first phase was teaching parents how to be super high rate reinforcers. And so they learn positive attending and the acronym that's used in the treatment of the pride skills praise, which is always labeled praise Reflections imitation behavioral descriptions and enjoyment. But here's my favorite thing about the behaviorism in that you can count praises. You can camp behavioral descriptions and you can count accurate reflections. We all assumed that Praises are reinforcing but the beauty of this is that with data. We know that both Reflections and behavioral descriptions are reinforces. So if you're playing with Legos and I say, oh my goodness, you're putting the one on the red one. And now you added the door. Oh my goodness. Now you made a pathway all of that is reinforcing so pcit package together this two phase treatment which is relationship enhancement. And then as if that's a foundation scaffold, Our limit setting a discipline. Now. It happened that dr. Sheila I burped package together pcit at the same time Rex forehand package together helping the non-compliant child Carolyn Webster Stratton did the incredible year. So if you went into Google Scholar and said help me find an empirically supported treatment you get those three. I just happen to be well-schooled in peace 80 but what I love about this is the two-stage part, right you build the relationship which leonce going to say pairing guys, that's bearing Hearing guys, that's pairing. There you go. And then you can add limits betting this one. I think of it as I didn't give you this term ahead of time, but you guys know vygotsky's zones of proximal development. I learned that forever ago. It's awesome stuff. Here's the idea. You got what you can do without assistance in the middle circle concentric circles what you can do with assistance in the next Circle going out and then what you can't even do with assistance at the end. The last Zone going out. So if you have a strong relationship if you trust and you find somebody reinforcing you can stretch yourself to do things. You didn't think you could do like tolerate frustration like delay gratification and you guys talked about this on a previous podcast you said first thing we do is just meet the kid rather at given the reinforcer then we can work on deny And Delay, so I don't know if I woke up one morning and said aha but the adaptation I made of Peace 84 pcit it. Adapted for Selective mutism was build a dam relationship. Make sure everybody's reinforcing and then you can get kids to do things out of their comfort zone like answer. What's your favorite flavor of ice cream that's pairing friends that is pairing. Your rightly out is going to say that's pairing because if you guys have not seen or heard shall I say because the podcast the common theme of no matter what we're talking about whether it is getting someone to Not to let go of a hostage or not kill themselves or you know pair with a client before you go put the bands on them to stop engaging in self interest Behavior or you're trying to get other pimps off the street. You have to pair with those individuals first. If you are going to go in there is drying up be like get yourself off the ledge. Stop it like it's gonna be a straight-up Buck you okay? That's what's going to happen. And I think That's exactly what you're saying. Right? You're not going to go and be like talk to me talk to me. You don't want to talk. So just talk to me you need to they're going to hate you. So if I told you that we put a parent and a kid in a room with a one-way mirror and we have a stranger go in stranger who's got to be like a 19 year old college student who knows these child-directed relationship skills. And if I told you that if the two and a half minutes of using these skills praising whatever his praise of would specifically Praise describing whatever the child is doing if they happen to be talking reflecting it that we increase the probability that the child will answer the strangers question from 28 percent to 43 percent after only two and a half minutes of this stuff. This is Special Sauce special Arby's sauce. I love it. And that's what we found when we tested this out. We'll send the stranger and they ask a question. Then we have them do two and a half. It's of this child directed interaction skills and the rate of answering pairing, right when up to 43% That's a major taking Baseline data. You're taking Baseline. Do they respond to they not respond? And now you do your pairing treatment and you'll see if they respond or not. That's where you got this data. I'm assuming exactly and so our assessment actually becomes part of our treatment. So and I'm just going to I want to talk this out because I like to like conceptualize what you're saying and I heard this at a conference. It was some type of parent training and they had parents come in and they just observed how they interacted and the parents were like, oh I never I don't even placed a man's I'm always reinforcing and without realizing it right and Baseline and maybe you have seen this is that everything the parents had was Adam and even if it didn't seem Like Adam and like open-ended questions are serving as almost that like- It's like some kind of demand like they're forced to respond. Right? Yeah. Yeah a parent being like so which one do you want tell? Mr. Steve over here what you did this weekend for driving like my so we specified a specific label Praise of like, oh I see you playing with that truck. That truck is so cool. It's blue. I love that. Your pants are cool. Your hair is cool. I don't know these words like random things and we can even into the nitty-gritty as we're teaching parents to literally the Mastery criteria for the parent is to avoid all questions all prompts to speak Heap the point of oh look at that. We consider that a command. So we helped them substitute my God, this is so cool the way this fits in there like that. Yes. I love it. So we don't let him graduate to the verbal directed interactions. Has until they've hit Mastery on the non-directed interact. What about the idea of literally? Not even giving that much attention to what they're doing just like parallel playing with exactly what they like or like, you know, this kid loves Legos. So you act obsessed with Legos like you want to build this thing and if they want to come to you that's so we definitely definitely do our homework and go with preferred activities and you're going to love what the Norwegians labeled their approach. So Norwegians did a similar behavioral approach that we do and they called it defocused communication. Defocused communication meaning that you come out of the ABA world at least old-school ABA and there's a lot of commands or expectations for eye contact and our region said let's dial down the intensity of the interaction and just to co-constructing or what you're calling parallel play. So and I have to help a lot of parents and teachers not get neurotically involved my contact. So I think it's the last thing we can do to fine-tune the intensity of the interaction and what I say to every parent if your kid answered and talked a hundred percent of the time and never had eye contact you would not be in my office today and trust me the eye contact will come if it's part of the repertoire. He'd be in my office. Yeah be in her office. It's interesting Behavior bitches office. I don't bring any kids in here profanity. I find myself struggling with eye contact to this day as a fully functioning master's degree. Bcba when I just went to this is just a random example of my life and I went to Orangetheory the other day in the there's my first day the instructor came out. She wanted like walk me through all the stuff and tell me all about it her and I want on one and I just couldn't handle the eye contact. It was too much. It was too much pressure too much like awkwardness. I just like need it to be more natural and making eye contact directly. Not natural and that moment right is it true that in general ABA folks have moved away from demanding that and expecting it and there's a goal and I think that they have I mean, I think there's definitely talk about that. They should like how important is that for this kid necessarily when you looking at socially significance right is Alisa and behaviors like okay if you have this kid manding or requesting items and now, you know or independently able to go to the bathroom themselves. Is that more important than you sitting there with an m on your forehead? So they look at you because are they even looking at you for the purpose of you know, when I look at someone it's I'm doing it more for the idea to see like are they listening to me what I'm saying? You know, I'm listening. Are they looking if I'm saying like that guy is so hot. I'm gonna like check in with my friend to see if she's looking at the same guy. I am I think I don't want to say anything wrong. So anyone listening, I believe that some form of joint attention. We make sure that our counselors and therapists reinforce eye contact when it happens, but we're not men who are not demanding it. Yeah, B natural is should be absolutely yeah read great like exactly reinforced when it happens, but it's not again when you're teaching like the man training so teaching them to request what they want. We're not focused on saying manners right away right, please and thank you those come right we got on the Facebook stuff. For SM. We get asked all the time about manners and asked why is why our manners like the the highest thing on the hierarchy, right? What one of our colleagues close the big five? I think it's High by yes or no and something else but I usually put those way up on the hierarchy and worry about a lot of other things first. Yeah, because on it and again it's cultural to you could go into someone's home and it's very cultural very cultural that they Please is very important or ma'am or sir. I have I have a great way to disarm people about manners. You ready ready? I look at them and I say tell me are you rude? No, I'm not and I've never had anybody tell me that after we get rid of the selective mutism all of your values that you've been modeling. They'll take hold if you got to trust me on that and they do. That's a good one. I like that a lot. I like that a lot. We got might answer that if you ask her that she would go no Maya and head in my head. I swear like I'm very quick to respond to things. I was like ish. Like I swear to God that was my response to my head is brutish, but that's just like my like Rebel inside of me just like always wanting to be like Stomp the opposite, you know, okay. So now Next class we had so many to get to we have the whole task list a cover. But something that you had said and you were saying, you know, you'll change one variable variable component at a time. And I know you said when we were on the phone, you're like, I'm even so crazy that I have to make sure if I'm going somewhere that I'm bringing my own Uno deck that I played with the kid in my office and the exact set of dominoes. Knows that I had in case like there's a different like minor red black and there's a green and black the pieces or I think that conditioning is that strong and that so you're training for generalization across settings across individuals and in ABA, so we have we do generalization across settings across settings behaviors and was lost when I just said people location, so I said everybody's nothing's right. Not that what did I say? I'm my ADD easy, but sad at all by this time is like settings behaviors in subjects subject exactly. Yeah, right. So I'm sure you're doing some treatment and you don't mean to do that properly. But sometimes you're probably working on something with a kid and then the other kids in the classroom might start engaging in that behavior of talking because they're like he's getting off pretty candy for doing it. So now I'll tell you my favorite ice cream. They do and I purposely go in I tell teachers when I come in. I know you may be nervous about my coming in and disrupting the flow, but I promised you I would be the best assistant teacher you have ever had and I used to say when I was younger that I'll be like the favorite and local now. I say I'll be like the favorite grandfather. So whatever it takes I'm going to keep changing with the age, right? Yeah. That it's so funny when you say that because that one kid that I worked with that had an Autism diagnosis, but I swear he was the best behaved get in the class when he was home. He would just like chatter and I'm like this is not autism but I didn't really know that much about selective mutism. I was like all the kids in the class just love me because if anything I didn't want to give him too much attention to like respond and the group things so I give it to his peers and I'm like, I am the best co-teacher like the kids that you have more difficulty with I'm here for It's true. And when I go in and I'm connecting with the other kids in the class if I'm going around a circle saying what's your favorite flavor of ice cream? I want my patient to be the third or the fourth kid that we get to because I want two or three modeling at before and I don't want him sitting there waiting till these like the last one in line to answer some very purposeful to gain some modeling and some momentum and get to the kids. How annoying are we is this is awesome. I'm getting crash course and maybe a you can think this is great. Yes, I probability request sequence. You want to build that momentum where it's like, well, that's why you said he did earlier. He did say he's like I'm gonna have them do something. That's a high probability. They're gonna do so, you know start off with a question what you said like, you lost some easier questions first, right? Did he say that I'm not even questions right. Now when you get to the question Point, what we've established is that there are three kinds of questions is yes, no questions forced choice or multiple choice questions and open-ended questions the ones what I tell parents or teachers when I meet them if you only remember one thing of everything I tell you today, the only thing I want you to remember is never ever again Ask a yes. No question. And if you do I want you to forgive yourself and picture me tasing you because yes/no questions pull for nodding gesturing and pointing and that's a lie. First thing we want to do. In fact, the probably the first discovery I made if there was one was the value of not asking kids with SM any questions because I knew without treatment there's no probability but no reasonable probability that they're going to answer me. So why would I want to start off throwing strikes that they can't hit? No, but I'm saying so once you've already done that pairing, yes piece that pairing peacemaking yourself go for for choice questions that are embedded into To a high probability High preferred activity. Okay, so that's exactly what we call an ABA. We call it hide P Lo P where you do something that's a high probability. So you'll be like hey, bud you want the kid to do a math problem like a multiplication problem. That's hard. Right? And so you're like, hey bud touch your nose clap your hands touch your head do the math problem, right? Because you're building that by doing so you do like two to five high probability. Request and then you follow it with a lower probability item and start of our morning meeting every day at our group is we start with easy to do nonverbal compliance test touch your nose point to the window and then we get into the verbals. I had just had this fabulous fantasy ready for this you guys come with your headphones and your mics like I'm looking at now and you sit on the side of our group room and you're like the announcers Kurtz goes for hi P Lo p Wait, I actually think we should do that. There's just or premack principle. That's you. That's a low P. Hi P. Look at that shaping. He totally said that was okay. He was cool that response even though the kid barely responded but I'm surprised summation to a terminal Behavior. That's exactly what we should do. And we have tapes of our like morning meeting stuff, but it'd be so cool as an ABA learning tool. That's a really cool way. I actually Steve I feel like we've just formed a lifelong partnership here. No collaboration friendship and learning. I think it's great weight and it's in New York City right and said, yes, we get to use a school to increase the Big G word - yeah, we got to use a real school a real Squad will school real far training environment. So you're programming common stimuli, right? Are you sitting down? Yes. So we had our Winter Group a couple of weeks ago and we took them to the Italian restaurant down the street to get pizza. Yeah, we gave them the laminated menus ahead of time so they could rehearse with us what they were going to order and then because we wanted it to be errorless learning we brought in two teenage girls who I had and they were kids. Deal with pointing nodding and gesturing by waiting five seconds and then representing the question as a forced choice, you want pizza with cheese or without cheese and if the kid would give them a blank stare or Point they'd say I see you're pointing. Do you want it with cheese or without cheese? Delayed prompting so and and so you're training for the natural contingencies that are going to happen. Like she said wow Eva. Did I did for fun? I want to send you a little mock exam to see how you do on a day because everything you're just for fun. I like thank you would pass with flying colors. It's so funny. I want to title this episode. I don't want to like make it even about us. I want to be like you want to pass the BCB exam. He listened episode 39 in this we have we recruit College counselors and graduate students, but always we have outside therapist from different disciplines who come in and learn from us and work the program with us and I find that everybody has something to teach us about their angle on this. So we have speech-language folks come we have an OT come we haven't yet had the bitches come but you know, we can work on that lie. I actually think Casey this is a really cool thing. I think we should make ourselves to day unpaid interns and we come and we set up exactly we go in and we just announced everything that's happening. I think it will be hilarious. I think that collaboration is key. I mean we learn that even when we're studying for the exam or whatever it is you collab, even though ABA were say evidence-based empirically supported. Guess what? Other fields are also evidence-based and empirically supported and we work together. We collab which I love you saying that about speech-language OT whatever it may be. It also may be true that some people are more intuitively doing things that work and get reinforced for it. Even though they have no idea about the underlying principles, but don't worry. The behavior pitches will label that for you. We can't act any tact is labeling things in your environment we could Attack the shit out of behavior anywhere. Try me actually. In fact, I gave my husband for Valentine's Day a coupon that said this coupon allows you to use at any time for me not to talk about behavioral principles for 10 minutes. That's a great for 10 minutes. And then you threw in a behavior Prince Henry the bottom of it and I was like this this would be negative. Sorry whoops like as a joke, like so he could see that I wrote it Steve perfect. I love it. So I mean we have covered so many damn things. But actually Casey I think I mean if you talk about this after that episode, but I think we should go stay at my sister in the city and we plan the time that we could come in and I would just love to like Steve. It's you're right. I mean, this was a brilliant idea. We just go in and we Sports because I don't know anything. About actual Sports. It's sweet. We just broadcast what's going on? Yeah. I love it. It's great if he's so fun. Okay. Now we actually have covered most things on the list, which is insanity. I want to make sure I get in one resource for people are you didn't do token economy will get there, but I want to make sure we have this free online web course that teaches this treatment and the research that we did on the course shows that people come out significantly more. Our knowledgeable and a bit more skilled and literally over 2,000 people taking the course for free since 2015. So it's selective mutism learning dot-org all one word. Is that yours? Yeah, we created it when some grad student at NYU in the business school of all things said I need to do a project. Is there anything I can do and so we put up this web course and it has stood the test of time. It's really fun. What is it selective mutism learning dot-org. Org well and you know what I add to show notes. It was also I think Chelsea also had that in her show notes when we when she came in. Yeah. Okay guys, I added it again. So here's the deal on our token economy. We start out with a fixed ratio 100 continuous reinforcement in place. That's when you're teaching a behavior. You want to reinforce that shit every single day every time and position baby acquisition successive approximations. So if they get a bit of a word out we're all over it with that token reinforcement shaping and so I have a question for you guys why am I the first to fade the ratio to less than fr1 compared to my trainees what do you mean is uhm if you if I if I look at my trainees how they treat cases I look at me I am quicker to not reinforced on every verbalization than they are is it a because I'm lazier or be because I have a better kind of gut sense of the momentum that the kid is building and that they don't need the one to one corresponding you have a learning history of what works probably more terms I think so and if you're going to be teaching a Go to call technical like being technological and giving someone else, you know, there's a higher likelihood. It's going to be successful if you give that specific like hey, I need you to use an FR 1/4 20 responses. Then we're slowly going to fade it to a VR to about every to write or whatever it is. Yeah, so I think that you have been doing it for so long that sometimes. What actually happens like I think at least you know, there's things that protects a as like the protocol and I say someone new learning something and then as you go on you start feeling out things like I think a certain point I could feel out people and be like the two primary behavioral terms. It's what I've heard you guys allude to before that. We are subject to the same goddamn contingencies that everybody else's so I've been shaped to be able to get away with that which means that I can release the kid sooner and know that confidently that they're going to do well, And you realize that if you continue to do that FR one what is going to happen prompted? Never gonna be? All right. It'll be prompt upended the whole time. So what I do is kind of look for if I have myself and a kid in the room. Let's say a faded out the parent already and then I bring in the teacher and I say to the teacher very transparently in this work. Do me a favor just watch and hang out on the side of the room while I show you how we do our thing. And that's how transparent we are. What I'm looking for is about an 80% response rate. Or any spontaneity from the child if the kid is answering 80% of my prompts or the spontaneous. I know the teachers ready to come half the distance and that's kind of my default movement is come half the distance from where they are to where we are. And then again if the kid is 80% responding to prompts or spontaneous, I have them come half of half the distance and before you know it they're sitting next to me and while I'm doing the the forced-choice open-ended questions I want Teacher still doing the child-directed stuff only until I very subtly say go ahead and ask your first forced choice question, right? But listen, so I know we were talking about this last night in our supervision class that we were doing as a bcba when you have supervisees and you're training them and you know, the importance of being really clear concise and technological in your protocol. So I'm sure on this learning selective mutism learning. Org, you probably had to be technological and you say do this on every single thing right there certain things or you know in our textbook our Cooper textbook. It says when you're doing a functional analysis go through all four all four variable or all for function conditions. Yeah conditions, whatever it is, you know, but once you've been doing it for a little while, yeah, it's different than like like for example, yeah. Straight up with you ready for validity. So you got really high reliability, but you may sacrifice a little bit of validity. And of course if you want to get real nerdy, if you're doing a fake get Talk Nerdy To Me Baby don't want to go through all four conditions. There's a thing called a contingency adduction, which means that you are just going to if you see the behavior happening high in the attention face, you know, what screw it we're not going to go through the ones let's immediately throw that adduction. We're going to offer not Non-contingent reinforcement see if it changes offer reinforcement for an alternate appropriate behavior. Here we go. I love this shit. Sorry. There we go. Thank God, they could hit rewind and go to the half speed. Yeah, seriously, we had so much time I listened to you and then I have to kind of sit back sometimes to once we did, you know, you can do that on your podcast. Yeah. It's so cool. Tell you I just per se I just like pinching myself a little bit. I'm like we have this amazing big dude in this field listening to our Behavior pitches episode like we did do not ever see this coming and I don't feel so that you know, we're like who's gonna want to listen to us, you know, these two girls just talking shit about behavior all day long and the fact that you show us such interest it means So much, especially someone with as much experience as you have and knowledge is just so cool. And also Steve the coolest thing he did to is when we first talked to him. He sent us in the mail these pins that says get uncomfortable. When does it get comfortable being uncomfortable and thousand of them in my closet here anyone feel of it? Like I got this in the mail and it said a nice handwritten card, right? And we are such handwritten people. We like right here. I'm sending out handwritten cards. You guys can see it but Steve can he did the same thing a handwritten card like can't wait to get to know you guys thousand of them in there. I love it. And so like that's like the the touch the like just caring and kindness and compassion of who steered toward paying it forward agreed. Yeah. We're just so blessed and happy that you came on today and that you you know, he even emailed my week. I'm so excited to do this the funniest part to eat. Males in one of the things he said in the email was hey guys. I just had to Google what AF mint which it means like cool outfit great cool app like had to Google it and you know, just great just so real and honest and that's exactly what we're trying to do here and disseminate this science in all aspects and relatable and understandable ways. So that people don't feel like it's such a threat or it's like so scary. It's not guys, it's not so I'm just we will be and we are looking forward to Live broadcasting from a selective mutism clinic near you we will be breaking down Movement by movement verbal operant by verbal operant everything that we could tact. We are going to call it at acting day at the selective mutism to see that this happens everywhere with one press of a triple double. Let's see. I triple double I don't like a basketball. Upland basketballs like more than ten rebounds more than 10 assists and more than 10 points. Okay, so ten ten ten, so we're going to have to like keep date. So could be 10 that you do 10 tax 10 successive approximations 10 differential reinforcement of appropriate responses. Oh, yeah, we can totally do this. I love now in our in our disruptive work that would have to be ten active ignoring zuv inappropriate but non dangerous Behavior. With contingent reinforcement when the appropriate behavior reappears, thank you for coming back in the room. Seriously if you're talking dirty to us right now and it's just great to have you know, and again and not to mention like not to call out but age difference right? Like Steve's an older man in the field. He is what I don't know 30 probably hear what and I you look about 1997, right? 97 yep see five next month awesome my social security card AARP coming at your hot go look and he's pulling it out guys anyways guys on that note we are so happy that we had Steve Kurtz on the podcast today and guess what this will not be the last that you see of the combination between the bitches and Steve thank you so much we've been waiting for this me too I know you have cos email you sent yesterday or like I didn't get the link to join can we just do this already I love this on a 230 you can I hea love it oh my God we would have came out and shot the shit with you we love it's our favorite thing to do so thank you so much Steve Seriously, though when I when I am in New York, I will reach out and I would hope Casey would come to I'm in New Hampshire. I'm not far my husband's from New York. It's a very we visit a lot. So yeah, well not that Binghamton in New York City are the same at all but no judging. Okay. Anyways, it's teams taking his head. So aggressively. I just watch rounders the other night. They go up to being you know that movie. Yeah, it's all about Behavior to or that's really that's the movie. You should dissect rounders. I'm writing it down. If you don't know this is what I do when I'm this is a good show idea and I checked that behaviourally these guys are gamblers. Can you do it with us? Because I didn't like you I like your energy. It's fun. It's fun. Yeah, we have a good weave a good like three way here. Not threesome because I would get weird again, but three-way sub. All right. Is I'm daddy. Alright, thank you so much for tuning in Steve. Thank you. As always love you Nina name. Hey guys, it's Lia at Dan Casey. We just want to take a second to let you know that if you're thinking of being a millennial like us and starting your own podcast, there is a way you can do your show without having to become an audio editing and production wizard because guess what we don't know shit with that, but we have Alan that pretty easy podcast who helped us get started. He records are. Knows he post them. He adds awesome awesome music and cool shit. When we don't even know what he's doing. He sends us teaser episodes. He doesn't all we just sit here and friggin talk. We shoot the shit and you can record from home your office the park a bathroom stall at work. It doesn't matter. He provides the complete podcast studio. All you need is a microphone and you're good Alan caters to your schedule. Owl and gives you a producer for your show at your beck and call he has been super flexible with our schedule whenever we need him or Google Calendar. We just booked him and he does all the hard work. It's like so incredibly easy. That's why it's probably called pretty easy podcast. So be heard and have some fun podcasting like us go to pretty easy podcast.com today.