Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just concluded his QE2 program six hundred billion dollars by back in t-bills the end in June 2011 the key we didn't work. Thanks for Tulane and consumers were perhaps a free to borrow. The market wasn't sure what to expect Nick's no one really did at that time, especially especially after such a catastrophic economic meltdown, but expectations will arrive that if QE2 have failed they will be another QE coming from the fed and this time it will be bigger than the last in the background the US was spending more and more to keep the economy afloat such as the troubled asset relief program or what is commonly known as tarp. In short although inflation was no wavering is hit in September 2011. There will be expectations that affects multiple QE programs would eventually lead to uncontrollable runaway inflation more crucially. It is an erosion of trust in the u.s. Dollar you see in the world Fiat money and dollar bill is not backed by gold but back by faith in holding a dollar bill, there must be faith that the u.s. Government. Good what it claims to be the value on the dollar? With the budget deficit going to to a point percent of GDP and more expectations of QE programs coming and bearing in mind that this was when the world economy was badly hurting from the 2008 crisis many people sought refuge in Nostalgia trustee logo, which has been used as a store of value for thousands of years. Fast-forwarding it back to today go has risen because the coronavirus feels have investors on edge. No one is entirely sure how badly the economy will take a hit from the virus. But what is markedly different from 2011? He said there is no widespread expectations or runaway inflation and more crucially a run on the trust in the dollar these missing elements suggests to me that go will struggle to break a new record or even Esta record high set in 2011. So does this mean that one should stop holding on to go the short answer is no and the longer answer is it depends on your investment objectives? The reason Carnage in the US equities Market was marked by Haiti genes in the precious metal go has repeatedly proven itself to be a safe haven counter-cyclical acid that helps to negate volatility in any Investment Portfolio. Diversification is highly crucial investment and go has shown itself worthy to small now overall portfolio volatility. That's all for this week's podcast on Commodities. You see you next week. This has been a podcast from ocbc Bank followers on Spotify for more episodes like the one you've just heard.