Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far and don't forget toAnd suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to everyone we try to get to them all they're being written down taking notes trying to figure out right time right people to come on these topics because we still plan on having guests and all that. It won't Just be me won't just be us but we have to get it right timing and we don't want to just bring someone bring someone on because their quote unquote influential want to be able to share truth with you all in a practical way. That's just an shal. That's just our nature. Not just influential. Mmm. Oh poet John, please. Let's jump on today's episode today. We'll be talking about emotional manipulation manipulation. And it's weird because I started working on this and I want to say I want to call her old. It was an older person message me on Instagram saying they had issues. I guess what the younger people in their church and she felt as though the younger women were basically getting played or you know by specific guy and I was just like another like well, this is perfect timing. This is something that needs to be addressed. So hopefully we can tackle some of the things that you can look out for times some things you can Pay attention to so you can know if you're doing this to someone or you're speaking to someone that's trying to do that to you. Right? I don't know if you want to start/stop you let me start you start us off she back and she ain't been going on. That's not true. And for those who say they can't hear me you go hear me tonight just business you better choice for you start coughing again. So I would say the number one thing to look out for when it's when you're dealing with someone that maybe most Nearly manipulating you is that you're always the problem and I say that because there a lot of people that refuse to believe that they're wrong, you know, they'll never admit their wrongs don't never let themselves in a mirror. You know, it's always you you're the issue. You're a problem. You're the reason why I did this you're the reason why I said that it's never a matter of oh man. I said the wrong thing I did wrong thing. It's a matter of you're the reason why which may mean they don't feel sorry for doing it. They're just sorry. You're upset, right? That makes sense. Do you think that sometimes if someone is if you're always a problem do you feel like maybe it's just that the person is prideful or maybe they just don't know how to say that they're wrong. Not necessarily things a little both. I'm sorry not cut you off. I just think it's a little of both because I have that same issue at times. Whereas I know it's Pride, you know stopping me from you know, being humble and taking the low road but also do know. I have a hard time saying I'm sorry, you know, so and I also feel like it's difficult to say, I'm sorry when I really don't think I was wrong. You know what I mean? So I don't think it's I don't think it really relates the same way because there are times when you're trying to make me I guess see it your point of view and I'm looking at it like oh my soft. This is what is happening. I'm trying to show you my point of view, you know, so it leads to us arguing as well. But I believe that it's really manipulating someone to the point. Where as it does. It matter if they could see their wrong or not, you know, the pride is getting the best of them. Whereas it doesn't matter how you explain it. No, you're wrong. Like I want to have done that but it's your fault. You know what I mean? No matter how you try to word. It is your fault. So they managed to still make it be about you rather than you know, they always show up so that they're not perfect right? They don't make mistakes. Yeah, those are people I believe they call narcissist because they're you know overly in love with themselves. You know, they can do no wrong. They'll get arrested and it's the cops fault. You know what I mean? It's just always someone else's never them, you know, and Jesus talked about people that would you know, you know, they're so quick to point out the flaws in others, you know, so someone else has a little issue in your life just a little speck and they'll point that out in your brother's eye and there's like, oh, well you have this issue or you struggle with that sin or whatever and Jesus is like yeah, you're pointing out there flaws while you have a whole log in your eye and I feel like people that are emotionally manipulating others are always quick to show someone what they're doing wrong because it's true what you did wrong so they can easily make it be about you while ignoring everything about themself if that makes sense. And do you think they purposely do it if it's done like they're purposely, you know, making it seem like you're always like the one in the wrong. I mean, I don't know if I would say worry and say no. I just got to say because I feel as though sometimes people don't realize that's what they're doing exact like they literally think you know that they are right. They don't mean someone emotionally manipulate, you know, exactly exactly. That's the reason why I view it that way and I'm not saying that these people are delusional but for lack of better terms, that's really what they are, you know, because it doesn't matter what's going on. They've never been wronged like I've dealt with people like that. It's like you don't want to hold a conversation with them because no matter what you're going to find a way to make me feel like I was in the wrong no matter how you acted. You know what I mean? And you know, it's always going to be about me. So it makes you just look at it. Like you know what I'm not even gonna bother it's like arguing with a fool like it's not going to get anywhere but I think once you once you're saved and once you develop your own relationship with God and once you allow God to change your heart, even if this is something you do and you don't realize it maybe you're doing it to someone else that will be revealed to you. God will reveal it to you some hey somehow some way so that you can you know altered that or change that if you realize you're doing this to someone yeah, and I believe that that's Claire. It's clear when someone is not spending time with God by how they treat others and I say that because in Isaiah chapter 6, you know, he had an experience where as you know, he mentions in the year that King Uzziah died. I saw the Lord high and lifted up, you know sitting on the throne of his glory filled the temple and he Actions all that but he mentions that when he's exposed to the glory of God. He said, woe is me so he being a prophet being a man of God being a man who's probably living more. Holy life than everyone else is still saying. Woe is me. He realized he was an issue compared to God, you know what I mean? And I feel like a lot of times when you're spending time with God you realize how insignificant you really are or how imperfect you really are. So you really don't have time to judge other people. So when people are always thinking they're high and mighty and everyone else. Is the issued and that shows they're not really spending time with God if that makes sense. Come on word. No, but it really shows I really believe that's proof, you know, because the Bible talks about loving your neighbor loving God love your neighbor is pretty much the entire Bible, you know, and that's the goal of everything. So if you're not treating people the way that God wants you to treat them and that shows you're not spending time with God because you can assure you can't spend time with God and just treat his people like that and treated people like garbage. That's that's past hypocritical adjusts oxymoron. to make any sense But okay so for somebody to make eye contact with me like she don't know what to say. But another thing we want to talk about is people that apologize and don't change. All right, and I believe that's a lot of I believe that that can happen a lot of situations. I can only speak from what I've seen what I've done, you know and what I've been exposed to but if someone is apologizing and they're not changing then they're not sorry for what they're doing. Like let's let's look at it from a spiritual perspective people. Don't know. What kind of church is. You may go to that's listening. But when the Bible talks about repentance is talking about turning away from sin and you're not going to heaven if you don't repent, you know, but before you can do anything you have to believe in that a next step is repentance and a lot of people are saying, you know, they're Christians, but they've never turned away from their sin. They never turned away from their lifestyle. They never turned away from you know, things of the world, you know, so when they go to alter and just cry God, I'm sorry, then that's not impressing. God and making God. Oh jump up and down. No Bible mentions that Angels rejoice when a sinner repents because that's when they turned away from sin to turn towards God, you know, so we have to think about that now regards to our relationships if someone hurts you and then you let them know. Hey that hurt me. I didn't like the way you did that or said that and then they don't change then that show oh and they apologize. Yes, but they don't change then it just shows either they won don't respect you or two. They're not sorry for what they did. Or three they don't see that there is a problem with what they did or basically really just don't respect you because you can't tell someone I'm sorry and then not change because that shows that you aren't genuinely sorry because your actions are going to follow where your heart is that makes sense. That makes sense. And if if this if whoever you know, you're talking to if they're going to church to get with you that's manipulation. Yeah, they are not they're not being Genuine they're not being their true self or getting to know God on their own for their own salvation. Like they're not they're doing it for you. And that is that shallow that shallow love because that's not that's not the intent. That's not what God wants if someone is going to go to church they need to do it for themselves for their personal relationship with God and eventually if they're going to church for you eventually. They can't keep that facade up for a long time, right the you're going to see Their true colors whoever they are outside outside of trying to please you because they're going to church is going to come out. I remember when I was not so saved I okay. Okay, casually 3 I know I'll always been in church, but I remember when I was coming out of high school, I'd never had a boyfriend before and I just said hey, you know what? Why not and I started dating someone who was on saving and I knew it wasn't going to go anywhere. But one thing I did notice is that you know, he tried like, you know, he would, you know, come to church with me he would, you know read his Bible he would and and I at first I thought I literally thought maybe it was genuine. Maybe it was for you know his own salvation, but then when I wasn't around or I remember one time he accidentally dialed me on the phone and So he didn't know I was listening and but he was talking to one of his friends and he never cursed around me. He knew I hated curse where he makes sure his friends never cursed around me. But when he accidentally dialed me I could hear in the background. He was just flipping off like curse words everywhere and then it occurred to me. This is why you don't what's what how do you call it? You don't flirt to convert. Is that is that is that the term we use because I realized he Is it having a genuine relationship with God for himself? He was doing it for me. It was a facade. I didn't know who he really was outside of you know, this this thing this image he put on to make me know that you know, he was he was trying to be a Godly person and if they're there and so if they're doing that if they're changing the way they they you know, if you know having a relationship with God because you know, they want a relationship with you that's not genuine and it's manipulation that goes into my Next point no, no, no don't get into your next point. So perfect scenario. She mentioned her side of that. So I was in I was dating a girl not saved but you know, she's related to people that are saved so she would come to church and she knows she knows I'm serious about God, you know, so she was I want to say she was genuine. I'm not I'm not gonna judge her. I want to say she was genuine she wasn't but I want to say it but she knows that my church believes in baptism. I'm not Judge any of your churches, but if you want to read the Bible Jesus said in John 3:5 that you need to be born of water and spirit and in Mark 16, it says he that believeth and is baptized. So if you're only believing and not baptized ain't go search the scriptures and have a conversation with that Pastor back to my story. So we went you know, we were talking and she knew I was serious about guys. So she wanted to I guess you want to be with me and she knew that was kind of like the deal breaker. So she's like she's gonna get baptized. I'm looking like wow. Yeah, she's taking steps like that's amazing, you know. So something like oh perfect. This relationship is going to go. Well then eventually it didn't go well and then we end up breaking up and as soon as we broke up, she never went to church again and I don't mean didn't didn't go to our church. You know what I mean? Cuz I cuz I know a lot of people you don't want to go to church with Jack's, you know what I mean, but she didn't even find another church. She just like God out the window type of thing, you know what I mean? And I'm not this not to say it ended on a bad note that she'd had got in the wrong light know it just showed that she was never in it for Spiritual, you know. I mean she thought getting baptized with impress me, you know, or make me happy when in reality that's not it's not about me. You know, I'm just happy that people are getting saved. I'm not you getting baptized is not going to make me want to be your husband, you know what I mean? But unfortunately a lot of people get in these relationships with people that are manipulating them, you know, because because they're looking at it like, oh well all it takes for me to get this guy to get this girl is to me to start going to church is for me to start reading my Bible, you know, it's for me to starts using churchy lines or whatever the case may be, you know, and then they think they're impressing you and a lot of us. We are very gullible. We can be so naive and we can think oh God is working on their heart and God very well may be but we need to take a step back let God work on their heart before you try to date them let God work on their heart before you marry them because I've seen save people backslide from church and turned away from God because they start dating someone in the world. I've seen people go from preaching go from On a Pulpit and go from teaching Bible studies or whatever it being so effective spiritually to dating someone who doesn't have the same convictions as them but because they were quote unquote taking step towards God, you know what I mean? They started dating them and it's so easy to get pulled down than it is to pull someone up, you know, so you need to be with someone that's on the same spiritual mindset, you know, the same spiritual play playing field as you then I won't say that we're always I won't say something. I always use thing the same. More I'm more spiritual or she's more spiritual than us. But it's the fact that something should be a solid foundation and your relationship with God should be that and you shouldn't compromise that just because he's cute and he goes to church or she's fine and she attends church. No house there. What would god really like outside of just attending Services outside of just getting baptized, you know, you need to pay attention to their fruit, you know, and sadly some people don't see the facade before they get married to these people. Then you're married to someone who doesn't want to go to church when you want to go to church and you're you're bringing the kids all by yourself to go worship. Well, he or she is home chilling or partying and then you find yourself praying praying yourself through a Praying your family, you know always asking for prayer to for God to save your spouse and this could have all been avoided if you know, yeah it, you know, you just saw the signs and allowed God to change their heart and not try to do it yourself, and it's not a knock on door. People that are in those relationships because there's some people that genuinely was serving God and then they just turned aside, you know, and you can't determine if your spouse is going to live for God or not. But at the same time if they're not living for God before you're married don't assume they're going to be living for God after you're married, right? So, yes, they may be emotionally manipulative you about the same time you have to use wisdom use discernment and not just be so determined to have someone that you settle for whatever is available. Amen to that and speaking of that. I think another thing is if if the person says, you know, if you loved me you would have or if they always use terminology like that. If you loved me you would you know, dress this way or or you know, speak this way or we're do this who this activities that's that's a bold-faced manipulation. Yeah, especially if you this person knew you before their Ship with you, especially if they knew you before the you're dating relationship and you used to you used to wear a certain things and and then when you you know get into a relationship with them all of a sudden if you loved me, you would wear your you know, your skirt a little bit shorter or whatever. It changes who you are as a person that you wouldn't have dressed that way if that person didn't say that now they make you feel like, you know, if if I don't wear this if I don't talk this way, maybe you maybe you don't love them and that's not fair that's manipulation because then you start finding yourself doing things dressing a certain way, you know speaking a certain way for this person to please this person because if you love them you would and before you know it you don't even know who you are anymore. Alright, God forbid you break up you you've lost yourself. Now you have to go through this whole process of finding who you are again, because you've changed your entire being for this individual. Yeah, that's manipulation. Yeah, and you know, you guys may not have experienced it but trust me that happens very I'm in if you love me you'll we're going to get married anyways, or if you love I don't see what's the big deal. If you loved me you would do this. If you love me, you'll do that. And if you have to prove your love by compromising it walk with God than trust me. God did not send them. It's not worth it. You know, you never have to compromise your biblical convictions for who God is sending you never have to lower your your Bible standards in order to please someone that God is sending because if you have to compromise who you are spiritually then Are our distraction they're not from God, you know, so please don't if you find yourself in a situation or you see your friends in these situations, please show them who they are because a lot of times beginning these things and we lose ourselves trying to keep up with people and this happens with friends as well. You know, because I remember one of them just say deployment but you know, you have those friends that are like, hey bro, man, it don't take it doesn't take all that deliver God, bro. You can you can read your Bible cool. But yeah, we bout to hit the club like you can go and they try to subtly that's how Devil Works. He's very subtle. He's going to try to manipulate. Yeah, he's going to get you to okay, you can live for God broke, but you ain't got to do all that. You know what I mean? And they try to get you to the the more you can get comfortable, you know, because I've seen people you can you can tell a lot of times when someone is backsliding way before they leave the church. The outfit is different the friends the friends are different, you know, the way they were excited about church. They aren't excited anymore. You know, they're excited by everything else except God, you know what I mean? You can see the slow progression and a lot of times it's because they're around people that are manipulating them. They are around people that aren't spiritually helping them. They're around people because they want to fit in and I understand that no one wants to stake out. No one wants to be that person. That's the weirdo and no one wants to be the person that everyone makes fun of no one wants to be that person that you look quote-unquote lame. You know what I mean? I know a lot of times I've done foolishness in order to fit in and then you know, but I have a friend that I knew since maybe kindergarten and we're still Good to this day and I had a whole bunch of people in my life. That would try to get me to compromise who I am, you know, in order to be friends with them. And this guy's known me since I was in kindergarten if I want to be stupid. He'll probably be stupid with me, but he's not inviting me to no foolishness and will still be cool later like he knows that's he didn't choose to live for God, but he knows my friend was lives for God and I'm not about to disrespect as what will God, you know what I mean? And there are some people in your life that you probably it's going to take a while for you to be able to witness to but if there Are in your life and they're causing you to stumble. You have to get them out of your life. But there are some people that are in your life that aren't living for God, but they are not disrespecting or what we got in those are people you need to pay attention to because those are people God is bringing around you so you can influence them. But and please don't think that some regards to dating if God put a person of the opposite sex in your life. The best thing is probably to get someone of the same sex to help Mentor them, you know, get someone, you know to be that accountable person countability. Heartbeat at that person to help disciple them. But you trying to flirt to convert, you know, and it gets messy date someone into the kingdom. It's going to get messy and you don't want to be that person that loses yourself all for finding a ring right and that and not to say that you know, that's something that won't work because I've seen people, you know, I guess quote on quote flirt to convert. Oh, you know any of those weren't saved come to church and they love they love each other and And the other person gets saved and they get married and they've been they live happily ever after one of the most spiritual couples that I know like been married probably close to 30 years. Now wife mention that you know, she was in church. He saw her. She's like I'm not dating some unsafe guy. So she told him you got to get safe. He came to church you got sick. You don't have to be because when a guy knows what he wants he's got to go after you know what I mean? So he he he only came by Jesus because he wanted a woman but God ended up turning that guy to a preacher. You know David and just the fact that ladies I know a lot of you are you know, it make you feel desperate at times and guys. I know a lot of you may feel like man, there's no girls in a church and you're wondering though if I just compromise, you know, I could get them in church. Listen, if God touches them first, then you can pursue a relationship but don't think starting to relationship and then asking God to bless it is going to bring his his Blessing. It's not going to bring his Blessing that could bring a curse from the devil. Once the devil can get you to compromise a little bit sin has were satisfied and in this candy keep snowballing from there, but I'll let you down until next time talking too much. I want to scare people away. Alright. So another thing is when you have a disagreement they make you feel less than by using phrases like no one will ever love you the way I do I've seen that I've seen that so many and not that it's happened to me because I'd have been like let's not even go there, but she The black girl face. Yeah, I like who you talking to like. Come on now, but let's be real go ahead. I think that this this more so happens for people who are like deeply in love. They really think or you know, they really find themselves in a position where this is the person that maybe they see that, you know a real future with and maybe because if it's somebody you just started talking to and they tell you this I would have gone like, all right. Thank you you doing too much, but and I think that's where the issue lies. You don't want to lose them and you really start believing that you know that they're the only person that can love you the way that they do and lesson who cares what they think at the end of the day. You don't need it. You don't need to listen to anyone's toxic seeds of doubt you own this need to listen to anyone's disrespectful words or putting you down or making you feel like you're less than anything or anyone's condescending tone or or disrespectful nature because we don't have work because Married, your worth is not in your relationship your Workforce in our any relationship with a man or a woman your offers any relationship with God and you know, so if you feel as though you need that person to be validated, it doesn't matter how great of a spouse you get. You will never know who you really are until you have a relationship with God until you're secure in your walk with God. So if anyone tells you no one is going to love you the way I do or not. Listen, Jesus died for you right and if they feel like where they need to go die, they need to go prove it then you don't have any like weird. God will send you someone who loves you even better. Yeah, God is able to exceed our expectations. Please understand. You know, someone probably won't love you the same as them at but that is a amazing thing that God is not going to send a second person in your life to try to manipulate you you know, God is going to send someone better who's not going to try to you know, chart change you or allow you to do anything foolish, you know, or or cause you to compromise who you are with God in order to be with them, you know, so, please don't think you know, that's normal behavior because a lot of times I feel like people stand these relationships because they think it's normal when all you're used to is dysfunctional relationships, you're willing to put up with a whole bunch of toxic, you know, comments and disrespectful comments because if you saw your parents go through it, then that's normal or if you saw your siblings and your friends go through it and that's normal but that's not biblical and just because something is normal and societies terms does not mean that's God's will for your life, you know, so don't put up with people that that I feel the need, you know to put you down and they can't disagree as an adult. You know, they make you feel like you're not important unless you view it the way they view it unless you're pleasing them. That's not God's plan. All right, and another thing is people threatening to kill if if if the your significant other is threatening to kill themselves or expose things about you because you guys have a disagreement or because they don't or you because you know you To an argument or because they're upset about something that's manipulation. Yeah, no matter what you what you guys what argument you guys getting what disagreement that person should love you enough to keep whatever between the two of you. They don't need to expose anything about you and that goes for friendships to if it's somebody's in your life and they're trying to just expose you and you know out of just malicious intent just put your business out there. They don't need to be in your life family friends. As boyfriend-girlfriend, they don't need to be in your life. That's manipulation. Yeah, so I don't recommend this for any of you to try something crazy like this, but my brother my brother, I want to say he tried to get his way with my I think it was my mom or maybe was my grandpa because my grandpa was the one who responded my brother was just like man, you know, he just going through it. You know, I just feel like killing himself. My granddad said here's my gun. He pulled out his gun hand it to him. He said go ahead and here's the sign. I'm I'm just playing, you know, but and obviously I'm not recommending that because some people you never are on edge. But my thing is there are some people that do know that when I make certain comments I can get from you what I want because they know how to play with your emotions. That's what I'm not saying you do something drastic to prove or to go after their Bluff, but I'm letting you know that there's some people that they aren't having any issues. They're trying to manipulate you into doing whatever they want from you they want to get your money. They want to get your time to want to your attention if you don't do Ooh something you don't text back fast enough. They think you're cheating. If you don't call them when they want you to call them. That means you want to break up with them. It's always an issue and it's like don't allow someone to manipulate you into doing what they want you to do because that's that's not even what God does God does it? God gives you free will why date someone that doesn't give you free will you know what? I mean? It's like you're dating someone who wants to put you as their emotional slave. You know what I mean? And that's that's a complete joke, you know, and I believe that some people do have you know these suicide Dotson also harming themselves, but please don't think that you dating someone that is suicidal was going to stop them from being suicidal, you know, so people that are any situations. They need to have help. They need to have therapy professional exactly counseling or can't help them unless you are a therapist and even then you're in a dating relationship. It'll just complicate things exactly. You need to find them the help that they that they need but yeah, yes because if someone is in a relationship and And if the relationship isn't going well there and they're considering suicide or considering harming himself or they're feeling you're feeling I don't know this dejected in general. Then that shows that person isn't meant for isn't ready for a relationship and I say that because they're putting the person you're dating in the place of God, they're everything their peace their Joy their happiness because no one can be that for you period South is an amazing wife, but she's not God she can't be and it's not fair of me to have her. Be what only God can be Bible mentions that in God's presence is fullness of joy and suffers presents. I might be stressed someday. So, you know what I mean? And you know, she's great buy but that's that's a little that's a real thing. A lot of people they want to make it seem like you have to be there everything and your spouse is not meant to be everything. No person. You're dating is not meant to be your everything, you know, so don't think you have to do stuff like that in order to please anyone and I know we've talked about a subject that I want to say. It's kind of heavy because a lot of people refuse to believe Leave that there in these scenarios But please understand this happens in church. Like I'm not saying this is my homies from the hood or little Susie from the suburbs and know this is literally sometimes in church where people are trying to emotionally manipulate you from their leadership position or someone would try to use their title in order to abuse or mistreat people. You know, there are a lot of people in leadership what think I think God for leadership that I have, you know, but there are some Churches whereas the leadership can Be trusted because you know, they have ulterior motives and regarding certain things, you know, so you have to be careful when it comes to this stuff because the stuff can happen in church is stuff can happen among Ministry this stuff can happen regarding parents as well or people telling you you're not allowed to date someone so and then you would ask why and it's just a reason there's no reason, you know what I mean? So no one at least if anyone had issue with me Marin, so if I wouldn't have cared just don't come to the wedding, you know. And I mean because if I saw if I saw God for myself before I even brought her up to people. Okay, that means I'm just I'm just allowing my leadership to approve my parents are perfectly fine and spiritual people write my pastors find that point. We don't show person. I don't need anyone's approval if my parents and my pastor is like I'm proud of you go ahead do the right thing, you know what I mean, but there's some people whereas they want to date someone and their leadership is like, oh no well, I don't think that's a good idea and I believe in being submitted to your leadership. You can't be in God's will without being submitted to his spiritual leadership at the same time. If no one is good enough for you or you should never be married or you can be married when I say you can be married or you have to be married to a specific person. All of those things are emotional manipulation, you know, so we have to pay attention to these things. You know, I'm not sure. I'm not sure the exact ways that we have that we we can use to resolve it. But I do know when you're dating someone that's in those scenarios. You have to be willing to step back. You have to be willing to let this person get the help that they need because you don't want to date someone get married thinking marriage is going to change that marriage is finally going to please them only to be stuck and miserable. I'd rather you be single for a long time then married and in prison. But that's just me. This is you does everybody I can't speak for the people, you know, but I don't know man. I don't know what how do you view this stuff? We're in regards to leadership. How do you how do you view dealing with that? I mean, you never experienced never I've never experienced it but I've heard it happening and sadly. It's I feel like that's the worst kind of manipulation simply because you trust I mean you you especially I don't know I feel Some people in some people will go to church they see that happening and then they lose all trust in God they lose. It causes their relationship to completely dwindle. They're like, well, you know, if these people who you know are so in, you know have such a great relationship with God or they're supposed to and they're supposed to be our leaders if I can't even trust them. Who can I trust right at that point and sometimes people leave church and I feel like on the leadership sparked and I feel like I'm just going off like on you know on a different road than this, you know manipulation but and Leadership part, it's it's it's wrong and it's sad that there are there are people out there pastors preachers that are manipulating, you know, young woman young men whatever and it's just really sad. I really I've never experienced it myself, but I've seen it happen and I feel like it's just the worst type of manipulation because then people start to lose trust in the church and then Start hearing things, you know, that's why I'm going to church anymore because they make you know shows about it now and yeah less ended up a good no, we're not we're not we're gonna get on that so so far I would ask if there's a young lady listening that you believe that she believes she's possibly Anna emotionally manipulating relationship. What's your advice to her ronsis? I got out of even know how else to say it. I feel honestly I'm I'm a firm believer. If you see a red flag, you don't ignore it. I don't ignore they see these signs and they and they know wait, aren't they? Wait until the color changes. Yes. They're ready. It's nice going to cover everyone wants to get married and who wants to waste their time. Even if even if after you know sometime after being in a relationship for a couple months you now see that red flag you like man if I let this end if I that means I just wasted five months of my life and who wants to go down that road who wants to start all over again and get to know somebody who wants To do that. So, yes, people stay people stay because they don't want to endure that hurt again. They don't want it. So they try and make it work. Unfortunately. No these sisters. Are you telling them? They need to make it work? No, absolutely not like how to make sure no one left here with that now got because I said right sis that's that was my initial phrase and I stick to it because I mean II think that it'll only get worse. Yeah, if someone is manipulating you and their realize you're staying even though they're manipulating you they're big will get away with a whole bunch of It's just going to get worse and you don't want to find yourself down that road when you're married and then you can't there's nothing you can do. You don't want to end up divorced. So I say if that is a red flag. That's a big red flag. And I think that you know, you should just let that relationship rest, you know and pray about the situation and leave it to God. I agree NFS any guys in that situation, please leave I won't say run just please leave because you might get hit by Hill trying to run but really the Bible does say I mean, that's evil. I feel like that's evil. So the Bible says flee the very appearance of evil to me that look evil so no, but that's that's real talk though, because I feel like a lot of people especially women. They love to they love to make it seem like they're in this own little fairytale world. And they refuse to believe that women are manipulating guys as well. And I believe a lot of women are manipulating guys outside the church allowing guys to compromise their integrity because there are times when I was called boring or corny for being a Christian guy, you know, and and there are a lot of girls talking about they want a Godly Man until that man wants to live for God, you know what I mean? So it's a lot of guys that compromise their purity compromise the Integrity compromised who they are spiritually in order to get a woman that God didn't even send his way, you know. So if you're in that situation bro, and sis is doing all this extra stuff you let her know. Hey, I'm trying to honor God now. I know we were having sex in the past but this is wrong and I want to be able to honor God and she starts crying but I don't get why we have to end and I am making up this entire scenario. I've literally had this messages messages like this in the past, but it's just your child to let them know like we shouldn't be doing that. You know, I want to honor God and then they'll try to cry or they'll buy don't get it. We did in the past. God will forgive you know in Like that that shows you you need to go don't make excuses for these type of situations. And I think another thing this is a little sidebar like I think another manipulation a little another sign of manipulation is if the person is saying and this is in regards to like I showing, you know naked pictures or videos or whatever the case is, they're saying, oh you don't really got it like that. Let me see if it you know, like if if that's that's how You really got it prove it like, you know, send me something that's that's manipulation. They're trying to get you to yeah, use that reverse psychology. So you now you feel like you have to prove yourself. Yeah, you don't have to prove nothing know if he wanted that girl and he's calling you skinny. That's fine. Let me be skinny. Let me be skinny and single we're she say you ain't got no six-pack. Listen. I got a fat belly sis. I ain't got nothing. He's not the one for you. You don't have to say anything in order to prove who you are or your looks. All this stuff is just the devil's way of getting you to compromise and it's always going to be subtle is I'll wait it's listen. I don't know if you guys are are looking at it from the way we're looking at it. It's not going to be the ugly guy that you never like it's not going to be the ugly girl that you never like. It's always going to be the attractive person that you want. So badly that's going to try to manipulate you, you know, it's not going to be something that was not sending stuff that doesn't attract us the devil is not sending stuff. You know, that doesn't entice us. James says every man is drawn away by its own lusts. So the devil sending things that is very appealing to our flesh very appealing to our eyes. So you have to know just because someone is, you know tall dark and handsome or just because she has it going on. That doesn't mean God sent them, you know, so, please keep your eyes open. But yeah, that was a real good point that you brought up because I didn't even think about that. Yeah. No, I was going to say the reason why I thought about it is because Situation I don't with yeah, and I was just like this doesn't make any sense. Like I know who I am. And if you know who you are in Christ, you know, you shouldn't feel like you know, you have to prove yourself to anybody. Mmm. You know who you are. God knows who you are. So that's that that's all that matters. And so I thought it was, you know important to bring that up as well. I just click like for a second. I just came right into my head. Oh, holy ghost. Hey trapped in her spear. Well, we hope this helps. Someone we hope to help someone this was an episode we came in. It's like this is what you should do. We believe you should know this is a episode that we believe was just here to bring awareness to issues that are going on in church today. You may be ignorant of and not necessarily so you can know someone else is having a struggle. It's so you can know when a situation may come to you and you may know that this isn't God's plan. I need to step back, you know, so please if you're in that situation now you need to be able to have a conversation with them. Let them know I will not Tolerating such and such behavior and if they change and God is good. I pray you guys have a successful marriage. Yeah, but if that person continues to manipulate you or you don't see any growth or you don't see that person living for God. It was nice knowing you write as my pastor would say I you know good to see you. Here's a bottle of water. I'm having a good day. Goodbye, you know, so please please if you're in these scenarios, no one is going to look down on you just because you dated for five years and we assumed you were going to get married and then you broke up. It is better to break up now then be in a marriage and break up. So if you're in a manipulative situation manipulating situation, Please if it can't get fixed and just listen to what God is telling you to do. and as always if you're on Apple, please leave a five-star review. This is heavy, so we probably won't even get one after this episode, but you listen to the answer. We appreciate you all. Thanks guys. We really do appreciate your support and your love. We love you, and we hope you guys have a wonderful weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend because it's okay. It's gonna confuse me for a second. Love y'all love y'all. Peace.