What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler but there's a commercial break and there was this promotion for a show called Lego Masters and it looked look pretty awesome. We're all into Lego. We've actually all built a set together and it was a Minecraft set excellent set and the the premise of the show. It's like chopped or something you get like a time limit to build a Lego set and then you like show Them to the judges and then you're judged and like one person goes home. It's hosted by Will Arnett. Who is my first problem with the show. He is an awful hose and you wouldn't even think that you wouldn't think that all he's a great actor Grand Lego Batman himself. That's why he is hosting Lego Max. Like that's the sole reason they chose. Oh for sure. Like there was no other reason than like, he's sucks Batman. He sucks. He's awful. Yeah, genuinely and my second all the thing is for us as that. We feel like they give the bad teams a lot of second chances by second chances. I mean three or four and then we watched four episodes. We want this pair to get kicked out. But unfortunately the good characters are getting taken out of character. But basically our problem with the shows, they're sending home the people we like that's our problem, but it's Justified the people that deserve to stay like they give these bad characters Second Chances, but The characters they give the bad contestants second chances that aren't needed. Yeah, the good people who mess up one so like screw you buddy. And here's okay. I don't want to I want to spoil but here's what got us real bad. Oh because there are Two guys on the show that like absolutely kill it. Oh every time they build an awesome set my face like it moves and built. There's like mechanics in it made my Master's man. They are Lego Masters from the start they were and they when you win you get like a golden brick or whatever so that you can use it. Well, that's like it's like an immunity on the first episode they won so they got the immunity. But yeah. And they built a set and that the judges like bullied them into using it like the entire time. They were like I would use that golden bricks a good thing. You have that golden brick so you can use it later right there like bullied them into using it and they used it. And then when it came to the chopping block, they never even brought those the two guys. I like they were not the worst team by any means no and we got a preview of The Next Episode which plays at the end but The end of every episode it always has a little like sneak peek of what's to come and this upcoming episode is is it like how it's all its skyscrapers? Yeah skyscrapers and those same guys that the hosts like not bullied them. What's the peer pressure peer pressured them to use their brick wall. Now on this next episode, they're set apparently falls down and destroys last second. Well, that's what it looks like and we're they're crying they're crying and you would not expect that from those and they would live out of they have to go and break if they hadn't been bullied by the judges to use it. They would be fine. We think we think the judges are really bad. I like picking and like obviously like yeah. Sorry. I just can't the thing is though is that Will Arnett is bad enough, but these two they actually have two other hosts that come on and they apparently build leg Yeah. It's like Will Arnett like hosts and then they have two judges that like walk around like periodically and they'll talk to the contestants. It's always really crappy feedback. Like it's really like like their feedback is like I really like the way the dragon moved. It was a very good move. It was like we can see that bro. Yeah and and and but they'll point out something that isn't necessary. Like this doesn't tell a story. It's like I was their biggest thing. I understand that it doesn't tell a certain like here's pot one pot to pot three of your story, but the thing looks freaking sick and if someone built that amazing sculpture, I'm going to say you're a Lego man. Master From the Star hands-down late like every week is like a new competition and like sometimes they'd be focusing on like could tell us a story through your Lego building and like just the best teams who like make these amazing works of art. They're like, they're like, they're like, I don't know if you can tell the story or not. They're the stories not coming through after they throw them a freaking curveball like they're going to end the end to some respect. The story is important and like of course, but art think like basing the entire judging off of if you're able to tell a story is stupid. That's like being like the being like the critique is that this doesn't tell a story. That's not what I'm concerned about. I want to see like a really cool like dragon that has movable wings and like mechanics. Yeah. I look sick. That's what I want. You think about it a Lego master has to be diverse if they focus on only storytelling their pieces are going to be boring, but if a dragon can move and like like just freaking move out of line, Bro, that is a skill of Lego Master should have and I don't know like Max me want to watch it. This makes you want to watch the episode and just complain about it on this. Yeah. Well, I think the reason we're so angry is because like it's such a good concept for a show and it's a so excited but they execute it. So poorly so upset speaking of like figured out last episode that one of the producers Ooh sirs. Is Brad Pitt himself? Sorry native that everyone praises and why is he? Why would you prefer do why would you produce this show? Like I said, if you came up to me with this plan that hey we're going to make this hit show. It's going to it's going to be a on the like on the Super Bowl. It's going to be you know, promote it on the Super Bowl and a lot of eyes are going to get to it. And it's a Lego show that you can build its the childhood of many adults now and Kids now I would like hell yeah. I'm going to produce this get a rod. You know, I'm gonna produce that. What do you do? You think Brad Pitt do you think they came up to him? And he was like, oh, yeah, whatever. Yeah, whatever you could do it. I'm sure they also at all the footage you saw it. Is it possible like that? It's just it's just some rain. There's another do next. A random guy in Michigan like Brad Pitt Brad Pitt. Do you think they were like produce the show? You visually don't have to do anything like you could give us I don't know you'd have to do much but just so we can put your name in the credits and give us Cloud for ocean. But we didn't notice it to the third episode. They would have credit analyst. That's true. Yeah. I mean I wasn't really looking at the what is rad kit doing for the show. Is it money? I mean, it's getting a cloud when he's producing. It was put in. Into it so bright. You're going to look at his IMDb his IMDb put are producing is producers and you're going to see like all Masters like holy cow Lego. I gotta check that out Brad Pitt produced. Hell, yeah or two things people like is Brad Pitt and Legos. Yes, so it's smart. I mean if you come up to me and say you don't like Brad Pitt come on, but I think I do but if that was their pitch brother be advertising it like Legos Masters produced by Brad Pitt and the bomb they went to put him into the credits. It's genius what Lego Masters is a genius TV show changed my mind. Is that kind of a lame like thing to we're getting paid by Brad Pitt's we're gonna do this show. It's movies do it like candy man from executive producer Jordan Peele. It's at the currently obsessed. But he's also wrote the screenplay. It's just weird Brad Pitt. Well why Why Brad Pitt like received it like this? You don't know it's rhetorical. Yes. Okay, chief people why Brad Pitt Brad Pitt is a fan of Legos just like any other kid and adult out there. Hey, it's like you grew up in Missouri where there's nothing to do and you ain't ever play with Legos and listen to this. Maybe those are toes are key and ladies. No Brad Pitt because he's from the Ozarks. There were two o's are Grandmas on the show got kicked out first first. But but pretty quirky man. Do you think do you think they that their blood related to the pits at least friends at least friends? But at most blood the a the ages most it's blood the freaking age. The age Works. They would have been like 30 When Brad was just graduating high school, like perfect their parents. Yeah parents there Brad Pitt's to Mom's nothing against By the way, that was an implied on 57. Anyway, thank you for that. I think I think we said a lot about Lego now. I think they know our I think you know, we're still probably this is where they're about to check out because I don't but Lego Masters in Brad Pitt Brad Pitt Brad Pitt, and that's the title of this episode like a question mark question mark it's whatever we end up titling our podcast than like. Like produced by Brad Pitt that would get us now to give us money. Don't forget his money. It's gonna produce our podcast. I mean if he's pretty much like a master's he's like, I've already producing these guys - it's like 20 like requested a yeah. Okay. Yeah sure. Whatever. I didn't release this. I know we I know we talked about like my could just be ourselves. Let's do it. Let's do it. It's pretty good so far, right I think so. Yeah. I mean, it could go a kid go downhill. Let's figure out how to make it put a pot plot. That's true. Okay. So basically I don't have Esters and that's it. So now we're lost. Let's go we heard that the James Bond movie is getting pushed into yes. Yes, that's that's so disappointing. I think honestly, let's talk. Let's bring it back to the beginning of the James Bond where we had an announcement that Billy I wish was singing you don't Spawn movie now. I want to hear your real thoughts on this because I think it's a chill Vibe. It's not as cool as Skyfall. It's alright how I feel about this song but the song yes, because I remember you were you were you I know he was skeptical. I was skeptical it's definitely like like we got this hot artist. You see the song for us. That's not mine. And that's going to break like Lego Masters and Brad Pitt way to tighten the eilish and James Bond. What about it? Yeah. Yeah. It's the same as like, oh Master Brad Pitt. I mean you got someone famous thing in some he got someone producing phone payment, but like if yeah, it's been like with the dell and like with Sam Smith, it feels like they're like, yeah, they can write good songs. No offense ability no visibility, but like it feels like with Billy they were just She's hot. She's like the hottest artists right now. Well think about it was Adele one of the hottest artists when Skyfall came out. Yeah, but what summer John ra though? And I think okay. So tell me what you guys thought about the song. I think it's good. I've heard it once and it was when you played it that first time I think it was good. I think it's good. I listen to I don't think it's bad and I've heard it and listen to it. Yeah, it's not bad. It's not bad. I think it has the James Bond Vibe like how plays the James Bond music and I said that's cool as hints of it all back to that also like this might be one of the last James Bond movies. So I think like it does a good job of like Being like this. Is it? Yeah take that how you know, you see likeness. I think it I think it's going to be interesting watching Daniel Craig from last Democratic thing. I've seen his knives out and then now I'm sorry knives out and then seeing him that energy southern accent. Yeah. Well, like he said he was going to quit like two years like two movies ago. And so I think this is generally good might be it for James Bond for a while. Yeah, because it was also toxin they cages elbow being James Bond like changing a girl to dance was a lot of Bond but I think they my ends here we'll to be honest. This is my opinion. Yeah. It's right on like that's right on. Yeah staring a sticker right on the mic right is some are friendly I'm sorry. We've announced that all right. If from the topic of movies, here's a great topic and we're talking about earlier. Uh-huh. I think I know what you're talking about. Oh hell. Yeah just really quick the James Bond movie getting pushed back sort of sucks, but it's cool. We're kind of cool with it because it gives us more time to anticipate right exactly. That's how I feel. I just guess. All right, I mean So it's definitely like a bummer but it's not because it could do you feel like you know what I'm gonna talk about. I think I might then let's play got it. Okay, here's okay for those of you. I mean mostly probably do this again for those is a game called got it and you go 3 2 1 and you both say a word and then you have to think of a word that correlates with that and then you do the process again until you both say the same word. You'll get it once we do. Yeah. So anyways, if you feel like you know what I'm going to I got okay, I got it as well. Okay count us down three two one Batman. All right, perfect. New Batman movie or photos are being released weekly. I didn't say the Batmobile photos were released. It's definitely different and it's different and after seeing Lighthouse. Oh, it's going to be unique in its gonna be people. I think when you hear the name Batman, it's so like I don't like her but like it's so like Michael Keaton Christian Bale Batman. Yeah. This is going to be so much different. I feel yeah. I have no idea what I don't know the shoots difference more slim down and the car show me is well, I wonder because there was photos. Yeah, there were those Sports photos released of the suit and there was in the face and then there was photos released of a stuntman and I don't know how different that because the stuntman might be wearing like buffed up stuff. Yeah, because we're probably not. Yeah because he still shots. But I don't know because the suit looked bulky and it reminded me of dark night. Yeah, he says is difference between you and me man. Who's like you're wearing hockey armor. Nice. That's what I thought to begin when they're fighting the parking. Yeah, what's the difference between I'm not wearing hockey pads. That's right. That's drives off. And then this new world is a second time. Yeah. Yeah, I agree. It's definitely a different style. And you said the Riddler wasn't it? Who's it's the Riddler and penguin really? That's all the two villains commissioner Gordon's in it. He's still in there but I like it because it's two villains that haven't really I don't know. I mean they were main villains in like it was not Batman movies, but When you think of like Batman villains now Joker have Bane think of Joker in vain because of dark night. It's nice switching it up. But obviously you don't think of those two. I mean if you're around our age, most people don't that's fair. Like II watched the yeah Michael Keaton movies for if you ask any kid at the high school or whatever and kid, you're gonna be like, hey, what's your what's a Batman? Villain Joker Joker. It's gonna be first thing that comes to your mind is Heath Ledger, probably. Yeah. I'm just excited because Riddler and penguin or like probably like two favorite Riddler's my favorite Jim Carrey though. You got to work areas. Jim Carrey's role. So I guess on the topic of Batman. I guess I can ask the transitions were so smooth. This is like a three-second silence. Yeah. I know. So anyways topic I'm Batman since we're talking. About it. I guess this is like the most general question when it comes to this. What is your favorite Joker? Out of all of them Heath Ledger. Well, I really like Jack Nicholson a lot. Yeah. I like it a lot Mark Hamill kills it in the Animated Series. He's got the best. Laughs. I think he's got a good movie. Mmm. That's hard. I feel like there's different aspects. I feel like they're good for different reasons like Heath Ledger and Joaquin Phoenix. It's like, how do you compare those two? Yeah, because I think all such great I think working for me. He's not my favorite Joker, but he's like he did an amazing job. But like when I think of Joker, I don't think necessarily of like his performance. He says her it feels more of a curiosity. Although there has been more time for us to be like to see the face of Heath Ledger up to her for longer. But also like when I think the Joker I think of Batman and when I think about manly and just it just brings me to heal, I feel like personally in the long run Heath Ledger will be like the face of Joker like I could see him continuing to further be the face of Joker just because like kids are going to be like, oh no watch the Batman movie and I see Heath Ledger rather than be like I want to watch The Joker movie. Yeah, I mean and so they'll grow up with you pleasure to which doesn't mean his performance was like, oh yeah better per se but I think he can withstand the test of time and I think the Joaquin Phoenix Joker and Heath Ledger Joker like they're different that I think, you know Heath Ledger's more like crazy, you know, like more heat Joaquin is definitely like a different Joker than yes. It's more psychological like deep because we had a whole story to it of it to also from checking the time 20 minutes 20 minutes. Oh, yeah what but also we don't make sure it's not like boring what when do we stop 30 minutes? Well, yeah, I don't know whenever we're out of topics. I guess we shouldn't I love it ourselves. So we should okay, we're good. I we could split in the trunk. So we have illusion of a general consensus. Hey hours too long, right an hour's Tower at most what I mean plug a special podcast for like an hour and a weird. Guys, so who knows this? Well, we can listen back to this can bottle. One of us will be disappointing. But if not, then you're just listening to us rant about it. Yeah, so dude, we should whip. Hey Parker had a great idea about this podcast. Yes, let's yes you explain. All right. So we okay. So it was Christmastime 2019. I don't remember this. It doesn't waste Irish weight. You lose weight our good buddy, Patrick found. And we're going to tell you this part. All right, so all right, it's Christmas 2019. I went to a Christmas thing with my family and there's this thing called the pickle on a tree you have to find the pickle on the tree and I found the pickle and we had to open up a present. I open up this present its this game called trekking the national parks. I bring it over the boys house to play it first because what this game does not look fun. No, it's about national parks and I'm like, you know what? I'm gonna bring this over to try it. Out and so we set it down says huge map. It's filled with beautiful national parks and National Park cars. And the premise. Is there supposed to be like playlist fun game and also learn about National Park. Yeah, that's what it's aiming to do. So it doesn't sound fun at all, but we played it and we sort of fell in love with the game. Yeah, we play we used to play a lot. Yeah like a lot and it gets to the point where like really dude. Come on, like right you have like this cool little place. And you're like, well, I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do some this and I'm going to kill not kill. I'm not talking about the game and then I'm gonna like make Michael go back to the starting point and then he comes up with like this crazy thing that makes me go the starting point just like causes tension, but it's like the fun tension. So we had this is great strategy game and I have miss playing this game a lot. And so I said we were talking about the podcast and I was talking about why don't we call it? Trekking like the podcast and so doing the podcast we can talk like we have been for 30 minutes now. Yeah, but we could also play the game. We can also play trekking the national parks, which would hopefully take out awkward silence because yeah the minute we finish a topic we can yell at and yeah, we can film it and you can watch us play tracking right like and you what I do. I do think like I don't know it's just so it's an Because I don't want the podcast to become like video. So absorbed absorbed by us playing the game. In fact get to talk about topics. It's definitely have to be trial and error. It could be like a special thing like trekking Thursdays, you know what I mean? So what's right is there's what's the podcast called of is not tricking the the podcast, you know, I have her let's not talk about this because I have no idea what we're gonna restore and really everything releases. You guys got an idea gonna have a name yet. Say something. Here. Okay. Here's what we'll do. Let's be quiet for 10 seconds. Just silence. I just us three and the phone and maybe and maybe the audience could and the still out. Yeah, the audience can give us an idea other dr. Pepper. You know, here's what here's what we're going to will try to connect with you guys. And this like 10 seconds of Silence. This is like a beautiful day in the neighborhood when he's like just be quiet just like quiet. Yeah, it'll be like that feel. All right, let's just thirty three two one. Yeah, I got no idea back in the day. We had an idea for the pimping pot but it was like characters. We should have it be a name. We shouldn't have it be like some weird acronym, right? Yeah, I agree. It should because it is like what's watch but I but I but I think we have I think ideas come to us best when we're not searching for it. Yeah, I just kind of like it just come so when this episode comes out in two months when we finally have a podcast name. Hopefully I'd cast I sides I'm done talking. Shut up. And two months when we come up with the podcast name where we going to say. Hopefully the things we have talked about now are outdated 26 minutes took my phone just magically appeared what we started good now that he's coughing. He's gone. All right. Um, okay. Um, so we were Don't worry little bit up. It's on my bug costly procedures Circle by couple more examples on your all crisscross go. Dr. Peppers. It doesn't matter to them at all the doctor the the doctor the podcast should and when we're all done with our dr. Peppers, I am okay, then I'm not I'm not done either. I'm not close at all. Oh good. Feel the weight at all. Okay. So before this actually what we were doing so Parker has like this theater room and we've been watching these clips of Anchorman on you're talking about Anchorman. Yeah on the I mean, here's my thing about you. It's so funny and actually us three and another friend Tristan. We are doing a scene Afternoon Delight. Hopefully you guys No, the what that scene is. Let's have a taste of it right now. We're scrambling to get a live band on our podcast make them sing a cappella. No I was kidding. But this is my thing with anchor back side. You kind of caught ourselves is that we watch some scenes sometimes and we don't laugh like sometimes then we use say it to ourselves out loud. We realize how Funny like I think the writing is like I think it's something about like, I don't know because we watch it and they do it. It's like yeah, okay, but then for some reason when I hear you guys do it, even if you do it the same exact way, it's just funnier to me. Yeah, but we do the scene. It makes me laugh more. Yeah. I feel like when I don't know what to say. I'm like trying to scramble words out like I am right now because like this isn't awkward, but it's like I feel The need to be like so like it's the talk. There's definitely it's just like it's not sure we're putting on ourselves. That isn't really there. Like I feel like I'm being all the proper like I'm not slurring my words. Yeah because you want them to understand what you're saying and I guess like if we're just talking us three alone conversation is constantly flowing. Well, there's awkward silence, but it don't care because we'll just scroll on Instagram. Yeah, like you said like you said almost will fart are one of us and we'll laugh at it and they'll start anew. Two bits whiteness. We just like get up silence lasts a lot longer like it feels longer because we are noticing it have a zit on my back. All right. These episodes I got a zit on my back. It's time to close it. I think about 29 minutes. Well, let's last through this last 10 seconds. Let's close it off. Thank you guys so much for listening to our first episode will see you guys later. I guess. I love you all. I love you more. I love you less bye-bye, right