Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and Yeah, just totally obsessed with them. But for some reason I had that stuck in my mind very young. Yeah. Yeah. So why did you think you were so drawn to horses it in general? I was drawn to all animals. I actually wanted to be a zoo vet and work with Wildlife originally and I didn't actually want to be a horse fat but you know bit like I said horses for me just the relationship we've had with them over the years over the deck, you know of the centuries is just so powerful and I think that Bond between a horse and a human is is is quite a motive really if you think about it, we've domesticated something that is, you know, a ton of a ton of meat and is pretty powerful and actually pretty dangerous and I just find them to be the most wonderful mirrors, you know, you can't you can't fake emotion with them. They read they read you well, so working with them, you know in a job is just a real privilege really it's a lot harder being the vet because actually you're often dealing with them when they're painful. And being prey animals that makes life a bit difficult. But yeah, I was just kind of in all of them and I think in all of what they've done for others are as a species as you know, as a human species. Yeah, I agree with that actually and you know, I've never really been one for having a horse's domestic pet or anything like that, but I can see how powerful that that connection is between a human and a horse. It's totally different. To you know, say a human and dog in the car. It just seems so different. Yeah, it is it's and it's I find it very emotive. Like I can't even watch like the Lords of that without crying like watch the Olympics and I watch the show jumping or I don't really watch much racing. But yeah any any kind of feet where that animal is is is working at top form. I just find I just find stunning think that's the I think I think that's the best way to capture them. They are graceful and they are stunning and they are true athlete and I know you know, you know, I know you're you appreciate the the athletic mind and the athletic form and I think the horse is probably one of the finest mammals or the finest animals to Showcase that that phenotype. Oh, I agree. Yeah 100% So the other thing I wanted to talk about was you've done a PhD which in your own words were it was actually the hardest personal hurdle of A life. Can you just talk us through that Journey? Yeah. Wow, so I've always been one to kind of I've always been comfortable. I guess stepping outside of my comfort zone. I've always been told and new quite young in my age that you know, that's where the magic happens. If you do push yourself, I was a bit of I was at a bit of a career Crossroads and a very good Mentor of mine Professor proud when just setting out. Why don't you do a PhD and it wasn't really something on my radar but I I was so interested in horses. Like I've said and I was so interested in the influence of gut health on on whole Animal Health and this amazing PhD kind of came up at Imperial College now in hindsight and what I tell other people if they're thinking about going into phds, you've really got to be passionate about that subject. If you want to spend three or four years, you know doing it. I suppose what I hadn't realized because it was quite early on in my career is how lonely that that kind of experience. Be and how never-ending the list of things to do kind of was so the mountain was just huge and I couldn't even see the first step with it being an ambitious and full of prior to Proud kind of person. I found it really hard to ask for help because I thought what am I that I should be able to fix it? I'm a vet should be able to you know, do those I'm intelligent I should be able to understand this and it was literally like being thrown into the ocean. Thrown into the ocean without you know without with my hands tied behind my back trying to figure out this incredibly difficult science and also trying to kind of impress and kind of form relationships with a brand new team in a brand new city. So people say, you know, phds are often and often as much a personal kind of feet as they are a scientific one and for me, I found it personally very very Cool. I ended up actually having one of my first bouts of pretty bad clinical depression that later on I was diagnosed with type 2 bipolar which made a lot of sense later, but that was quite a hard thing to do when you're kind of on your own. Yes, you have a team but essentially you're doing that you're doing that course you're doing that program you're doing that science on your own and I found that excruciating Lee difficult and taught me so many lessons about myself. Well well and above over any of the science that I did. And a mindset was a massive part of that. So when you were diagnosed with bipolar, did you did you approach things differently from then on that? How did that affect you at? First? I just didn't want to I didn't want to know I hate kind of savings out loud, but it's true. And I think you've got to be honest. I used to think that people have depression or mental health had too much time on their hands. That was the prejudiced. I used to carry around with me, which is awful and I know it sounds awful saying out loud. Obviously don't believe that anymore. So when I kind of experience that incredible low it was so, you know, the expression the rug pulled from under your feet. That was the best way to describe it. Really I just didn't I just didn't feel like it was happening to me and then the diagnosis although in some sense is helpful because it meant okay. There is something may be different about me that needs support. I also still had that personal and self-stigma, you know self Prejudice about about it. So I actually didn't tell anyone for Absolutely didn't turn them off absolute years that I had it and only later when I realized actually it's something that I can own and it's something that I can help control and when the more I kind of spoke about it the more I realize even within my own research group as soon as I kind of opened up so many other people and I'm not exaggerating like every other person opened up and said, oh, yeah. Well, I've also had time off for this, you know, but I was doing my PhD I also had time off for anxiety or All depression, you know while I was doing, you know a piece of work, so I realized then I wasn't alone and once you realize you're not alone and it's not a failure to sometimes crumble. Yes that diagnosis then help me own it but it took years to do that. Yeah, so it's not something that happens overnight. You have to work and work at it. Is that is that what you mean? Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, so you've been through this huge Journey yourself. How long did it actually take to complete the The PHD. Oh, so it's supposed to be done in like three years and I actually took a she actually took me about four and a half five years partly partly because I have a little bit of time off for myself. But unfortunately, my mother got super sick with breast cancer part way through so I actually took 18 months off to look after her and thanked the touch which she's fine now, but yeah that took a long time but actually, you know, I think there's Silver Linings to these things it gave me the time to reflect which I don't think We give ourselves enough time to do anyway, so allow me to kind of subconsciously sort a lot of stuff out and yeah gave me the breathing space to think and if I think about you know, if I was being a clinical at Quine better that time I would never been able to take the time off to care for a family member. So there's you know, there's positives in that in those research roles that you can of it can kind of press pause and press play when you need and I think that's something I mean, you know my despite it being a very difficult on my life. I'm very very grateful that the you know the University. And my funding body said, of course you can take time out or just press pause for you and there's very few careers. You can do that for ya. So I've said most been a very very difficult time but you've, you know, you got through that period which was hard and you pulled out the the positives from it which was you know, which is I can imagine it's very very hard to do that at the time as well. So, you know, you've completed your PhD you've done much much more since then as well. And and one thing I wanted to talk about is That's stay go diversify which is a platform and which you've actually created. Can you just talk us through this as well? Yeah. So what? The vet profession is, you know is you've been in it. It's a wonderful It's a Wonderful space but it's not without its challenges and its risks. It's full of people who care deeply about what they do and it's full of people who are very ambitious as well and and and have perfectionist traits and want to get things get things. Right? Unfortunately when you when you get released into the big bad world of Veterinary, it's anything but certain and it's anything but perfect and that can be really really difficult. We also don't In a system, you know, like the NHS we have lots and lots of kind of different independent Avenues to kind of go down with regards to our career trajectories and ladders and I think for individuals who've always been jumping through hoops and getting rewards and getting good grades. It can be quite demoralizing when you're kind of released out there and there isn't clear paths for you to do to do the things that you want to do or become the things that you want to become and I was noticing I'm 10 years out now so you know about Three years ago. I was noticing so many of my peers and colleagues kind of saying oh, I just feel a bit stuck. You know, I'm not challenged anymore. I'm too stressed or I'm finding the work difficult or you know, I'm not sure what to do and a lot of them leaving the profession which I think is incredibly sad, unfortunately, some people also find it incredibly difficult and they don't know they don't want to be on this planet anymore and they found it far too hard to work and that professional identity of that. Comes up price sometimes and so I wanted to create a space where we could all feel less alone and showcase all the awesome stuff that you can do with a Veterinary passport or of that passport as I like to call it or or VN for that nurse passport. So I wanted to create a create a community where we could talk about it. We could share our grievances but more so talk about actually the actions that we could take the people that we could connect with and our tagline. Is kind of explore potential together. So it's about yeah connecting exploring and developing, you know, different career paths because it is an amazing profession and we can go in, you know, you can go into so many wonderful directions and it's kind of gone from zero to just shy of 13,000 in in in in three years and it's in it's a global community. So people all across the globe come and contribute via podcast like this via a Korea Facebook live interviews. Anonymous posting you name it? It's kind of owned and run and kind of made Rich by the community that contribute that's incredible. One thing I wanted to talk about as well as the other. I've heard you talking a lot about a portfolio career. Can you just explain this to us as well? Yeah sure. So I never plan on having one. So a portfolio career is is really about you know, having a career that has a suite of different. Different products or roles within it. So for instance, I can kind of customize classify myself as having kind of three things within my portfolio. I'm a neckline bet. I'm an educator and I'm an entrepreneur. So I do some clinical work. I do a lot of educational work and I also consult and support other kind of start ups within the veterinary field as well. So a portfolio career can be anything really as long as it has kind of a Two different things or different projects that you do. We're kind of moving towards, you know across professions is not just Veterinary. We're very much moving into kind of a gig economy where people are going freelance and picking the kind of things that they want to do. It's pretty rare now for people to stay in one career in a lifetime will probably move through five six or 77 careers and not even jobs like careers within a lifetime now, so it's kind of reflecting I guess the needs of individuals, but also the landscape of society Xiety as we change and maybe our priorities shift as well. So yeah lots and lots of people kind of embracing that within Veterinary and I like to call a lot of them stay Versa fires. So having one foot in clinics, but also doing other things on the side be that writing creating art having Fitness companies you name it being coaches. Yeah. So it's I think I think you're right there. I think it's so much easier as well nowadays to to do what you want to do, I guess. You know, we can link with anywhere around the world. We can travel anywhere we want to go life is just it's easier in that respect. I guess we're as it's harder. In other ways. You know, I've been one myself where I left school and just went straight into a job, which I didn't like so I went into another job, which I didn't like so when it's another job, which I didn't like and I just kept bouncing from job to job because I wasn't sure what I wanted to do and the best thing I ever did for myself. I must become you know, self-employed and come on boss and it it gives you the freedom to do what you want to do. And like you say, you can create a portfolio from it. You know, you can I started you know, I still am a personal trainer and from that I started doing classes and from that I started doing, you know this podcast and the website and fitness programs and all sorts of different things. So I think it's a big big thing now and I think it's something that helps has definitely helped me personally as well. exactly allows you to stay kind of curious and to experiment and to see what fits and to work out that kind of Sweet Spot which is doing things you're good at that you enjoy that other people will pay you for and that's that sweet spot there and that's what you can create with in that portfolio career because maybe some of the things in that Suite of services that you run are more hobby or more pro bono, and then other things will have higher value that will allow you to do the things, you know to bring in the income. So yeah, I always kind of say to people think about what you're good at that you enjoy because there's a lot of things we could at that we might not enjoy and then think right. Well, what would people pay me for? What is a value to other people? What can I contribute or provide value to other individuals and organizations other professions and it's finding that sweet spot, which never is found overnight. I've been kind of randomly creating this career over the last three For years and now I'm becoming more intentional with it. But before it was very much about just following my nose or I enjoy that but I'll try that all I enjoy that. Oh, I'll try that. Yeah, I think that that's it. Isn't it? It's just about being like you say being curious all the time and never never needing to settle I guess I think is another thing, you know, I think everyone thinks they have to live a certain way in a certain lifestyle. They have to get a job, you know do everything textbook and then, you know, eventually it comes down to our lives. Love sign to morbid but you know, I think people are scared to venture out of that box as well. But with you know, which brings mom's phone at my next question. Really. I mean if someone does have a passion and they know that living it day in day out will make them happy. Why don't they just go and do it? Oh the fear, the fear we are we are from the yeah, we have we have fear of the unknown we have fear of not having enough Finance. We have a fear of what people will think of us. We have a fear of failure. It's all fear driven and it kind of fits into two two sets in a too kind of camps in my mind. You can either choose to look at something through a lens of scarcity. So that's all the fear stuff. We've just spoken about or you can look at it through a lens of abundance. Dance and go well, what if I did that well, you know, if I did that then it could lead to this. So yeah, I think fear there's a huge thing and laziness. I think yeah, I think laziness is a big one as well as now. I think I think like you said at the start, you know, you're quite you quite comfortable with stepping out of your comfort zone. You're okay with that and I think majority of people probably aren't because they're quite happy being in a comfort zone. They're quite happy with Not progressing too much of their life because they're comfortable just where they are if they're happy and that's great. Like sometimes I wish I wasn't so driven, you know, sometimes actually there is also I'm channeling. I'm actually challenging myself this year to find joy and simplicity. So, how can I find joy and simplicity in the things? I do have rather than always thinking about the things I don't have all the things that I could build other things. I might want so I think I think it's I think it's a real balance there. I don't you know, I think it's great to take risks. I think it's great to try new things. I think it's great to push the envelope, but it's equally as important to look around you and go man. I'm lucky, you know, yeah, you know, even the simple things like man. I got a roof over my head. I've got a running water. I've got you know, I've got a light switch and having worked in low to Middle income countries. I can tell you that is that we are privileged. And so sometimes you have to remind yourself to be kind of grateful for the stuff that you do have. Yeah. I was I was talking about this the other day and I sort of brought up the topic. This is the same as you did there where you said, you know, you wish you could just sort of not be as driven and not want to achieve bigger things. And you know, I was talking about the same thing. I was doing a personal training session and they started talking about Game of Thrones and I can't I don't watch series right? I just don't feel like I have time so they were talking about it and then someone else in the gym heard it and they were just like almost not laughing. At me but just laughing because I've never watched us whenever watching that episode and yeah, it just made me think like wow. I just wish I could sit down sometimes and just switch off but it's hard. Yeah. Well I think is important to do sometimes I think sometimes I think we don't give ourselves enough time just to like digest, you know, look around and digest and go well done like this is okay, you know today you can just sit here and tomorrow you can you can strive for the next thing, but how about just Adjusting what's around you I don't do that enough. Yeah, but I mean if if someone is sort of teetering on the edge of making that first step into their new Journey, what advice would you give them? What advice would I give them? Oh, there's so much. Where should I start? I think the first thing is environment is so important and by environment. I mean, where are you going to be doing this thinking and this doing of this? Next step is it an environment and a setting that is conducive with creativity with patients with support. So think about where you're going to do that, you know, I made the mistake of doing a lot of work from home and then that blurs the boundaries between, you know, being off as it were and being on so I urge people to find physical spaces that can Inspire them and also give them boundaries because once you get obsessed with a an idea of a project it can take over and it's lovely in some senses, but it can be In others the second thing I would say is you don't have to do anything alone in this world. There's that lovely saying I can't remember who said it to you'll have to credit them. But you know, if you want to go fast go alone if you want to go far go together. So there's no point Reinventing the wheel for things. I'll be people out there who are desperate to help a mental you so find people who you want to become like or find people that you know will support the things you're wanting to do because sometimes family and friends. It can be a bit like a why you doing that or they don't get it. Like that's okay. Not everyone has to get you or get your dream or get your vision, but there will be groups of people out there who are willing to like help you with open arms. So early on find your tribe of people that can support you and search and look for mentors. These can be informal. These can be formal and depending on what you're trying to create or do look out there. There's brilliant kind of you know, there's things like meet up so you can look online. There's lots of events. You can go to the look on Eventbrite and just Under the category that you're you know, you're wanting to create a business about there's apps like shaper that can hook you up people who want to do some of the things to you. So go and find go and find your tribe and then the third thing is to create kind of goals and we always talk about smart goals are specific measurable achievable realistic and time-bound and they're great, but they can also be really defeating sometimes so I always try and encourage people to to make process-driven goals not just outcome driven goals. So by that it's not like right My outcome would be I want to run a half marathon in you know sub 3 hours or something right now if I don't achieve that and I feel like I've failed whereas if I ever actually said right I'm going to run every day for whatever one hour and that's a process. So that's an action that I have control of. I don't have control over the outcome of running potentially running that three hour marathon, but I Do you have control over the effort and the actions that I put in towards it so that that boils down to business as well or any ideas how I'd say make some really good action and process-driven goals. They be like three things. I'd say have helped me so environment people you hang out with and the type of goals that you create. That's really interesting. I think yeah, it's it's definitely important to have the process driven goals because then you're not you won't like you say like you say beat yourself up. If you don't actually achieve that goal, you can just carry on growing and growing and to that next step. Yeah, and I unfortunately a lot of the world and I do it I'm sure you do as well Adam. I often say I'll be happy when I'll be happy if and actually by having those process goal. You can be happy while you're doing it because you're achieving those goals that you have complete control over doing and and every little micro goal or step that you can achieve so I can I have Control to run for an hour. How long I run maybe you know how far one might be different, but I know I can run for an hour then then that feels amazing. I've done it. I've done that goal of done that action and every positive action Spurs on another one. It's like a Snowball Effect. Whereas if you don't hit the outcome goal, you can feel defeated and it promotes kind of yo-yoing of our success if you like. So of call I've done my I've done my Marathon now great. I'll go and eat junk food and you know go boozing for next week. It creates yo-yos and it's the same with any kind of yeah, those yo-yo goals are the outcome goals create yo-yo kind of actions. Whereas your action orientated goals create consistency in the end of the day if we actually think about what does success look like it's consistently doing the things that make you happy. Yeah. It's actually laughed when you when you said I probably do it too at the start there and it you know, I did and I still do it occasionally now, I will set myself a goal. And I will beat myself up about it a little bit but I used to do it a lot actually at that start of my training. I you know, I'd say to myself I'd be happy when I got you know, what if I put 2 kilo on a muscle if I lost this amount of weight, I'd be happy when I achieve that and over time. I've just realized that it doesn't make me happy at all. The actual feeling that makes me happy about training is having the ability to train and to feel How healthy yeah, and that is that's that's that's the goal right there. And since I've had my mind set driven like that it's whatever happens in the future happens, you know, and it's all going the right way luckily enough, but it's it is that mindset of just having you know, the ability to appreciate the the moment instead of instead of the angle. Absolutely. Absolutely and you know this I think for me is the biggest lesson If I could sum up in one sentence is like I used to be quite like Vic to me. So I used to blame everyone else around me of stuff went wrong. I had certainly did that in my PhD that's why I kind of said it was a big personal feet and I play the violin and be like, you know, why can't that person do this or why can't that personal? Why did that you know, and actually I have no control over the way you respond to me. I don't have no control over the where client responsive have no control over the way a horse responds to me all I have control over is my reactions to the world and I don't want to react anymore. I want to respond. So I want to think about it. I want to be considered and I want to be kind to myself and whoever I'm responding to and that was a massive lesson. Like, you know, you you just worry about the things that you can control and try and just let go of everything else. You can't I know that's easier said than done because I'm a people pleaser. So I always worry about what people think but end of the day some people Like me and some people are and actually the opinions of others are none of my business. Yeah, that's really interesting. So obviously we spoke before about about the fear. Now people are going to need to build up their confidence to get over this fear. Are there any tips you could give our audience for building their confidence so I can give a personal one, but I think you could translate it to lots of other things after my first bout of depression. I I had withdrawn from all social like gatherings. I hadn't called a friend for a very long time. I'd become so under confident in my ability to like be a friend and be a communicator and be a support and huge part of my identity is helping others. Like that's what a huge part of my identity was and I suppose in some sense is still is so I my confidence was like below the floor. And I randomly one day. I was walking past my local pub and in the window was an advert for come and try circus skills and okay, I did loads of gymnastics as a kid, but I'm in my 30s now and you know the thought of like hanging off a hoop or a trapeze filled me with absolute fear and I just said to myself there and then why not it's literally around the corner from my house. I wasn't leaving the house very much because I was yeah, I was just in a very bad place but But thank the Lord for dogs. I had my dog at the time and he was a thing that got me out the house every day. So I did go out the house twice a day only because I had the dog and so I took myself off to this class and oh my word what a wonderful thing to do. Now story in this story is not the fact that I did circus. It's the fact that I did something that I was a complete beginner at and when you're complete beginner you drop all your defenses about having to be good about you know about being right. About yea about about all those things and it makes you more confident being a beginner again actually makes you confident because you face failure in a different way. You don't mind making mistakes or falling off the trapeze as I did many many times. I got stronger physically and mentally because I was essentially lifting my own body weight for two hours every week and I met new people who didn't know my history. I didn't have to explain I was depressed. They just thought I was a quiet girl and it was it was wonderful. So I think anyone doing anything going do something completely brand new with a brand new group of people and let yourself be the beginner because it will build your confidence like you won't realize and it will allow you to bring that Curiosity and that and diminish that fear of failure and other areas of the life as well as your learning that new thing. Yeah, that's some fantastic advice. I can I can second that as well because I did mine through martial arts and you know my first time in that You know you walk into a classroom and there's black belts there. There's red belts blue belts and you're walking in with no belt and it's just it's just absolute fear. You just want to run out the door because you don't wanna be they think everyone's looking at you. They're staring you don't have clue what's going on. But then I actually I was speaking to someone there one of the other students who is, you know, obviously bit further along and they actually said, you know, just look at other the guys in here. They all started Where You Are Our and that made me think wow. Okay. So everyone started healing exactly what this feels like they know the position. I'm in at the minute. I'm not just almost sort of cleared my mind a little bit and took some of the pressure off couldn't agree more and I think that's a lovely reminders net everyone you look up to he think I could never be like that. They were once a beginner everyone. No one is born like, you know, no one is born a genius or a skilled athlete or a skilled scientists. No. They have to develop that yeah, definitely. Definitely the other thing I wanted to talk to you about as well as you've actually studied got health and I just want to talk about how this impacts mental health. And do you think people will see a difference if they change their diet? Yeah, so I'll put caviar in now. I'd studied this a long well over five years ago now and I know that the Field has moved forward. So I'm going to give you some like themes but if people want to read more about the current practice then yeah probably best to go and consult the the related research papers or to look at the summaries that come out of nature which is a very very good publication which often has brilliant stuff on the gut and its influence on health. But yes, there is a huge body of evidence to say that there is a very intricate and developed kind of Gut-brain axis. So kind of how we think affects our gut and and what we have in our gut affects our mind and they've done some amazing studies in animals actually transposing. So taking, you know the gut from a risk-taking mouse into an introverted Mouse and vice versa and doing those things actually changes Behavior so our gut has new active abilities to change. What we do the same is through the same is true of of people who suffer from from lower mental moods as well. And the same is true of obese versus thin mammals as well. So they've given you know, genetically thin mice fat mice microbiomes a given them fecal transplant if you like and and hey Presto, they change their phenotype that skinny one becomes fat in the fat becomes skinny, so we don't understand it. Exactly the mechanisms of how all of this works, but we do know that there are really clear links. So it makes complete and utter sense that we think carefully about what we eat and why we eat it and there's lots of evidence to suggest that you know, having a good diverse gut bacterial load so the families and species of gut bacteria live in our guts if they're nice and diverse that really really helps and that is supported by having a nice and diverse fresh, you know diet that is Fiber I'm full of yeah full of of diversity and what we eat. So those things for sure are things just certainly think about as a person and just be aware that there's all these little marginal gains we can we can create in our life or or marginal diminishing things if you think about me in the last week and what I've eaten. Yeah you very much you are what you eat. It's it's it's very true. Yeah, I uh, I noticed a big difference, you know if I have enough week. Eek and I'm eating stuff that I wouldn't usually eat maybe, you know better junk food. Occasionally. I'm only human so, you know, I have to eat things sometimes for convenience and I do actually see a total difference in in my mood. My age levels just completely drop and I just I just yeah, I'm not as focused as I usually am and I can I can definitely tell the difference actually read a book called The clever God's diet by dr. Michael Mosley. I don't know if you read that. I've been a but it's my well, yeah, it's an incredible book and he talks about the microbiome and how important that is and how diverse is we've got all these different microorganisms in there which we get from bacteria from from eating our food and he says, you know that the more diverse our microbiome. Is that the healthier we become and as we age we have to be careful of that because I think it becomes less diverse. So, you know, you've got to change your habits as you as you move through life because you know, what a kid in a teenager needs and what I need is going to be very different and what I need now and what I needed 80 might be different as well. So it's an evolving space and an aging space just like like ours but essentially we are more bacteria than we are human. We have more bacterial genetics in us than we do human. So it it really is important. It's not just the gut microbiome. You've got to think about your skin as well. Your skin are protective big barrier all over us is full of also very useful back. That we can we can look after so just as you know, you are what you eat. You always got to be careful about what you actually put on your skin and and the pollution levels of which you exist in ETC. So I think it's fascinating and another great book for any of your listeners as well. It's a book called gut by Giuliana Enders and it's so good whether you're a scientist or relay person. You will get a lot out of that book. In fact my team and I Imperial were like damn we wish we'd written this book because it was it was great. That's it. Great was like this is what we're doing. Really good book. Okay, so if our audience could take away one thing from this conversation and what would it be stay curious? Because staying curious stops as being judgmental and opinionated in a highly judgmental and opinionated world at the moment staying curious makes you more kind to the people around you and to yourself staying curious allows you to experiment and fail. Fail safely and accepting Lee and I think curiosity more than anything actually keeps life fun. Like we spend a lot of life being serious and having just finished a wonderful book called the top five regrets of the dying, you know, when were lying on a deathbed we don't wish we'd worked harder. We wish we'd lived authentically true to who we are. We wish we'd hang out with people that we loved more. So, I think I think here if you can think of ways just to To Channel Curiosity every day. I think you will lead a richer and a kind of life. That's amazing Evony. Thank you so much for talking to us today. It's been amazing to catch up with you and I wish you all the best with everything you're doing in the future. You've got it. You've got a lot coming your way. So I wish you all the best. Well, thank you so much and it's been so nice to reconnect with you after all those years my first ever job listeners. I worked with Adam. In North Wales we did and it's really lovely to connect over the airwaves and I hope next time. I'm at home in Wales. I'll come and see you. Yeah, I'd be more than up for that. I'll be happy to come down anytime super love it ebony. Thanks very much. Thank you for listening guys. I hope you enjoyed the episode. If you enjoyed the body part of mine podcast, please share it around with your friends and family members and give them the tools to transform their life as well. My name is Adam Robinson, and this is body power mind.