Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway, nothing new here, right? If you follow me, we're going today. We're going to talk about the self check-in check in with yourself the advice of checking in with yourself to see how you're doing and why I said two days ago on social that that is a horrific horrific idea. Let me explain that. So if you follow me on Instagram which by the way should I'm kind of digging Instagram. I'm digging the Instagram these days the dot anxious. Truth if you're listening, you know, follow follow along. So I like Instagram lately. So I posted an Instagram feeds over to my Facebook to so wherever I guess I posted about how the self check-in advice was. Terrible. I literally said stop stop checking in with yourself. Stop it. It's terrible advice. I think what I said literally and credit to to Australia for this, you know, who you know who you are. I literally said this is terrible advice and should be kicked into the sun kicked into the sun just cracks me up but this person says it all the time and it is it is terrible advice and you should kick it right into the Sun get it out of your life. The self check-in is a bad bad bad idea, but let us give some Context to what I said because while I got an overwhelming response that says yes, thank you. I needed to hear this. Yes. This has been a problem for me. Yes people keep telling me to do it and it's making me worse. I got mostly that. I did get a few people who really they kind of gave me a lot of pushback on that because I was treading on their sacred spiritual ground. So let's talk about it for a second. The context I am discussing here is somebody and if you're listening to me, there's a really good chance. I'm talking about you somebody who is in the grips of a raging anxiety disorder panic disorder agoraphobia. There's not a phobia and there's health anxiety is OCD, there's all those things but if your situation right now is that you spend all of your time when awake and conscious focused, Inward and examining. How are you feeling? What am I thinking? I don't like that. Thought. I don't want to have that thought. This is scary. Am I going to die? Am I? Okay. Am I safe? Do I have cancer? Am I going to coronavirus is my husband going to die is my wife gonna die. If you are tortured all day long damn near tortured and I've heard it described that way because you cannot stop thinking about how you feel and focusing inward on your thoughts and what your body is doing and what your mind is doing and you have told me again and again and again whether it's in the Facebook group or anywhere else like I hear you drew, but how am I supposed to stop thinking about this? I can't not think about it. It's so scary. It's so loud. So if you are literally and a situation where you cannot stop or you feel like you cannot stop thinking about how you feel and examining how you feel and what you're thinking and assessing yourself all the time when awake and it's driving you crazy and it's feeling all this fear and anxiety Then the self check-in the next time somebody tells you take a moment breathe check in with yourself ask yourself how you're doing. The next time somebody says that to you flip them the bird and tell them the back to f off. It's okay to do that because that person is giving you advice that is way outside your own context, right? So context matters. It really does matter. Now. I'm not going to say that the self check-in I was trashing it pretty hard. Right, but I'm trashing it pretty hard because I'm addressing a specific audience that has a specific problem and within this audience of mine the people who are listening and thank you view our like the self check-in is a bad bad. Idea, and I just grow really tired of being told. Well, you're you're just a mechanic you're addressing the mechanics of it. You're not getting to the root of it. You're not dealing with you know, you gotta feed the spirit and honestly like Fu at the spirit because right now the person you're talking to cannot turn their brain off the person you are talking to anxiety coach yoga teacher who ever you happen to be spiritual advisor the person you are telling to check in cannot turn their brain off. They're being tortured by their own brain their own inward Focus their own inability to turn that off. They want nothing more than to not think about how they're doing. It's all they want in life. It is all they want in life right now because of this disorder that they are trying to solve their trying to fix this problem and they're working hard to fix the problem. So you have to stop telling them to turn in turn inward ask yourself. How you doing? How you feeling? What do you need at this? Very moment. Well answer that for you. That person at that very moment needs to not be thinking about how they're feeling because that's driving all of their problem all of their problem. So stop stop that and and if you are one of those people you listen to the podcast you have this problem and you're being told that whether it's by your coach or somebody like to follow online or even your therapist because I was told flat out that there are therapists who are saying that you're supposed to do that. It's really okay to say, you know, what what I need right now is to stop thinking about how I feel, please Help me learn to stop thinking about how I feel and examining how I feel stop telling me to do it. That's not how I fix this problem. So essentially what's going on is you have a fire raging and you're being told to put it out with a can of gasoline in a box of matches. That's Insanity within that context. I mean, I'll get around to the positive part of the self check-in. It has a purpose it does I'm not universally trashing it but within the context of the things that I'm addressing on this podcast and the community surrounding the podcast the things I write like yeah, I'm trashing it in that context. We'll talk about where it is applicable in a little bit but right now like come on. You got to understand that that is just terrible advice. And I stand by that I'm not apologizing for that. I'm just not and if it offended you then I would say I'm happy that it offended you because it tells me that you are not being tortured by this continuous inward Focus that you feel powerless against so if what I told what have I said really was problematic for you? I'm sort of happy because it means that you're not having this particular problem right now, which is great. Maybe used to have the problem you've gotten over it, which is great or you never Problem, which is great, but I'm not trying to like trash your belief in the self check-in and feeding your spirit and keeping you yourself emotionally healthy. I'm all for all of those things. But within the context of somebody who cannot stop thinking about how they feel from the minute. They open their eyes to the minute. They manage to get some sleep at night that that's not okay. It's not it's not good advice. All right, so, you know check in with yourself and ask yourself. What is the one thing you need right now? The answer is I need to not be thinking about myself. Thank you very much. Please stop asking me to do that. It's okay to say that it's really okay to say that stand up for yourself carve out your space like it's okay to make that stand and say I can't do that right now. Please stop telling me to do that. It's okay to do that. You're allowed to do that. And I'm going to tell you something else that that advice is kind of held up on a pedestal as if it is a universal truth of spiritual growth Enlightenment and emotional intelligence and maturity. You know, so I've had people who literally have said I don't want to do that. But I feel like a failure I'm sad. I keep they keep telling me that I should be doing that. This will help me feed my spirit will help me find the cause of my anxiety and helps nurture by inner child, it helps self-compassion and self-care, but it's making me worse. So it's okay to say no. No right now. That is making me worse. Do not feel like a failure because you cannot follow that advice because you're being told that that advice is somehow indicative of a Leaving some other level of growth and healing like the word healing sometimes can be a little bit toxic guys. It's okay to acknowledge that this is not all sunshine and rainbows. I mean I get accused a lot of times of being almost a mechanic when it comes to these things. I'll take that I'll take that that's fine. I am a bit of a mechanic with this but sometimes you need a mechanic. Sometimes you do. I'm getting a lot of notifications here. Should it turned off those sounds but what's the point? I don't need to be professional about this. Why start now it's on. Five years. All right, so it's okay to take a stand on that. Do not let anybody tell you that this is required as part of self-healing instant compassion and growth and inner child and all that stuff right now. You need to learn the tools that you need to learn the tools that will help you break that Obsession and compulsion to continually be thinking about how you feel. That's that's that's the reality and that's why I said what I said, so when is it a when is it a good thing to do? Oh, let me let me say something else. Well, no. No, let me talk about what's the positive side of the self check-in check in with yourself? I think here's where it comes from and look. I'm no expert in this. I don't claim any any ground here at all. I don't kind of place in that in that space and anyway, but I'm pretty sure that where it comes from is it's an acknowledgement that a lot of times we ignore ourselves and that's true. We do ignore us. I was maybe you're a little bit maybe yourself less to a to a fault. Some people are they put everybody else ahead of themselves in life. They try and please everybody else take everybody else and ever take care of themselves. That's a thing. That's a problem and the self-checking can help help fix that so I'm good with that. Sometimes it just means that we drive ourselves to the breaking point work work work work work family family family. Everybody got to get I got responsibilities I got to do I got to do I got to do and you forget to take care of yourself. So the self check-in is a pause to remind yourself that we have to take care of ourselves. I'm with you good. I'm good with that. That's good. That's good thing. Right? So I think in that situation, I've been told a couple of things one of which it stood out to me was well, this is you know, and this the part of the self check-in is to make sure that we remain self-aware like today. I treat a friend of mine brought that up. I'm pretty sure that Spirit of it is to make sure help us remain self-aware when we should be self-aware. You can't go Life with blinders on right you should be aware of yourself. But the problem is problem is like somebody in the grips of these disorders that we talked about that have this problem this driving problem. They cannot break they're trying so hard to break is that they are nothing but self aware, they are self-aware people who have this problem right guys you guys that are listening would probably agree with this. You may be in a situation where you are nothing but self-aware trust me somebody who's who's in the grips of raging OCD health anxiety panic disorder. Agoraphobia with mono phobia, like somebody who has these problems is painfully self-aware. They do not need to take time to be self-aware and to tend to be take care of themselves. Trust me all they are doing all the time 24/7 is being aware of themselves and putting themselves in the center of the universe. Like I've talked about this these disorders are incredibly selfish the people who have them are not selfish at all. Does it mean that the people are selfish but the disorders are selfish. So these disorders panic disorder will place the person with panic disorder directly in the center of the universe all the time. No matter what goes on in the world be it a problem with one of your kids or a spouse or a job or something political or the weather or something economic or anything. It doesn't matter what it is. If you are dealing with panic disorder or something like it or OCD tell me that you do not immediately within about 3 seconds. Bring that. That event that occurs right back to what does this mean for me? How is this going to make me feel not because you're selfish but because you are so afraid of how you're going to feel at any given moment that you cannot help but relate every event in the universe back to me. How's it going to make me feel what will I have to do something? I'm afraid of is it going to make me anxious? Is it going to make me afraid? Is it going to make me uncomfortable? So trust me that while I understand that part of the spirit of the self check-in is to make sure that remained we remain aware of ourselves and taking care of ourselves for somebody who is dealing with this. Do you know obsessional and compulsive need to be self focused and scanning assessing for threats trying to be safe all the time like in an unhealthy way? Self-care and self-awareness is not a problem. I mean they're doing it they're doing it so much that it is a problem. But the other way it's a problem of excess not a problem with too little So again, it's okay to reject the advice of the self check in when it's portrayed that way. Will you need to make sure you're taken care of yourself? I get it but there are other ways to do that and it's okay to say look part of the problem is all I want to do is take care of myself all the time. I'm just trying to find healthy ways to do it because the way I'm doing it right now is ruining my life. So please stop telling me I have to take care of myself and trying to learn new ways to do that and asking myself how I feel is not not a new way. I'm already doing that. I'm just doing it wrong and I'm trying to break it. So it's okay to say that you can respond to the self-check in that way and if you're in the business of dispensing that advice and somebody says that to you when you tell them to do self check-in for a variety of reasons, please respect their answer because if you have not been through what they have been through if you have not felt the grip of that Obsession that says if I stop thinking about my heart and might stop and that's real there's you know, within the first seven days of this podcast being released seven to eight thousand of people will listen to it and I guarantee that at least none of them would say. Oh, yeah. I know exactly what that means. I feel like if I don't pay attention to my heart it might stop beating trust me. It's a real thing. So if you're in the business of defensing of dispensing advice about checking in with oneself, then you need to be aware that when somebody says that's not a good idea for me just say okay. I understand now, let's talk about let's bring that down the road, right? So if in fact you are regulus and every follow me on social and you like the self check-in and that tells me that you are not in the grips of this. This obsessive unhealthy self-examination all the time and that's great. So when you know, what we really need to do is get to the point where we have put out that fire. So I said like the self check-in is like trying to put out a fire with with a, you know can of gas and some matches. I think one of the things I said on social is, you know, self check-in is like trying to break out of prison by running back into the cell block like you trying to get out. You know what I learned back in it. So what do we have to do to get to the point where you can use the good advice of self check-in for emotional health right for healing for spiritual growth, whatever you want to call that because those are important things for human beings got to do that stuff. But first you got to put out the fire of the disorder, so we have to work on the tools, you know, the things we talk about the things we you know, we practice the things we discuss. The tools that help you break that cycle. So just to cover that really quickly. I've said it a zillion times. But if you feel like you you must continually Focus Inward and follow every one of these scary thoughts and in engage in inner dialogue and scan and check and scan and check and see where your cern's you have to learn not to do that. Right? So the object of the game here is you got to learn to stop doing those things which will make you terrified. So you have to stop looking inward even though everything in your Say look in here your brain is yelling like you better look at this bit of check on your heart. You better answer these thoughts these scary thoughts are coming through You by to answer them. Hello? Hello. It's banging on the door getting trying to get your attention. Right? You have to learn to not give it the attention because over time the experience is I'm going to let the scary thoughts be in my head. I'm going to turn away from them and put my focus out of myself. I talked often about almost visualizing like a vacuum. So your focus is all behind your eyes right now. Now you need to pull that Focus out to be in front of your eyes like get it out of you. And this is way more than just dude. You got to get out of your head go for a walk then to a certain extent that that advice is correct. It's just not that easy. So these are the tools we talked about doing over and over and over these exhausting difficult tedious work to break that cycle because every time you ignore or turn away Focus away from those scary thoughts that are screaming for your attention that compulsion to self-examine to check a symptom to tell somebody that I don't know my back hurts. What does this mean? Why is my back or does your back ever heard? Happen all this time your back hurt was that anything maybe I should call a doctor. So, you know instead of engaging in that behavior health anxiety sufferers. You have to say. Well I want to do that, but I can't right now which will make you agitated and Afraid and vulnerable. It will feel like you are surrendering to certain death or horrible fate. But over time when you do that in the the outcome is still positive. You learn all I guess I don't have to do that becomes easier using easier and easier over time. So the person who was quite literally six or eight months ago like struggling to wait 60 seconds between blood pressure checks. No joke like but I need to check my blood pressure though. You don't but I had but I have to check it like in tears because they couldn't check their blood pressure. Just wait 60 seconds. Give me two minutes for your check it tears, but I need to check it. Who now hasn't checked blood pressure in 3-4 months like it does get better over time because the experience was I didn't check my blood pressure and I was still okay. I guess I didn't ever need to check it that much. That's so silly. That's what we're going for when you could get to that point where you're no longer held prisoner inside your own head and focused in back behind your eyes in your brain and down your body then then it's time. Okay, maybe we could start looking at the self-check in there is value. You in that? Yes. And a friend of mine whom I respect greatly for her ability to jump into my stream and help out when she sees that I need it and she brings her knowledge and her experience and her compassion and her education to it. You know, she was sort of defending the self check in and say well it's important for our emotional health. This is how we could tell what's going on with us and she made a really beautiful statement. You said this is how I know what's on my heart. I'm going to name the name because I didn't tell her I was gonna talk about it. But you know, that's beautiful like she used the self check-in to see what's on Our heart and what she needs to deal with in process and work on and that's absolutely valid. Except for the person who's gripped with the anxiety disorder because what I really said was well, we clearly have a case here be you know, this is this is the difference between what's on my heart and oh my God is my heart still beating literally that's literally difference and we kind of joked about it. There's a lot of mutual respect there. So hopefully you can get to the point where you're no longer figuratively worried about your heart stopping and you can use the self check-in to see what my friend describes what's on my heart today. What's bothering me today? That's It's an okay thing to do. Like people should learn to do those things that first we have to not do them obsessively and an unhealthy way. So that's that's my rant about the self check-in and why it's a bad bit of advice for people who are stuck in these disorders that I talk about all the time. Alright, so I know sometimes I am like aggressively like picking on the spiritual people and the inner child people. I don't I don't mean to do it. It's not like I am dismissing all of that that has Value it does have value but the context matters and I'm sorry, but I am going to unapologetically just shoveled dirt on top of those things when every single day. I see causing damage like that advice is supposed to help people. It should not cause damage. And you know, what? Here's the real truth of this sort of stuff that I talked about and I think anybody who makes a living with it, if you're making a living coaching or advising or you're in the mental health field your counsel your therapist like this is reality. You have to be okay with this just because I like something doesn't mean that it's true. So I'm going to let me be completely transparent and honest right now. I am not a huge fan of the self-care self-compassion, you know. Yourself Comfort your inner child stuff. I'm just not I personally am having a hard time coming to grips with the with the theory behind it and the validity of it. It doesn't speak to me. However, just because I don't like it doesn't mean it's not true. So I have to be intellectually honest enough to say. Oh no, I get it. Like it might not be my thing, but I can say to you there's value in many of those things people should work on those things. If it isn't if it applies to you then you should work on that. So I'm really tired of this knock that says, you know, well, if you're not like getting deep spiritual about your anxiety problem, then you're not solving it that's nonsense. It's just absolute nonsense, like come on now. I'm not telling you to take your stuff and put it away forever. That's not fair. So don't tell somebody that they're not supposed to work on the techniques. That's ridiculous. Just ignoring how the human brain works is not okay, just cause you don't want it to be that way you To be more spiritual and emotional doesn't mean that it is all the time. Sometimes it is. Sometimes it isn't like I have many many people who are long-term listeners and I become friends with and they evolve over time when I get to know them they are in the grips of these things where the mechanical stuff that I talked about help solve the problem then they go and move on and work on other things that may have to do with self care and self parenting and inner child work and they're loving it and they're flourishing and I'm super happy for them. But like, you know where they are at a time matters, so I'm You know, I'm just having a hard time with this right now having a little bit of a hard time with the fact that some of the things that that I know are helping people get in validating because they're just that's that's ridiculous. You never going to heal. If you don't if you don't dig for this stuff, like that's nonsense. It's absolutely possible to heal without that. It is absolutely one of you listening to me right now. I'm off on a little bit of another little rant here, but I'm telling you right now the person who is insisting to you that you must you must dig through your childhood or whatever it is to find. Don't do that. It's impossible to recover completely is flat out wrong. You may have to do that that is true. It depends on your experiences. But if I hear one more person tell me I've been digging through my childhood for the last six years and nothing's coming out and I'm not getting any better yet. It keeps, you know, it's being forced down their throats. It's not okay. It's not okay. I mean look every day. I have to tell people, you know, look I'm a big fan of the cognitive behavioral stuff. But it clearly you are carrying some pain here from some real bad things that happen to you when like we're not going to dress those things to maybe after you do this stuff or maybe at the same time maybe before but you know, we got to be honest here. You cannot be in this in this subject area and do nothing, but what you think sounds right to you, you got to acknowledge all the stuff like let's be honest here. So again, just to address those of you who are listening because you're looking for help like understand the context that you're in and it's okay to reject certain advice at any given time. It's okay to question it, and if you at the person that you are questioning rejects your question or your even your right to question it, then I might be somebody you want to talk about any more. Talk to you or listen to you anymore. Just saying. Okay, that's enough 24 minutes of I think with turns into I look I'm passionate about that. You know, I don't spend the time that I that I spend on this for people not to get better. I can't make anybody better. They make themselves better. But in the end, I really like to have people to be able to use the tools and navigate things and you know what when you are gripped with this problem that I talk about all the time, sometimes it's really hard to be a critical consumer of information. I understand that so some of what I think the role of people like me is to help you. Like Wade through things they've considered this have you considered that the self check-in is not a good thing for you right now. That's all that's all I'm thinking. So that is the deal. All right. So this was episode 98. We got two more to go. We're going to hit a hundred if you are listening on iTunes or whatever podcast Network you love and it lets you rate and review the podcast. Could you do that? Like if you love the podcast it's helping you when you you want other people to find it then, you know, maybe you can leave a review be freaking awesome helps other people find it helps spread the word and really that's why I do it. I just want people to get help and if I could provide it then great. So thank you guys for listening. I It I'll be back next week for episode 99 don't know we're going to talk about but I'll be here and see you guys later. You got yeah, you're on your way. It's in the Afterglow of the songs. We know it's in these feelings that you never show. Yeah, y'all doing fine. Hey, what's up guys? Drew here in the five years that I've done the podcast. I've never had a sponsor but now it's time for me to put in a little plug for the day job the business that I own and that business is managed WordPress hosting. So if you have a website and it runs WordPress and you'd like WordPress hosting that makes WordPress faster more secure and way easier than you ever imagined. It would be then check out Helix you can find us. Line at I am Helix.com. That's I am a Qi L IX.com. We took a long time to build Helix. I'm super proud of it. It works spectacularly. We take really good care of our customers and I promised we would take really good care of you too. So if you're in the market for WordPress hosting that will blow your mind check out Helix, I would appreciate the consideration. I thank you for coming by and listening and I'll see you the next time.