Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looksThat him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have but what I do have I give you in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth walk taking him by the right hand. He helped him up and instantly the man's feet and ankles became strong. He jumped to his feet and began to walk. Walk then he went with them into the temple courts walking and jumping and praising God when all the people saw him walking and praising God. They recognized him as the same man who used to sit begging at the Temple Gate called beautiful and they were filled with wonder and amazement at what had happened to him while the man held on to Peter and John all the people were astonished and came running to them in the place called Solomon's Colonnade when Peter saw this he said to them fellow is Lights. Why does this surprise you? Why do you stare at us as if by our own power or godliness? We had made this man walk the god of Abraham Isaac and Jacob the god of our fathers has glorified his servant Jesus. You handed him over to be killed and you disowned him before Pilate though. He had decided to let him go you disowned the holy and righteous one and asked that a murderer be released to you. You killed. The author of life but God raised him from the dead. We Are Witnesses of this by faith in the name of Jesus this man whom you see and know was made strong. It is Jesus name and the faith that comes through him that has completely healed him as you can all see now fellow Israelites. I know that you acted in ignorance as did your leaders, but this is how God fulfilled what he had foretold through. The prophets saying that his Messiah would suffer repent then and turn to God so that your sins may be wiped out that times of refreshing may come from the Lord and that he may send the Messiah who has been appointed for you. Even Jesus Heaven Must receive him until the time comes for God to restore everything as he promised long ago through his holy prophets for Moses said the Lord your God will raise up for you a prophet. Prophet like me from among your own people. You must listen to everything he tells you anyone who does not listen to him will be completely cut off from their people indeed beginning with Samuel all the prophets who have spoken have foretold these days and you are Heirs of the prophets and of the Covenant God made with your father's he said that Abraham through your Offspring All Peoples on Earth will be blessed when God raised up his servant he sent him first to you to bless you by turning each of you from your Wicked Ways. Today's devotional is written by Jay cresty and read by Sam mcdermid. On the way to the temple Peter and John and counter Elaine man begging Peter reaches out in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth walk immediately the man received strength and enters the temple exuberantly praising God Peter tells a standard onlookers about Jesus urging them to turn to God. I had become accustomed to some past Brokenness rooted in childhood trauma relating my experience to others secured their pity but the pain and victim identity remained. It hadn't occurred to me that Jesus was able to heal and restore that deep part within me in prayer with a trusted friend. I reached out to Jesus and in a moment the part of me imprisoned to my past was set free. Now I can show compassion to those who have suffered since similar trauma, but I can also proclaim the healing restoration and freedom that Jesus offers Luke tells us the beggar was lame from birth that others would carry him to the Temple Gate where every day he would beg in prison by his identity as lame beggar and downcast. He watched many feet passed by they grateful for pity and generosity. They affirmed his identity Peter commands him look at us in other words look up. Change your perspective look into my face not at my feet without silver or gold Peter could only offer the healing power of Jesus name this change perspective brings. Hope the beggar reaches for Peters hand and experiences miraculous healing a you stuck in an identity that highlights your Brokenness or vulnerability. Is there another perspective that God would have you see what healing restoration or Freedom might he be inviting you to experience. Welcome the Holy Spirit and invite him to reveal Jesus reaching out to you with his hand right now. In a brief moment the lame Beggars perspective changed from watching Dusty feet walk by to responding to Peter's invitation to look up he had been seen Peter commanded the impossible because he watched Jesus do it. Jesus sees you now, what is he offering you with open hands prepared to receive whatever Jesus is offering you today. ask the Holy Spirit to enable you to receive what Jesus offers you Let's finish with prayer father God. Thank you that through Jesus. All things are possible. Help me to welcome the work of the holy spirit that brings healing restoration and freedom so that I might fully become the person you created me to be.