Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia. Hello, I actually temporarily muted myself then wolves. Anyway, I just wanted to welcome you to the alpha babes podcast. Welcome back to another week. I am a day late. It is Tuesday. Monday is generally our release day, but I really wanted to just jump on do a short Punchy little based on something that I'm calling poison in your pocket and I am going to be talking about our mobile phones today and I have been really thinking a lot about this and thinking a lot about how my mobile phone has affected me just in my day-to-day life and and also how its benefited me as well. But I think the thing that I want to really highlight here is that I am seeing a massive decline in my own ability to be able to Concentrate I lose focus really easy. I used to be able to study for long periods of time and and smash it out. But what I'm finding these days is that if I physically have my phone in the room with me, I am constantly grabbing for it. And I really wanted to like unpack from a brain point of view in a very very light way and explains what is actually happening when we are doing that. But I kind of wanted to wanted to give a little bit of a start here. The average time that a human can concentrate is for 45 minutes. So completely deep concentration and obviously people are going to have different lengths of time. Some people might concentrate less than that. So I might be more but the average is 45 minutes of deep and uninterrupted work. Now what's happening in today Society? Is that when are getting those 45 minutes anymore? What's happening? Is that device that poison in our pocket that goes out of our pocket it onto our desk beside where we are working. What happens is it has notifications. It's got Instagram going off. It's got people calling you. It's got emails popping up. It's got all these things just like little gremlins in your phone wanting your attention. What I was reading and I was just like gobsmacked. Was that every time a distraction such as an Degrom notification comes up. What actually would actually occurs is you go. Look at your device. You see what's there? It takes you about five minutes to get back into that deep concentration. So if you think about a 45-minute block and you've had what for interruptions how much how much true concentrating time are you getting we're actually not getting a lot. And so this really got me thinking because I thought what is In us that actually wants to reach for this little poison device. What is it? And what I realized is that my my knowledge around habits it I'll briefly explain it. I do do this with our coaching client. It's one of our topics and we talked about creating habits. And essentially what happens is a habit is created because your brain doesn't always want to have to process. Is all this information all the time. So basically what it does is when we do something over and over and over again, what happens is that it creates a habit Loop so it's like oh cool. Yeah. So when I'm working and an Instagram notification comes up I reach for it cool and the more you do that the more it becomes like a habit so you don't even think about it anymore. You just pick up your phone so I can have all all the reason to not And pick it up because I know it's going to interrupt me, but I've created a habit Loop the way that a habit Loop works is that it has a trigger. So a trigger is the notification going off on the phone. Then what follows this is to make a habit. Every habit needs a trigger then it follows a set of behaviors and then you get a reward. So I will explain that in an Instagram notification. The trigger is a notification. Going off the set of behaviors is that I stop what I'm doing and I reach for my phone and then reward is is that I get instant gratification or somebody liking my photo or somebody commenting on it or it could be an email that I've been waiting for and I get rewarded. So what it means is that our brains, they don't always want to do the boring stuff. I need you to hear that sometimes if we're not highly invested in what we're doing and let's just be real when we sit. Down to concentrate we're not always wanting to do the work that we're doing we might be sitting at our desk doing ab really boring task and we really don't want to do it. So your subconscious is looking for a way out. It's looking for a way of being rewarded and the way that I describe your subconscious. It's like a spoiled little kid and on its honestly wanting to be rewarded all the time. It's wanting to be just instantly gratified. So the fact that this habit is trigger back. Behaviors and reward and I have done that multiple times when it comes to my device and when I'm working I've now created a habit that is just on repeat. So I no longer consciously think about picking up my phone. This habit has been stored in my subconscious and I just automatically do it and as I'm sitting there looking at my notification on my crap Hannah stop looking at your phone like put it away. So I have literally no self-control these days when it comes to Fine and I'm not too proud to say that I mean my God, I think when you I think there's you I can hide behind the excuse that you know, I have to be on my phone because of my business and all of those things. But all of that is crap. I'm literally rotting my ability to be able to concentrate and have Focus. So one of the strategies that I have done and I know it sounds ridiculously simple is I put my phone in another room when I study and I always put I always give myself a 45 50 minute block to sit down and have complete concentration. I will remove my Facebook from my tab or any sort of notifications that I can get my emails and I literally have that time the next 10 minutes. I reward myself with either making a coffee or getting out my phone and seeing what's been going on for that whole 50 minutes that I wasn't there like my God. It's a ridiculous right but learning to put that It is something that I'm doing currently right now because in order for me to achieve things I have to put some structures around it. Otherwise, I mean last year my God, I was literally just so distracted and and could not concentrate and jumping from one thing to the next now. I know I'm giving social media a bit of a bad rap, but I guess what I'm trying to say here is that we only have one mind. And we only have our we only have a set of behaviors and habits and we want to ensure that those behaviors and habits enrich our life and not take away from it when I think about social media and I think about what it actually gives you there's some there's some there's an absolute winds but there's some absolute negatives as well. So I've written down a few points around what social media can actually give now when I talk about social media I'm lumping everything in together there the Instagram the Facebook the YouTube the you know, the things that you go on your device to do. And so some of the things that you know can help people Earth with their social media is that it can actually boost their self-esteem. So when they when they start to put themselves out there and they start to get acknowledged for that that does help your self-esteem because it's people are validating you and that's one of the core needs of the human is to feel validated to be seen and to be heard and so when you actually get somebody engaging with you or Pain, or you know giving you a compliment on something that you've posted it does give you that little boost of self-esteem. It gives you that Rush of endorphins that head of dopamine whatever whatever the chemical brain stuff is, but It also works at the negative. So let's just say you do post a photo up there and nobody comments. How does that work for your self-esteem? How does it work for your self-esteem when you're seeing nothing but girls with ripped abs and booties hanging out. You know, how does how does it work when you know, you're pushing forward in your career, but you're seeing all these other businesses. Do you know skyrocketing above yours? How does that work for your self-esteem? So again social media the In common denominator that it has it I say it's so dangerous is comparison and comparison is that thief of Joy comparison is where you're saying that what you have currently is not good enough and that somebody else is better and it's bullshit. It absolutely is bullshit. And if we don't consciously know that we are comparing comparing ourselves. It can create a lot of damage within our self esteem. One of the things as we're learning to build that skill up is please start unfollowing people that do not support your train of thought or where you're wanting to go in your life. If seen bikini models is not something that you're going to be doing. If you're not going to be a bikini model yourself. My question is why do we follow them? Have a think about who you actually have in your account and always go in with that mindset is does this person in Rich my life or do they take away from it? Am I finding myself comparing myself to this person or do I find myself being inspired by them? That is something that I want you to constantly ask and evaluate as you have social media and parents out there if you are if you've got a teenage daughter, Or son or or anyone get them to really ask them that question. Hey, who are you following on Instagram? Cool. I mean see do you know, how does this person make you feel do they inspire? You tell me how they inspire you if they honestly can't articulate that that's something that I would I would then go down and have that conversation with them around the fact that people we follow will affect our own. Behaviors and how it you know, there's the classic line of when you hang around somebody you start to sound like them. I was just laughing with my partner this morning because I don't even want to say it on here because I don't want you to to pick it up, but I'm sure you have but there's something that I say on the bloody podcast all the freaking time and it's this you ready the thing is and absolutely they're my two phrases that I say all the time and I literally don't know that I'm saying them and then when I listen back on my oh my God, the thing is the thing is Stop I said to my partner I said that is me. That's my new word for part or arm. You know how when you did those school like little speeches things and somebody would sit there and listen to you talk and they tally every time he said all but well, mine is the thing is an absolutely and I've noticed my sister saying as well on on the podcast thing. I'm sorry. Oh. Work on that. Let me expand my vocabulary there. But with with your language the more you hang around someone the more you pick it up. So it's the same thing with social media when you're watching their behaviors or when you're seeing what their do we are designed to mimic and and copy and we do that because somewhere inside of US thinks that what the other person is doing is better than us and that our uniqueness isn't special and that what they have is more special and That's bullshit again. I really feel like every time I do podcasts on my own I use the word bullshit a lot. But I really wanted you to hear that every time I use the word bullshit. What I'm doing is highlighting a limiting belief a limiting belief that I have had that that I want to call into the light and say no I choose not to believe that that's bullshit. So human connection again, social media can allow us to connect with people. In fact, I am a bride. It's made to Baby Tam and her wedding and I met her through social media. She followed us on our for babes became one of our first initial clients walked her through the 12 week program got on like a house on fire and developed a friendship. It was just so lucky that she lived on the Gold Coast and we regularly go out for coffee and I'm honored to be her bridesmaid for 2021. So if without social media would have made that. Action without social media. I wouldn't have had that beautiful friendship and I've had others that have reached out and I formed really good friendships with people but it also can be the absolute negative is that what we might feel is that we have human connection with these people, but do we really? Human connection on social media is a dialog in my opinion between person a and person B. It's not always about person a contributing into person B's life. And what I find with social media is that you have these influences influences who are constantly giving giving giving and it gives you the illusion when they talk to you that, you know, you're their best friend and yet they know nothing about you. And even if you've had that conversation back and forth It's when you finally meet them in person. It's like that. You know it that person knows everything about you, but you don't know they don't know anything about yourself. So I was reading this thing and it was saying that social media has this damage of when people finally meet their influences they walk away a little bit disheartened because I feel like they know them but they know nothing about them. I don't know if that's making sense, but it would be you would feel quite rejected and and I might say like it is the weirdest feeling for me and for my sister to meet people who have either followed us or listen to our podcast. I instantly like I never got into this for that whole influencer life, but I Instantly go. I want to know about you. Like I don't you know enough about me like what I want to have that conversation back because it feels weird to have myself out there so much and not ask the question how they are and that's just how I've always done relationship. So human connection social media can be an absolute brilliant thing but it also can cannot be a real human connection. If that makes sense a real human connection relies on that A to B conversation observing the body. Language that investment in one another that is really what human connection is all about memory. So social media is brilliant for the fact that it will pop up memories how greater those Facebook memories that pop up from four to five years ago. In fact, it's probably one of the only reasons why I post on social media as I post the my photos on Facebook, sorry because I want to be reminded of them and when I went or when it was Murphy and whinnies birthday or all those things, I love it. It but the negative effect of of a memory is that we're putting the Highlight Reel up, you know, we never see a photo of us just no makeup looking absolutely dishevelled and posting at our worst time when we've broken up from our partner and all of this. We don't do that. It's probably not a memory that we want to remember however in your hard times that is when the all strength and and your resilience is born and we shouldn't Afraid of Hard Times Hard Times make us who we are they develop us as a person. They are honestly our best teachers and so while we don't always want to be reminded of the pain what we need to do is we need to acknowledge that and so sometimes when you're on your social media and you're only posting about the good things it can give sort of a false reality and when you're looking back on these memories you can think. Oh, wow. I was so happy, but now I'm not so again back into that comparison model again. The thing is Is there life is the thing is it is about highs and lows it is about the ups and downs it is. I mean I can tell you that last year. I learned a shitload about myself and I experienced, you know, some really low lows but I wouldn't take any of those back. It's helped me in ways that I wouldn't even imagine. So I don't know good times bad times. They all equally need to be Just to be celebrated in my opinion sleep another another thing another thing about Slave. Oh my God social media. I don't know how sleep would help with social or how social media helps us sleep scratching my head on that one, but I can tell you that social media will take away from your sleep. How many of you right before bed sit in bed? I'm guilty as charged for this and Rolling through Instagram. In fact, can I tell you a little secret that I only worked out the other day here it is when people are online whether they're on Instagram or Facebook. There will be a little Green Dot and that little Green Dot on their profile pic means they're on line. So next time you're online later like before bed go and scroll through your phone and see who actually is online the same time as you and you might be surprised that a lot of us are You're not alone, but it doesn't help us in the sleep because basically we are being stimulated right before we need to fall into a deep sleep. In fact, I can have my phone away and be falling asleep. And then I have to get up and go to the bathroom or brush my teeth before hopping into bed, and I get my phone out and then I'm wide awake. And so that Bloody phone is again poison in your pocket. It is taking away one. All of the strategies that I've suggested for people is you know, why do we bloody keep our phone right beside I bet I mean, like honestly if you don't have one of those jobs where you need to be on call 24/7, why do we why do we I've suggested to people that they put their phone in their bathroom or somewhere where they actually have to physically get out of their bed to go and get it and that actually really helps if you're trying to get to the gym early because once you're up you're up and you don't necessarily go back to bed. And as soon as you turn your alarm off if you have to physically get out of bed, but I just beg that question why is it but why is it beside us? Why does it need us? 24/7? Why do we need it? 24/7 it is it is something that yeah baffles me and and I do it too and I'm now questioning my own self. So the last one here around social media is around mental health. So the benefits of social media with mental health is that It can provide so mental health and mental illness are two different things mental health is just when you're feeling exhausted mentally and you are needing to have a break from life. You need to do some self-care we talked about this a lot more than what we ever used to mental illnesses where we actually have an illness that requires medication intervention therapy. You name it. It's all there. That just a big difference because sometimes they used interchangeably. And yeah, I think it's important to to highlight that difference but mental health. So what does social media bring? Well, it can allow you to have a break from what you're doing and and feel connected and and have and have something to learn about, you know going on YouTube and learning about skills or how do I do this or how do I do that is bloody great. It's just all that our finger to finger tips. But again the negative impacts on your mental health with social media. Is that comparison model? Its I'm not good enough other people have a better life than me other people have more money than me other people, you know are more prettier than me or whatever it is that that is a roading your mental health and as a road in your confidence that is taken away in so many levels so I bet I wonder I really really wonder is social media good for us or is it not and like anything there is a good and there is a bad aspect to everything but the common denominator in all of this is that we are the ones that put the boundaries in place now just a side tangent here boundaries. Ah far out like brene brown talks about boundaries a lot in her book. She's bloody fantastic. I need to get more into books. But there's a Netflix series at the moment with brene brown and she talks about the power of vulnerability highly recommend if you have an hour and a half to devote to to some learning, but I've learned so I suck at boundaries. Just putting it out there and podcast land. I don't want to disappoint people. I I don't I want to please Please them and you know that comes at the cost of myself sometimes and I'm afraid that if I say no then you know, what will they think of me? So boundaries is something that I've just sort of been like yep cool. You want me to do that? No worries, and then I'll be the person bitching about it later and how I can't believe are AA and that is toxic. Like I'm just create I had the choice to say no and I just said yes and then create the toxic energy that last River and that's bullshit. So boundaries, I've learnt keep you safe boundaries when it comes to sharing things and doing things you have to have boundaries in place. It's like we put boundaries in place for our kids, you know, obviously, we don't want them touching a hot stove or doing anything like that. So we teach them the boundary of that. You know, this is hot. We don't touch blah blah blah we have to do that with our social media. We have to have to have to put boundaries around what we do when we jump online. It doesn't matter what age you are we can go and preach this to our teenage kids, but we actually need it ourselves because we need to protect our own mental health. We need to protect it more than ever and the amount of information that we are just getting bombarded with it's almost like we go to war every single day and we just have all these stuff like like Line into our brains and if we're weak or we have a limiting belief or we we already think that we're not good enough all those images and all those things that that reinforce. I'm not good enough get stuck to that limiting belief and they stick Like Glue. And then that becomes stronger and stronger and stronger within you which means the work that you've got to do to to reframe that limiting belief into a belief. That's powerful. It can be done. Let me tell you that it a hundred percent can be done but just means that you'll be working on that undoing that limiting belief a little bit longer. So putting boundaries in places like you putting up a wall on your mind and saying I choose what I let in and I choose That only so put boundaries around your social media around time and around who you follow and also make sure that you're constantly re-evaluating is as person enriching my life or as as person taking away and only you can do that that you put in boundaries in your own life. They're there to keep you safe. And they're there to make sure that you are protecting yourself really, that's really what it's about. So short and sharp. Six minutes and 44 seconds. I am impressed, but I'm interested to know what your thoughts are and social media and I'd love you to leave me a comment in in our latest Instagram photo or it could just be a DM. I've been toying around with this idea about creating a alpha babes podcast Facebook group and then after each session have some dialogue about it, but I don't Just be creating something if no one's going to be interested in doing that. So if you think that's a brilliant idea and you want to stay more connected within a community within the alphabet podcast Community, shoot me a DM if it's not popular, I'm not gonna do it because there are there were there is a lot of content producing when you are on social media in the capacity that we are. So anyway much love to you. I hope that you've taken something away from this, but just remember that that Poison in your pocket. It can be poison or it could be something else. So you choose that. You have the power anyway much. Love to all of you girls. Bye.