three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you actually meteorologist right? You've been given the crew organizing this event their heads up. Advanced right. Yeah, I helped out and picking you the card as well because we had another sort of dodgy forecast and I guess pz and I've done a few trips to pz knows I used to work as a meteorologist some like Nate just hold off. There's a low pressure system unstable. It's going to whatever happens the forecast only bad until three days out. So from Thursday I said, let's have a look at it. Then Happy Days. It's all come come good so East Sunday suddenly on Saturday and hopefully the rain stays away. Yeah. I really got the rain stays away or Live streams going to be very poor. What what are you more excited about the sup downwind or the foil down window? Because we're potentially running both. Yeah probably ought to be honest. That's the beauty of doing both and doing everything is that it's all exciting the whole weekend to be honest that you get the tech race Saturday morning oil down win Saturday afternoon, and then this up race Sunday jam-packed and every single one of them. They're probably that's pretty much three favorite disciplines from for likes Up Racing, you know, Take rice, three waves down with foil and downwind start just have to make this race and unlimited race. And then maybe add another race put an unlimited deal. Anyway battle like that very much. I'll be a happy man. Perfect. Perfect event. How did a meteorologist become a world champion paddler? Well, the reason I got into meteorology because I was always looking at the forecast in the wind grew up as a surfer went to UNI Andy climate science and really was all What about was what I was interested in when I was growing up. I was surfing a lot and I was I got into kitesurfing. So I really want to know the wind was doing stuff in the morning kiting afternoon kind of thing. And so my dad and want my parents were like, you know, get a uni and do something you're passionate about. Yeah environmental science major in climate science and then got a casual job at whether zone of cracking. Is it meteorologist which was super fun really interesting but can't do it all now prefer. Yeah, you can choose one. I'd probably prefer to paddle from be a meteorologist. Well now every time there's an event on everyone's hassling you for the forecast. I'm gonna start charging. Yeah your Professional Service. Yeah. Now speaking of big events 12 2 hours is weekend. It's probably one of Australia's it's got one of the longest running races in Australia. Hmm eight year now. Yeah, I was a late starter. I've only done this with my third 12 Towers. I just well I missed it. Maybe Hawaii was on I was always doing the sunset surfing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but I've already bought always watched it. But the first one was the flat year a couple years ago the last year we got some really nice that was horrible 2018. And you know, I was telling pz that year there was a northeasterly breeze forecast and I said look it's going to be light until about 4:00 to 12:00 o'clock and by about so I said hold off the start for as long as you can. Yeah, and the wind came in at about 12:45. We started like 11 finishing we start at like 11:00. Yeah, and I remember finishing and the Just you come around the north Burly Headland the wind started popping up. And when I was writing writing are limited and tie. We're just hoping the windows got to come like, please please that we pick up and then we didn't like will Dreamin but I hadn't done the hand down the time and a flat audible in the ocean. So Mike I was going to hope the wind comes and use my own limited. And was that your Molokai prep your on an unlimited. That was what plan you know, like well that was the year that I really want to want to do put everything in I was aiming for a Molokai Podium that year 2000. And I was that was my goal. I didn't have any other International races. So it's like I got 12,000. Yeah, if I'm going to rise now limited from palakkad could be flat from all across all Racing unlimited for 12 hours and it hurt. So going back a few years with Molokai. That was the year. You would have been battling Trav right Travis and Connor. Yeah, and actually had a really good battle with teach one and Lincoln Lincoln was and that's when he pulled out injured both Lincoln and T to pull out injured. Yeah. Doves are pulled away from him. Yeah, and you broke their Spirit honor I think amongst other things and I teach you how to stomach issue and Lincoln bum shoulder. Yeah Lincoln paddled pretty well. It's still his profile photo on Facebook. Yeah grabbing his fight grabbing his shoulder at Molokai if you know, I just noticed the other day. Yeah. Yeah, he's got some demons to overcome at Molokai. Yeah, he's fired up by the sounds of it for this year, which is cool. I like it when Lincoln's all right up for a girl. He's a he's an animal of an athlete and he's Called a same fired up for something paddle boarding and so much sailing which I know is enjoying as well. Yeah, it's not going to be easy to defend your title. Not at all. Laugh boys had enough of this year. Yeah last year was, you know pretty light on really obviously Booth he was there which is I mean, you'd be the world number one. Yeah. That's I'm very glad I'm really glad that both he was there but you know Travis pulled out Connor was it and had a mirror pan am's and Kenny was there to which he's always a strong showing and Josh on a 14 as well. He's an animal you can never really write him off. So, you know, but yeah, it's a it sort of does this Molokai it sort of comes and goes and people come and get excited about it. And so hard I'll have a bad result. So put off it or have a bad experience and it's some you get a stick at it. I reckon, you know and just sort of that's how you really did learn and get better at it. And you know, Kenny's you'll be doing his second in a row at least. Yeah. He's got a few times he's done. See what I'm doesn't he's doing it on a one-man as well. So interesting say he goes this year as well. But yeah, I always I love more like I just watched your Yukon River Quest. Oh, yes. I'm here last night and attempted to sign up not the issue. Thank you one days to close to Molokai Matt. You know, we're going to retire from serious racing. Yeah, I'd beid seriously one of those things but saying earlier that Moloch is not a elite also ultra marathon by any means. Mmm not an ultra by any means, but it there is that level of you've got your high point and everyone's going to experience a low point at one stage. Yeah, so it's definitely one of those races where you're going to feel good at one point and then all of a sudden for no explicable reason you just going to fall into a hole conditions might change if you she might be no good, but something might say maybe just a boat wash. I've heard that I need use where I'm going really well and then it was just sort of knocks you out of your Rhythm and you just get angry at the boat you like you start yelling at your boat. You start yelling at everyone and then you like it's not about them. It's about yourself inside and what's actually going on and yeah, that's that's what I've never I guess what I say about doing it back-to-back years for I didn't five years in a row. I learnt so much every year. I'm still learning stuff. Who is your best teacher or who did you look at? Who do you look at and say I've got to do what they're doing Travis is he's obviously yeah the man like he's he gives away enough. So you have to do it yourself, but to be honest when I first started Dave Kalama was he came and did a sort of a trip a tour in Australia and also JP at the time and JP and imagine what sort of add up together. So we did a little trip together. Yeah, and he was in a bunch of talks and he was talking about concentration while paddling down wind and ask a question. I was like, so how do you stay focused? The four hours paddling down win because I was just needed to have been paddling and I'm like, how do you focus on that? Bob just in front of you the whole time and not you know, just just you know, oh good and then as soon as you use drift off, yeah rhythms go on and everything just goes to shit. You're looking at someone else rhythms gone you're looking at you but you're talking about rhythms gone. So it's that's probably the biggest thing is the Rhythm. But what was he secret because I could have used that in the Yukon. It didn't have a secret. She's like you just said yes to do what we'll have to do it more often as you do it more and more with time and you put yourself in his appearances race experiences and and paddle downwind a lot. It just becomes second nature. You can design into it Marcus. Tarji has a different theory. He says, it's pop NoDoz mate. Yeah, nothing like focusing that made the caffeine high don't drink coffee. So he's like mate you have a nose and you'll be wide for the whole race. So it's just like what's known as caffeine. So they take the test results just the caffeine pill tablet. So none of the nasty stuff I guess. But just just a caffeine Spike. Yeah, he is an animal he just doing the doctor or King of the Kelly's like dealing with the start line. I don't know how he's a caffeine addict. But yeah, he's that's always been his advice the new year. I came 30 more so I had a nice forth when markers on the boat. I had a caffeine gel. So this is the year that I was writing a deep. Yeah, right is a JP and there was better that going on at Molokai. That was not it that not each time. You crack me will ya Vini and myself for all battling for I guess it was fifth place a fourth-place fourth place because Connor Lincoln that you know that Lincoln was good in the flat year Sky there that yeah guy. You've been kind of given Connor Kai. Yeah, but you kind of want it. I think you're right. Yeah, and but I remember all four of us converging. Yeah. At the end but prior to that about an hour earlier, I couldn't see anyone. I was coming night through 8th or 9th. I couldn't see anyone in front of me and I was just physical saying before I was in this massive hole Yeah. I just it was just no reason why but mentally I wasn't there. I had a good start and then a boat washed game on a fallen in the water change or something and then just the wheels. Everything is unraveled and I was just paddling and markers on the boat that you because he was he made our boards. He designed them for deep and he came over and it's like, oh I'm over here might as well get in the boat. Yeah, and now on the boat knew what to say to me because I was just just paddling and we're really having a shot goes an accelerating on the bottom. So I just was just out of it and couldn't see anyone in front and I had a caffeine jail you Marcus because I was the plan I'd have a bit of caffeine because spiking up towards the end and like Max's guess you need some caffeine like yeah, I have a jail. So I had a good gel and whether the caffeine actually did anything or just mentally it just got me out of the hole Yeah. I was fired up and I mowed down. I caught the Tae be just coming into chart like coming into the headwinds section and then passed not it's just as we come around the corner and then a passive any at China Wall on a wave and knowledge and Vinny were just broken. They were just they fell apart upwind section. They fell off like wanna catch a wave then fall off the other catch a wave and fall off and then Toby and I sort of Rachel let it finish and that for me was like probably at the time was like a really fourth place. They are wasn't the podium even For me, it was a big result because all four of us coming around the corner together and managed to win that little battle was it was a good feeling for sure. What's it? Like when you hit China walls who put people who don't know Molokai as a 32-mile race 53 ches but the last couple of Kay's is just a nightmare. Yeah, everyone talks about it and talk about hitting the what happens so meili basically the winds blowing over your Right shoulder the whole time straight down window. It's it's not like M2M. So straight down with your pretty much you called your quartering right the whole time but it's going downwind. You gotta catch a bump and surf right catch a bump set for the whole way. As you get closer to Oahu the current change is basically and the wind changes direction will be more so gets more and more from your side. So when we right shoulder as you get closer and the current does a lot of things first of all, there's a lot going on. So there's it's getting shallower. Yeah, and there's currents running off the island. So you're basically you're getting into Messier water and you start to get back wash it off the cliffs as you get closer to the other companies open deep open open water into this shallower backwash you Zone, I guess and it's not even as you get to the wall. It's about the probably the ten kilometers before you get to the wall that you start to feel the effects. This is it starts. This is it feels like you start to get close to the Finish. Yeah. Always so hard especially throughout us. This 2019 was the worst I've ever had coming into the wall felt like it was a headwind because we were really good win the whole way. But so what happens is the wind wraps around the island. So instead of being over your right shoulder it's more like coming in front of you and across like this a straight across your board. You still have to go in towards the island, but everything is pulling you pulling you out and away from it. So it's just so it's a horrible way to finish basically. It's an evil race, but that's sort of you know, that's why it's such a special right such a special race with everything converges. Like it's actually a pretty nice race the first 30 K is if conditions are good, but it's the last probably 15 20 guys that that's when the race begins and you've heard Travis talk about it the race begins at China Wall. Yeah anyone can downwind but can you figure out what's going on in that the backwash the current the wind from the side Turn Around the Corner the wind head-on you got the waves is actually those could almost be a good Bop course because there are waves that last section with that headwind. Yeah, and on the right day do a little m shape course on the 17th voters. Why not? You know the first year I did it 2016. It was bombing. Like it was a proper 8-foot Hawaiian that that famous you with Trav going down the face exactly come and pass China was yeah, and that's that's what it can be like or can be flat and just a straight-up window. Yeah. Its that's the other challenge, you know conditions. There's no wind that year, but the swell was massive. So it's you ever do it on a file. So I would man I'd like to Spencer's and five. They tempted you. Oh, absolutely that Chi flew past Municipal coming to China. Although I mean this massive hole this year, you know you come and you just had early case of beautiful downwind you've been powering into the wind for 10 like Crosswinds messy watered for 10ks, and then tie flies past in the fall and pumps to the finish and you're thinking how far behind you today start. Like what was the time Gap? I was like two hours faster. I think or an hour-and-a-half faster. It's not even People compare it like you can go faster and for Mike night. It's like this is favorite walking in cycling, you know, it's like you're comparing apples and oranges. It's yeah so different but would you give up this upside of it or you if because they keep running the same time. It's got a switch weekends or switch days. It's going to be probably one of the more participated for erase this this Weekends just because he gets one ever in Australia or yeah. Well King of the color pink at 12. We've got to beat the Dozen. Yeah. It doesn't get the boys out there Marcus tawdry keeps telling me how good King of the caddies wait. I love King of the cart but don't discount. Yeah Goldie when it gets windy. We got a good run here. Yeah. So will you do foil one day for sure. I definitely want to do it. I was tempted still intended to do it 20/20, but I'd love to I'd love to back it up as a defend my crown. I got it. It's if they change the days and I'll file it as well. But I wouldn't compromise my I've worked too hard and stand up paddling on the unlimited too much R&D too much time over there to just go and do it completely different race. Basically. It's a two-hour to a half hour race the foil like, yeah, it's it's a Sprint, you know, it's that's a good distance for a fall. Oil downwinder I think 52 case how strong your legs. How are you pumping for two and a half hours? That's the longest foil you've done longest foil earlier this year for the fires. Of course, I can start. You know, I got a hundred eight kilometers six six hours and it wasn't nice conditions. We got 250 K as well. That's Molokai. We got another one of them to go. So you've been pretty busy off the water. You did a lot of cool stuff. This is what I like that you're kicking ass on the water, but you've been one of the most Proactive paddle is offered raising funds for various things a lot of very close to your heart. Yeah the fall for the fire. He's as we had an ollie Summer with the bush fires in Australia as you see boys got together and or my was Marcus. Yeah. She's all right. Tell us what you did. So Marcus in wa sort of the bush fires happening on the East Coast. He he wanted to donate but wasn't a substantial amount. We're not what he wanted to be able to put towards at some of these was talking to me about and what can I do? And he's he came up with a lot I'm going to I'm going to oil from every is original paint was 90 kilometers. So it's going to go from the start of the king of the cat to the finish of the doctor, which is 90 kilometers. So his plan was to Foyle 90 kilometers and raise money basically to try and raise your donations to get donations to go towards any Bushfire relief. Basically, he was really passionate is quite a Greenie Marcus. He's into his wild life, you know, yeah. There are hundreds of thousands of hectares of national park or wiped out. So lots of you know all our native animals, like koalas have really taken a really big hit because they're just not mobile enough the Kangaroos and you know, all the all the iconic Ozzy animals while the definitely not mobile you basically get drugged up on eucalyptus, but they're yes, I basically all it was decimated been all people's homes. And and then the all the it was a gnarly summer the real fire service as well. you know putting just well in over their head, but that their volunteer organization and they haven't been as far as or every in every state just about and it was Like the size of some countries was on fire essentially in Australia. It was ridiculous. So being on these heaps and media, the media was massive, but for a good reason it was unfair recent like every or Melbourne got massive fire of smoke from during the Australian Open. That was a big concern for the Australian Open cricket matches in Sydney. We had with in Sydney. We've had smoked we had smoke from November. So on and off until pretty much money did the soil for the fires in Was it January? Yeah, so and ironically when we did the foil for the fires massive floods huge and there's a site what's wrong with this country is a cyclone in the Northwest. Wa that's actually one of the reasons Jack's one of the one of the one of our support team. She could actually she drove the trailer for us. So we'd have to drive back up to bum breather. Yeah. So yeah, what we did was we raise money to jump it up as best. We could on Instagram and social media to get to just Right raise as much money as we could and we foiled from Bunbury to just pass manager. Basically. Yeah, which is a hundred kilometers and we did it to raise awareness for the bush fires in to raise money for it. And I think we raised it was 3 Grand for it three and a half Grand kind of thing Marcus originally Wonder raise things with thousand bucks. I'm like man, you got a bump that yeah, I starting got a bump up to five and he's like, I don't know not not reach my goals. So he think we raised three three three and a big Grand. Yeah, it's good. Awesome, and and it was a really big challenge for us and I really enjoyed it Marcus did too but he's like I'm never doing that again. Like we should do it every year. But so what was it like going beyond the good cause it was for just the actual foil itself 400 case how the freaking out you do that? Yes. I'm how many breaks did you have to take you couldn't have gone on snow. We assess the conditions are ordinary really not great. So we for that long and the water we wanted to Marcus first and foremost. Just want to finish he didn't want to do. Don't worry about time or anything. The reason we didn't do mandurah to Hillary's which is where the doctor finishes and the king of the cut starts is because there's so much seaweed at the moment. Oh, yeah, maybe from the warmer water temperatures all the Baltimore storm Zone over the handlebars on the file may not even go to the handlebars. That would be better if you did, but if this is your masked this ribbon, we'd like sort of your finger with just gets stuck on the mass and it's just like it's like driving and then slowly pull the handbrake on just a little bit. It's a little bit more just a little bit more or if you're riding your bike and your brake stuck on Yeah, it's like that. So you might be going down this my going down a hill and then all of a sudden you come to almost you just drop. Yeah, so it's It was frustrating and Marcus was stressing so much about that because he been to local runs in Perth. And there was just no he couldn't do a kilometer without having to stop and flip is foil over and get the weed off. So he was real that's why we went that's why we start in bummed because there wasn't supposed to be as much we use a shot of your boys at the finish the start. Yeah, that was when we hit 90 kilometers. So we hit our Target or Marcus's Target of 90 KS. Yeah, and I was in a museum like mate. We're not doing 90. Ether that is what is this is triple figures. So that was that was just that was on the king of the cut course right there. And now is it about will be 132 o'clock. So we've been going for five four and a half five hours there. Yeah, I'll probably five hours. They're five and a half and I will state you can see the conditions are awesome there and that isn't what it was like the whole time interestingly enough the first 30k is was really bad light winds. There's this one that it gets at the end. Yeah, that's you having fun at the finish at the yeah, ironically. The first lady has had the middle 30k is was starting to get better in the last 40 was awesome. So this was probably the start of that last sort of 30 kilometers. So that was just about as we bout to hit the start of the king of the cart run. Yeah, so it's but the angle the coast runs there and the time of day we hit it every I was awesome at that stage. Is anyone in Australia being foiling longer than you? I'm pretty sure I've never seen anyone post more foiling videos on Instagram. Yeah, I may be like Kai. I'm pretty pissed. You must be up there with most prolific foilers in the world. I don't like Jensen and I pretty much bought a go for the same time that he's coming to you were the first to in us I think say like I fall was definitely one of the first that you know kite foilers in Sydney, but for sir filing I think and start boiling. I think we were the first yeah, I'll be doing it. What was that? It was this is the newest sport in the ocean. Yeah, you're like a veteran of it already. Yeah, you know, I just I think it was three years ago or three years ago in October. Yeah. Yes, i'ii, again, two three come close to three and a half years now. So that must have been rough to kayak is kind of that famous video on the exactly so we saw that and we know we didn't know where to get them. And then we have is like May or June he did that. Yeah, and then I was hanging out with a sensible is Jeffrey and Finn. And that was still riding go for then. They start you should have to Alex Alex Agera from go for oil and so I introduced a introduce you to him and he heal and Vinny and I because we always there for the for a photo shoot. He'll and Vinny and I a Go full set up with a stand up board and we messed around on that the whole week. So we literally one of us got and erase board the other person out on the foil ball, and we just just just ate shit. Yeah, we should just keep pounding ourselves like at me and even you struggled in the beginning. Inning. Oh Matt that gives me some comfort from what's happened to me the past few weeks. You've got it easy. Now the father so much more user-friendly what we started with, you know, we started with a chi there's like a surf Wing. Yes tiny. So you had to be going so fast just to get the the lie you down winning on a little Nimble surf. Yeah. We I we tried to downwind on that we would have said listen to the waves to start with and I tried that December so I got the got the wing in October in Australia and then that December I went brought it to wa and I tried a couple down Windows me man. Hm it was I got out once and flew for about maybe a hundred fifty meters. Yeah, and it was a long half cut. Yeah, we did only got halfway through the half got so did a quarter cut and it was mainly paddling on a 7-foot. What's up, most the time the thing foil down wending can either be the funnest thing in the world or just the worst maybe the flying at 25k an hour or paddling a boogie board at like two kilometers now and I think that's the appeal of it as well because it can be so good, but it's hard to get a good idea to put a lot of time. I mean to get good at it. Yeah, so it's yeah, it's people don't like things that are too easy. Yeah, it's too easy. There's no reward looks like you know you doing the Yukon you do something really hard. Everything else was really good. You do Molokai and it's like, okay. That was a good downwinder. But that's a Malika run. You do Molokai and you gotta earn it you paddle into a headwind to finish. Mmm, like three or four castes after paddling 50 case. Yeah, I'll say is that that Bittersweet you gotta have that bit of grit to really enjoy the good times. That's what I that's why I think that filings taken off. That is hard. Yeah, but it's not so hard that it's impossible. Yeah is a really good point the challenge because I've been getting the feeling lately and when I first started it felt like a little kid trying to learn how to surf again. It's very humbling. But after you get over that hump, not only is it this a mate like you're riding a Magic Carpet. It feels amazing, but the reward is like wow, I learned something. Yeah after sure and that's are saying like Vinny and I we ate shit for a week. Yeah, and when we finally started to get a bit of lift and like wow. Wow, this is awesome. And you get that feeling and it's just Benny Martin Everett. WA is coined the term foil brain. Yeah, just get obsessed. I see everyone do it. When I did the same thing when you first get that flight got you set up. All you want to do is foil that October. I got a fallible and I foiled from kingly Cut basically because I get to go and erase board again from King of the cart through till March. I didn't touch any other craft old unaffordable at NFL would only I got a step forward then I finally converted a What are those two approaching full board and I went through this sort of sign learning curve on the pronoun full board and it was just like starting to boil again being on the prime. And yeah, it's yeah now I'm a bit more balanced despite my Instagram people like to watch foiling. I think I think it's well give us four people that for me basically everyone else listening. How do you go from playing around the surf on a foil to doing it down window because I'm might be doing my mate and downwind run tomorrow. Yeah in down One race. Say you'll fit mate. You've done the Yukon main thing is he's got a paddle really slow. I did you find you can do the $12 Master really slowly to I mean, yeah, I'll get that. That's not that's not the way I just like to do it in Faster than four hours. Yes, I basically from when I learnt to now it's the equipment has gotten so much better one. We're on. Yes. Well, yes or no so that the for the sup foil ball has it gotten a lot smaller which isn't always better to get started along the boards going to be better. So I started my first down Sport I downloaded on was like i72 which now is it looking like an aircraft carrier compared to what we're using now? Yeah. What are you falling on them on a 600 now 600 510. Yeah, which is a foot is a lot better what I step foot in a bit is a lot when you're on in the waves will be on I can surfing yeah, I use the same board know what I mean prone. So I got two four six. So I went down to 311. I just filled with boa Brian and he wasn't like a three like to 11 or something and we had he's got An actual keyboard Escalades, it's that's ridiculous that he just carries around. Like I ate one for each foot looks like that. They're like slippers but he's and he's doing well. He's getting he's not missing any waves but - the theories just once you're up you don't need the board for me personally. I've gone through that sort of go short as I can. I'll come back up. So the shorter the board once you're up lighter less swing weight. Nothing in front of you feels cool. But by going when if you ever touch down the short boards have Zero forgiveness you touch the and you know start because you know is your foot is at the nose. Yeah. So I've now gone a bit longer two reasons one at paddles better. You can just you can paddle out the peak. Now you can paddle on to a peak wave rolling catching a foamy on the inside. Yeah and two if you do touchdown, it's a surfboard on or to board on the wave and it just Glides. Yeah the then touching down and just catching a rail. So the to sort of that's sort of where fallings kind of go on. You know, you saw Chi ride that basically a skateboard. And and and Nathan Nathan from South Africa. He was using basically like literally a skateboard deck. Yeah, but he's not using that most the time. Yeah, that's the time he's using I think for six is actually on a skate e deck literally he skate it was an awesome video. Did he skated down the road in South Africa with his foil and his hand and a screwdriver I guess and then stopped under these under the tracks. Yeah under the tracks and then put his foil into the bottom is board and then did a doc. And foiled around in the circle into a wave and that was an Avenger then I don't know what Van Buren. But yeah, he's a he's a seriously cool guy to watch Nathan. He did the first Molokai and to be honest. He gave Kaya really good scare. I think he didn't win but he was second by a fair bit, I believe but he didn't do it last year. So I don't know what he's up to now. But he was one of the first guys to be using one of those higher aspect wings from Van Buren. Yeah. Alright point out for me stick with us folks a while ago. So keep going back with all these videos, please don't nobody foil transfer is a freak. It was probably six months ago so I could be it that one there. That looks like a telling you anyway, yeah, it is hot. So he's skating down. He's gonna spoil every show that's on there. I soaked I do something like that in hospital where he did like. Yeah. It's for off the board. Yes. I paddled in on a standoff with a foil basically attached to his feet and the board was like cut out. So we had like a board and it was like split. So it was when he just sort of slid out in front of the how are you guys ever doing a sup race again? When you having this much fun and what keep what drives you to how do you continue? I doing a 14-foot sup race when you know how much it could fun. I could be on a for I think it's the competitive drive, you know, we all you know foiling Kind of novelty still at the moment. There's no races yet. It's still too early and maybe we need to put our time into creating a format instead of doing our training for 14 foot races, but you're right. It's a good question. I ask myself that every day. He's all night. Yeah kid from South Africa. He was like top three Molokai second. Although I'm pretty sure he was safe and he passed Spence was a Jeffrey not he didn't do it last year you before yeah. Yeah, it's actually on a scaredy-dog is actually like literally on the skating. Just well I'm saying this way that's pretty cool like just the way and he does a doctor. Yeah, that's freaking kids. Yeah, they worry. No. Yeah. So a guy in wa Foyle Perth has done the same thing, but he's actually reinforced he's skating it because it looks like there's a little bit of flex when he pushes down with that front foot. That is insane. Yeah. Could you downwind on something like this if you could get going here? Yeah, you can tell in on it, but good luck paddling it back out then once he's got home. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God pretty quickly. That's insane. Yeah. I remember saying that and I was like, wow, that's that's the bottom end. That's where I went. But yeah, he's he's not using that skateboard deck in the surf. He's a doc staff and even then you'd see the flexion the deck like skate. These aren't the stiffest. Yeah. Action, so I think he's not everyone's do so if there's a normal person listening that's not a freakish like 17 year old South African or yourself. How do you get into this? What's the easiest way behind the boat or an e for oil? So Mmm Yeah. I tried one of those in Europe. That was fun. Yeah, they're good. Right? Yeah, and then like I've never a v-fold once before and I followed a fair bit, but the learning curve was for me like a couple minutes. I had a mate who's filming and he came ever followed in his life. Or he went out afterwards and gave it a go and he landed about probably 15 minutes on the water. Just you know, you got your triggering your hands through your speed and you press up gears or down gears to go faster or slower. And you sort of get on your knees. And you start painting on the board get up to your feet up the gears. Yeah sort of start to lift its like what you see it. It's awesome. See because behind the boat is great. But there's a lot of things like the wake and the / hmm, they could be different. So if you've got a bad driver in the person's just going to get like yanked off. They're not ready because they're getting pulled you do cable. Ski or those who fast we tried to do it at the starboard HQ. They got a cable park there. I'm sure you could you get a file that would fit that speed but for sure slower to start with is better. Yeah. Alright. So for anyone that doesn't have a fifteen thousand dollar fee for finding for at their mates Place. What's the behind a boat? And then how do you start is in the waves easy? Don't start that don't don't learn to file in the waves because basically behind a boat you get so I teach a bit of it at home and I'll if I can organize a boat I do. Otherwise I'll get my friend of mine Angela Andrew Allen at Balmoral paddle surf to just tie them behind your teach behind it because basically half an hour session behind the boat is like about probably three weeks of trying to voyle in the waves. I'll be probably six or seven sessions in the waves because you have that time on the foil and you're figuring out how to stay higher how to stay low. You got that whole lift and you can start to turn behind the boat. It's all in the controlled environment in the waves 90% of the time you're paddling around trying to catch a wave and we do catch away. If you're taken off on this steep space. It's the hardest part of foiling is to take off and that's when you learn to follow and surf that's what you've got to do with. Yeah, you start here and you go to drop down which when you that's the one thing you don't want to do when you're learning to foil so behind a boat you get the feeling of foiling and then you progress to I guess. Tiny soft waves without to steeper take off and then you can try to sort of learn in the waves. But yeah, I know people that have tried to learn without going behind a boat or without any I tried to learn like that too and it's hard it takes takes four weeks. Yeah every day. I'll take I'd say 14 days in this Earth on a foil and you finally get it maybe in the 14th day when one session by the bait you probably skipping 10 of those days. Yeah, so it's if you can get behind a boat, but I saw Peter is doing like a bungee or We are we try that a couple of days ago here as well with Jack on the crew. We were trying to basically do a yeah, just get a massive bungee cable run it off something and try and get a slingshot start. We need a must be a cable. We had like three meters of Paul like three minutes to talk and it just went slack. You need to be a we know it. We definitely needed to be a cable. But the theory I've seen those guys do it up there. And yeah, it's fun. Yeah. I think that could actually Jack on the Who here obsessed with this idea of being Flat Water foil racing with bungee cables or like with winches or something to pull you off at the start and get some speed going? Yeah. I was chatting on yesterday about it. And there can it work. I think it's possible that a lot of things are possible and I may not be the best way to be doing. It's an option would be a novelty. I saw there's a foil race in Florida soon. It's called the foil surf Race League. Yeah, and they're called their format is a beach start. So you're running is prone boards. debate start with the foil is not the nicest way to be starting but that's what we all do when we serve we all paddle our so that's how they're starting and you got to basically pal out around the can and you got to catch a wave and you have to pump between one spot to another spot and if you can pump back That's better or if you can't come back, you got to get back to the beach and then run along the beach and then paddle back out and get another wave and you got to like three laps or something. I don't never fool. It looks like cool. It's the first sort of proper race. I've seen yeah or foil Seth technical sort of style races. What's your take on foiling being a racing sport versus just a purely leisurely Pursuits. I just philosophical debate with Kalama. He was he was he was actually worried that foiling was going to go to Niche and like everyone wanted to race. Whereas it's you. all about the Glide and the first race I did in Hawaii for racing like the first few years down when filing for me was just like you just surfing you're linking bumps and it's unreal Then they started before racing talk of downwind for us and cool. Let's do it. Yeah, and then I did my first race and I was surfing between bumps. Like I was when I was having fun. Everyone else is just pumping over bumps. Yeah. I was like what the hell this isn't fun anymore and like I remember chapter markers about and like fall Racing's at my tits. What's the point? You know, it's just yeah, it's like what's what's what's the we made I'll be racing stand up. So again, you just pop them. You know you had that in you pumping hard, which is kind of the way it's going but I was also want to an older Wing. I was on the Malika 200. Now the I respect Wings makes it a lot easier to pump. So it's hmm still work, but it's less work and it Glides better. You can go over bumps easier for the gears come a long way, but it is still racing like yeah racing is always going to be hard. It's not going to be an easy. Leisurely, you know, is it an arms race at the moment I've I reckon it is And and not so much an arms race. Like there's not one. It's going to be the best all the time because the ocean is an ever-changing medium. It's always there's there's wind there's even we've there's well there's an integral to bring into account your weight the weight of your gear the weight of your board Dave climbers 90 kilos. I'm 80 kilos kind of 70 kilos. Yeah. So for all your life, we're all using the exact same Wing. Yeah, then if it's a super windy day Dave's going to have the best Advantage. Yeah. It's a super light day. Kai's gonna have the best advantage. And it just sort of swings between it like this. But in reality that's kind of cool too. Yeah, it was not the same person is going to win all the time and they figured out the best foil yet or are we in like this massive? I think they've come a long way and they've made some really big steps. Yeah, because you work closely with go foil like on giving them feedback R&D. Yeah. So originally there was just the chi and then there's the Malik I like a blue flat wing and they scrapped that Malika and made it a neither. And there and either then Malika 200 and Malika 280 and now they've sort of kind of going back to that original design a higher aspect flat wing and they've called it the GL GL series. There's a 180 210 and 240 and they're much faster wings and the difference between the either and the or the Malika 200 and the go for the GL 180. Yeah in terms of speed Direct speed not for learning. I definitely still think that those Malika 200 in the Better for learning because I have more lift but in terms of pure speed that the exact same Run 10 kilometer run, I'll go about exact same conditions. I'll go probably eight minutes faster. Yeah, so I'm doing was pushing 1920 case an hour on a good run and now I'm pushing. Probably 20 24 to 25 case per hour. So straightaway. Is there going to be a limit you think how fast we're going to go on this. Well, it's all limited to how fast a wing you can get to lift up because you've got to get up on our own speeds. Yes, Captain Benny Dodger about it earlier today and Yeah, you people look at you know style JPay and you know, all the foiling are doing they've got a massive sale if it's windy, they put us faster wing on how fast do they go? I don't know. I honestly don't know but I 40 50 knots. What's that? That's like a hundred cases per hour, isn't it? That's I'm not a psycho. Mom. You're the meteorologist. Yeah. I think it's at least double 50 knots in kilometer per hour. Yeah. Yeah, 92 km now. Yeah, and so that's how fast foils so they're going 90 km our on a foil boat. They can't fast. I'm don't quote me on that, but they're going a lot quicker than we are even like we're walking speed compared to what they're doing. They're like Hyper Speed and moving but at like foils you can get for those that go that fast but we're limited to being able to paddle up on the wing. So I feel like Maybe got that for us. I think the next Barry is that at 30 K per hour average? I'm fine and 40 knots on here for 40 not see if that's macking. That's that's 75 80 cases per hour and we're going Max 25 our top speeds. I think people who like downwind they're getting close to 40 case for our so yeah, but that's like that's a spike and then it probably a big splash afterwards, you know, so what's what's next for you this year 12,000 weekend. You going back to Molokai Oho, of course Molokai is definitely my main gets hot in here. Doesn't it? Mango his face? Stop? Ya Feelin the pressure back to malka. Malka is the mango. That's the first six months. That's that's why I like to focus on two. I enjoy trying for it. Mmm. I love down winning and I love little people like the logistics of doing winning. How do you try and watch your training? I just try and downwind as much as I can. So you got fun training. You got to make you're not you're not in the gym. I'm not running laps I do. A bit of that. I do a bit of not so much Jim and heavyweight stuff, but I do like bands and stretching and that sort of stuff. I don't run a lot. I'll cycle a bit when I have to downwind because I'll downwind drop a car and cycle back or whatever it is. I try to but I try I try to trick myself into training hard. Yeah makes sense. And so surf Racing's fun because you paddle out turn around catch a wave. Yeah the effort you expand paddling out through the waves is a lot. Yeah, but you tricking yourself, you know, whereas paddling in Flat Water which we will I'm not Going to fight what arises that when you paddle in Flat Water, it's like man, this is hard work. And this is this isn't fun. This is just grinding. This is building a mental strength for sure, but I don't enjoy it and Life's too short to do things. You don't enjoy. Yeah. So if you can downwind usually Molokai is an ocean race, usually it's there's bumps. Yeah on the good good years. It's downwind so I try to get out and conditions that are most similar to mollify which is downwind conditions. So, So and in Sydney were like enough that we don't have a perfect downwinder as heaps of backwash. It's messy so we've got a pretty good playground to train for Molokai because it's a messy down winders and it's in Winter we get big subtle. He's mmm and sometimes we get Northeast least as well. So you can drive up paddle back from the Nor'easter and the next day paddle out paddle and then paddles back to your car. Yeah, that's the dream. So you've got it with you up and down window. Yeah, so we got it. We got a downwind you like. Yeah so far. We've got just leave it there. Yeah, well, it's just you that people made you leave it left it here and let it really the golf club listed Palm Beach. Oh, yeah, just you know, you don't live for too long you do it when you know, there's a wind coming both ways. Yeah, but sometimes we leave it for a little bit. That's usually my fault. Yeah, Jason can it a good mate of mine who bought the DMV New and so they added to the club. We we always is three seats in it. We try to team up with everyone and yeah, that's wow. That's cool. Yeah. That's that's how I try to train. Like so just before I left, I'd for 12 hours. I was training I drove up the coast at allowance on your side. We was coming the next day. So it was a light nor Easter but it motivates you to get out there because you can drop the car and you can paddle back in the good side leave the next day. So you paddle out do your 1012 case back down wind and then you next day you wake up. So he's not here. All right, go to a bit of work come back in sublease hit paddle out paddle back to you. Cuz yeah, so it's too easy the dream. That's the secret. So you speaking of are you had a big motivation last year? And you want it Dad got unfortunately very well you got cancer. Yep just really close to the rice. Yes. I was March. He got it. So just as I was sort of starting to train, so I was doing that. She didn't Hawaii doing a doing a sunset event and he was complaining of like an earache. He actually went to sort of a secret spot in Maui and surf surf there and he was like yelling at he's like now I'm just going to Watch so we just sat there and watched and sort of Rose running safety for me from the beach came in like then we ended up surfing the harbor afterwards and and went to North Shore and did the event then we flew home and that was still complaining about his ear. So I went to the doctor and the doctor thought it was just waxing his ears. He drained it with a candle and then that was like that wasn't it? I think it was more than just you acts went to the doctor again got scans and found he had a tumor at the bottom of his skull basically his cerebellum. I'm sorry, that's a spot that you can't really operate on just the top of the spine spine the brain basically meat mmm, so he they did do surgery just to because they did all these tests. They couldn't find out what it was. They opened him up. He had brain surgery just to sort of see what it was and they got out as much as they could but you're messing with a lot of stuff in the brain. You can't dig stuff out without having consequences so they didn't take out a lot because they couldn't he was really worried that before brain surgery even yes. He was worried that he's got to sign wheels and all this sort of stuff because he was worried that he could come out as a vegetable. Yeah, it's because surgeries scary so he had that and then he started came over right away. So you're two weeks rest after the his brain being open had big zipper in the back of his skull. Wow. Yeah and then straighten the chemo radiation and then chemo and yeah, it's been a long journey. It's been a year and he's sort of been going through the processes and had the radiation chemo and then You started a new chemo now. That's we don't know if it's working. Yes tricky. Yeah, so he was he was really bad in June last year just before I left for my loci. He was on a walking frame basically. So you progressively he was walking around but a bit woozy. His vision was blurred said he's not in pain, but he can't if he's looking at you straight ahead. You'll see two of you. So he's got this double vision. So he's like he used to talk about like he's got this his like where you saw that when he first had the surgeries I go. I'm sore like here. Yeah. My second head. I was like Gladys kept your sense of humor. Yeah, and he has and he's always said if we draw a sense of humor, but he was a fees a fit bloke like that. It sounds like he was at Triathlete or was he did the Hawaiian Ironman? So qualified, you know 5K string the full-on wonderful full Ironman. Yeah when I was and he did Molokai after that and then did a bunch of kitd Molokai to Oahu was a team. He's toad yours paddled in it. The outer reefs in Maui is it he was an inspiration to me big time going up and yeah, it's really sad to see him how he is, but everyone goes through it like Everyone knows someone who's got cancer and that's I guess why famiiy one do raise money for it, especially brain cancer. They don't know a lot about yeah and that's become more and more clear that long we've gone through the treatment with him just because it's trial and error every Cancer is different and every brain cancer is different more and more different. Yeah. I don't really know what it is. That's causing what and what's actually working and what's not working and you raise a lot of money. Yeah, we came horse thing. So I literally I was internally I was obviously really sad But I sort of grappling with it. So we learned about it in March so much April May June. So three months I was sort of processing it and my girlfriend is helping a lot. She's like, can he talk about me now? I'm fine. He'll be he'll be okay. Okay, okay and brain cancer like it's a not don't Google it. Why didn't I shouldn't have Google it was like 90% of people with brain cancer die. It's just the way it is. It's not an easy one to treat and so my guy friends like you got to start talking about it kind of thing. And so I start talking to her about it and stay. I left for a while. My dad. I want to raise some money for you. Yeah, I think it really emotional and when I was literally boarding the flight to Hawaii from Molokai what I didn't do the full month of July because with that band sick, I wanted to be there with him. So it was two weeks out from Molokai and I was boarding a flight to go to Hawaii by myself and I was sitting at the gate and like I should post it. I should post it. I'm gonna raise money for it. So I got on the plane. I posted it got on the plane. What was holding you back from posting? I don't talk about it. It was just when I talked about I got sad and when I didn't want the people's pity. yeah I guess and people ask a how's it going it's like don't good yeah you know and that doesn't make me feel good and doesn't even when people ask I feel I don't want to make them feel sad either yeah ideally honestly he's better but he's not he's shit it's it's fucked you know it's really not a good situation but it's just the way it is and people do with it and like I said everyone knows someone who's probably gone to it and once I posted that I realized a lot of people If it had been through something like that. Yeah. So how much did that motivate you during the race? Oh massively. Yeah huge and the battle ahead with boothy. Mmm. It was pretty back and forth, you know and there are times that I like. Man, I'm not gonna be able to do it, you know, but I think I got to try. You know, I'm here. I've done everything Dad can't be and dad was on the boat the previous you in 20 the yoga third or 2018. Yeah, and whenever I got a good bump you would go. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, and so it just really and I have that in the back of my head and my sister and her husband now, I were on the boat and they were screaming out. Oh, yeah. Well, I got a good yeah, which is really nice but a lot of the ladies. With like a lot of that took up a lot of my time thinking about it and definitely like it prepared me mentally for the race during the race. Definitely it helped but I'm if I'm in a especially if it's a downwind race, I'm pretty motivated as it is already like you're going to go as hard as you can as a bump in front, you're not going to paddle faster the paddle into the bump just got to wait it out some more about Focus. So by thinking too much about Dad at home wasn't helping me go faster. Yeah, but it's more when you hit the head wind. and you know, I got a palace heart of the king, but by then I was stuffed every I'd had a big enough gap on booth in it didn't matter so much but But that's in my escort and sister were pushing me to get the record. I was like 3 minutes off it I come on you got this you got this and I'm like, yeah, but how far back is boothy. I don't really care about the record. You can have your record like like all credit to Trav. He's an animal but and like obviously you are a lot of people the record that you but I wasn't I was racing boothy. Yeah. That was what I was doing. I want to win the race and it was neck and neck for a while there right the first Probably three hours two and a half three hours before our race, and he was leading for a lot of that. First two hours. Probably the first hour. He was in front and it was back and forth. But I kind of went in with the game plan knowing I knew Booth he would be better in the first half for the race. Yeah, the bumps are smaller. Which means you it comes down. It's more of a paddling race the first five ten case. It's the smaller bumps. So it's more like a Hood River than it is a Malika run. Yeah, because you're coming. It's an offshore Breeze from Molokai as you can to that sort of next stage. It becomes more surfing bumps and it actually got really good this year the middle 20 cases was probably the best. I've had it last five years. So you're just it was like a war of attrition with boothy. Yeah, I sort of I called Marcus the turtle. Yeah, when you downwind there's The Hare and The Tortoise. So the only way they haven't sort of local in the turtle is eternal because he isn't sprinting he's sitting back and watching everything unfold. Yeah, so going into Molokai I was staying with Marcus and we talked about that like there's a you you're gonna be the turtle, you know, I was going to be the turtle. I've met him on. My plan is to let him go out front let him lead for a bit and let him let him set his pace and I'll set my pace and I'll just go from there. I wouldn't want to let him ever get too far in front. Yeah, but I also was happy sitting behind him kind of like letting him worry about where I was I could see him if I was paddling up folks in myself five quick look up when I'm on a bump good to see him. I've put look back down. He didn't know where I was lol the time. He looked over his shoulder to see where I was that doesn't make you go faster than wind you're looking with someone else is especially when you go on like this over your shoulder and then looking back to where you're going the oceans changed. I'm paddling have a glanced off a little glance back down that's not hurting me too much I tried to limited because looking out from down doesn't help me doesn't help me either my plan was definitely the happy for him to lead the race isn't one in the first two hours so that was the shore and I learnt a bit of that from Travis yeah because I've been an exact opposite position the year before and the year before that probably too so you were the hair oh hey I was always here because I felt like I was a new Travis was really good downwind and I've developed my downwind paddling over the years but at that when I first came onto the scene I was a strong paddler I wasn't a smart paddler you know they like they used for tried to muscle your way through Molokai percent yeah and that's like a great tactic well that massive at least put my eye yeah just get out of the blocks fast yeah put a bit of pressure on you know Trav and Connor basically that was a network for the first half right worked a few weeks for the Visa so I think The coffee is you learn from that and Travis would never say that but you are jelly paddles and you know that has happened smart. So Travis like the ultimate Turtle he wouldn't call him a turtle. I think he's got a bit of hair in him. Yeah. I got it was well Marcus is the ultimate Turtle you paddle with him in the flat and he's so far back. Yeah, or even in a crosswind kind of not it like paddling out to sea, it'll do training runs like boxing in the palette further just to get a little bit more training in. He's like, yeah you do that. I'll wait for you here. You know, I can see why he's embraced foiling and I worked on him to bring about a year to get him into foiling. But yeah, exactly. But yeah, there's definitely it's a good one. I guess it's because I've been having for a bit longer now. I'm not a veteran like Connor or Travis are but I've done Molokai five times now and you learn a lot every time you do it and yeah Booth is only down at once on a stand-up is something the ski plenty of times but it's much shorter on a ski you coming back this year coming back with these you'll never not happen. I'm a shot at your he'd have to wouldn't he? All right. I've heard he is. I haven't seen him for a while. Yeah. No, I'd say a hundred percent. He's he doesn't have two things. Yeah III he's he's the ultimate professional and I respect him massively. That's that's what I thought. good to win this year last year 2019 because as he said I was writing the world number one and he's not well known for downwind but that he is not too shabby he's got his pretty good and everything these days very good down winning now and he lives in Perth and there's downwind in summer six days out of seven you could definitely infertile so there's no surprises that he's gotten much better at than when paddling I'll soon be a good battle this year then you can have a big it's not just not just him there's going to be If your boys had an hour, have you ever had a rice? We have had the X on your back or is this the first time your well when you about you talking about Molokai this you need labeled me as the favorite. I'm like, whoa. Wait it is world number one. Come on. Now. We're we're all rooting for you. For sure. That was a I think to say that you were the sentimental favorite would be a huge understatement. Yeah, I guess what I was talking about earlier is when I got on the plane I posted that thing about my dad I I think my goal was to raise like five grand and he was a thousand bucks. It was it was I didn't set it too high. I'm like look, I've got a week before I go to the race. Yeah. I'm not expecting to rise to much money. I probably left it a bit late. I got off the plane landed in Honolulu and then flew to Maui and finally figured out my phone got the other change SIM cards had a look how much of our raised side rails like four and a half Grand it make the 12-hour flight. Wow, like the the community yeah yourself the not only the paddling Community but you know the greater the Greater Community got behind me massively yeah and it was really good for me like I say mentally I wasn't dealing with it and less people sent messages about stories that they'd had and sort of made me feel like I wasn't the only person that had ever been through this before yeah which was massive and then the lead-up to Molokai I did an interview with with the Molokai to Oahu guys and I got really emotional but it was good for me like I felt good about it and I wasn't upset that I was crying like on camera it was something I had is like a therapy for me I have to get it out yeah so that was the day before the race the day or two days before the day before the heavy preparation for the race I was Like mentally odd. I got it all out. Almost Before the Race So the day of the race the people. Yeah, good luck. And if your dad or yeah. I know I gotta do it. You gotta do it for my dad and actually afterwards there after the race car. I finished just a bit before me he paddle up to me gave me a big hug and said your dad was proud of you already, but it'd be even more proud now, which is a really nice thing for God to say did you tear up? Oh, I was trying paddling inmate over the finish line and I saw my like my sister and my grandparents were there too. I'm always actually I'm always emotionally in the Molokai because it's a hard race and you always come in your pretty flogged either way. You're pretty flawed by the way, but to have that added motivation and having it public as well. Yeah, like that definitely wasn't something that I had always planned on doing you know raising money for for cancer but also raising money because your dad has cancer yeah something else having to do with that yeah but it was staked I did it and glad I could I think I'll end up raising 20 26 and a half Grand which is five times five hundred percent what you're yeah and it was every know they are originally wanted to raise 5200 because it was a hundred bucks per kilometer yes yeah that was my goal I was like well that's at least a little story behind it if someone gives me a hundred bucks make that just help me along for that one kilometer yes I want to paddle hard for them you know for people that were donating and and for my dad but also the community was getting behind I guess cancer research so that was so yeah when I start line there was all there's a lot of pressure there's a lot of people that that I need like I felt like I had to do with people that are donated people that send me messages my dad's from a family for myself and I got to start line there was just you know well that's all good and I people supporting me but this is now to me yeah I know it's cool that the support was there and you've labeled me favorites as even more pressure but you know what that doesn't matter people can write or say whatever they want at the end of the day the race is won and lost between Molokai and Oahu yeah and the only person doing that is the person on the board you support crew can help they can yell at you they can give you food they can give you whatever give you advice but in a database a gay left I could still go right if I It to you know debates is go this way. Yeah. Well then we got to trust you. Yeah, of course. I trust you but maybe get a bumper goes this way and I'll go that way, you know, so it's end of the day you've got to make those tiny little decisions along the way and do you let Booth you leave do you let Kenny be close to you? Do you follow the same line all these decisions and of the day it's up to other ones doing the board. Yeah, so it's yeah, it was I was definitely game face for that race. It was people asking every emotional and for sure I was at the end but the first four hours Oh, it's just like any rice any other rice, maybe more confidence behind because people had supported me in a bit more self belief. But yeah, I knew booty was going to be easy. It is a weapon and he trains hard and he doesn't do anything half-heartedly, you know respect to the guy and we're mates we chat but we're competitive we're Rivals as well. Yeah, you know, I was pretty happy that actually I gave it to the end of King of the car. So, you know, what babe I didn't lose to you this year Faddle. And I remember and he knew it. Yeah, I think you're the only guy in the world that went through the season undefeated against smoothie and I said to him that he's going to kick your ass if it's fine. Well, it's gonna be a great battle again at the end of July. It's going to be a fun race out here this weekend not quite as insane as Molokai, but it's like we're getting some win for the 12 2 hours. It'll be fun. So if you're listening to this now tuned in we're going to have a live stream on Sunday for the big Ocean Race still be good fun. And then before then hopefully we'll get out there for a foil. Oh, yeah, you're gonna have to give me a lesson. No clue what I'm doing. I had you under right mate. I can surf I don't know about now ending. Yeah, you got a board. So what actually I got the old 200 go for. Yeah, that's that's a lot of people they asked like what should I do the wing and they're asking just how use like the new jail. I'm like, well that's kind of a advanced foil and you going pretty quick. You gotta go fast to get it up. Don't the 200 that those sort of more original files for learning of perfect. Yeah, yeah it wants because they get in that lift. Yeah, nice to be good fun that it's getting pretty bloody hot in this room. So let's wrap it up there. Thank you very much. The pleasure mate, you've been doing amazing things on and off the water and we look forward to following you this season. Yeah, it's been fun. And yeah, thanks for saying thank you for sharing the story and you're the sort of heart and soul. I reckon in standup paddle racing the moment. A lot of people asked you were a bit lost because there was no post. Yeah. Yeah, it's good to see you back and into a mate. I think you're gonna make me tear up so it up there. Thanks for watching. Everyone will see again soon.