The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com Or click the link in the description below. So let's Dive Right into all this crap. We have number 14 Villanova at three and two against number nine pain pain is hosting this game matchups here to watch Villanova has struggled to win faceoffs and pain does not struggle to win face off. Kyle Gallagher has been excellent for pain. He's coming off a great game against a very good Gerard RC re currently overall Gallagher sitting at 59% at the dot in terms of drawers. As one I expect him to be 65% or up or above against Nova and that's going to be a huge factor and it could end up being the margin in this game. The reason that Villanova has been able to win games even tough games despite losing face off by a margin has been Patrick Kennedy. He's forced nine turnovers picked up 18 ground balls for Villanova. So against Maryland he had a goal for cause turnovers and for ground balls. So pennant Kennedy has been really tough for Nova Nova on offense Connor. Hearst 13 and 7 Keegan con 8 and 9 so they can score goals. They can they can run with anybody what it comes down to for them is winning faceoffs and playing solid D as a team poor will Vuitton in cage or will the tone and cage for Villanova 48 percent right now, but he has played a tough schedule. I expect him to finish a season in the area of 55 58, maybe even better 48% through their first five though facing Penn State Yale, Maryland Hofstra all teams that can Score and even Delaware can score goals so pain is no different. So Fatone expect for this to be another rough outing for him. Not in the sense that he won't do. Well he's going to make some really big saves in this game, but just it's a pain isn't a great offensive team for pain, LOL. He's been great 12 and 9 Dillinger gar 9 and 4 and they've got The Usual Suspects filling out below them and burkinshaw like the tone has struggled in cage burkinshaw sitting at 37% coming into this game. But once again, he's played Penn State. You can Maryland so far so all teams that could fill it up. But if he wants to hold on to his starting job, this is the game he needs to get himself to 50% or I would start to question whether or not he's the guy to fill the void in cage for pain this season. The line were setting this one pen by 3 and honestly, it's this is a tough one. I think that three is a pretty good margin Villanova could certainly cover the problems going to be at the faceoff dot if they get smoked on faceoffs. That's the margin and you could end up seeing Pain by four or Five I'm going to go out on a limb on this one and say that pain is going to handle their business. They're going to win faceoffs and they're going to score goals. So if I was taking this bet I would take pain at minus 3 for this one next game quick one Georgetown number 12 V know at Towson. It's going to be I don't think it's going to be a bloodbath but I think georgetown's going to certainly win by a margin Caraway 29 Points Watson and Clark for Georgetown both at 22. They're going to Feast against a struggling thousand be mostly like I said, Thousands defense is tough. But when teams can't play offense Allah Johns Hopkins did ends up making their defense struggle as well. Oh and math cook McIlroy in cage for Georgetown. He's been stopping the ball at a 62% clip granted. It's been against weak opponents, but thousand isn't strong. So we set the line at this one at g-town at five and a half and I think that's probably a good line. And if I had to pick I'm taking I'm probably taking g-town at minus 5 and 1/2 here on this one if I was placing that bet next game. Hofstra 3 and 2 at number 19 Ohio state they're also sitting at 3 & 2 both of these teams can score goals. Both of these teams have been inconsistent on defense at the dot Brian Herber for Hofstra has been winning them at a sixty one point nine percent clip. He's going to have to play really well against in Osseo who's coming off a 3437 outing against Cornell Herbert should do far better than that simply because he's better face off man than what Cornell. Throwing out there to not Co but he's going to have to do better than that because if he doesn't Hofstra is not the offensive team that Cornell is they'll have a hard time getting over the hump if they get murked that badly at the faceoff dot I think the in general assuming that Herbert handles his business and can even keep those faceoffs at 60/40 in favor of Ohio State. I think the difference here is going to be Leclair read and Myers. These guys can score goals Leclair is just an absolute Beast. I don't think Hofstra is going to have an answer for him. So they're going to come. Cause Hofstra fits that Trio is on defense curse on for Ohio State. He's been very good in cage 58 percent so far and he's been better than Bobby Casey for Hofstra at 48 percent. So that's another difference in this game. So we set the line Ohio State by 3. If I was taking this bet I would take Ohio State at -3 because I think that when you look at all of the important pieces and all the the matchups that Ohio star Hofstra would have to win to win this game. I think they're a little bit out. H2 just in terms of the matchups the faceoff Dot and in cage and then offensively Hofstra has weapons but Ohio state has more weapons. So I think that's the difference in this game. Next one will do this. One real quick Stony Brook five-in-one Bryant two and three it was interesting because Stony Brook's been playing really well, but Stony Brook's needed OT three times to beat st. John's Brown and Sacred Heart. The good news is they're beating their winning their games, you know, they're winning their non-conference games before they get into America East play. The bad news is they're barely beating some teams that you know, if you were a really good team you would hope you would beat by a little bit of a margin. They don't dominate any stat. I was trying to find some kind of glaring stat that sticks out that would tell us why are they five-in-one did not look like a five in one team in the stat sheet their cumulative stats across the first six games are all pretty even the ones that that's took stood out there putting twenty nine percent of their shots on cage and forcing their opponents into just 25% of their shots on cage that could be because they're playing good pesky do Friends or it could just be that they've been playing lesser opponents, but they are forcing turnovers as well. But then they're also turning the ball over as well. But either way they're playing tough, they're winning games and they're simply outscoring the other team which is what you're supposed to do. So I say Brian can score goals but their defense and goalkeeping has been a little shaky. So Stony Brook by three and a half if I was taking this bet I would take Bryant to cover. I think that Stony Brook has not put teams away yet and I think Brian is good enough that they're going to hang. So if it was me, Me I would Bryant covering in this one I think is just about the upset. I think Stony Brook could very easily beat them by five or six maybe more but I think that Brian's going to be pesky they're going to play tough in this game. They're at home. So I'd take Bryant to cover in this. Let's see here next one number 17 Denver sitting at 3 & 2 number 10 Notre Dame at two and one this is going to be the battle of the offenses the battle of the defense has what's really going to come down to here is who's going to score more goals. Both of these teams. I think are very evenly matched. I think the Once again Leonard at the faceoff dot is solid. I think that he's probably going to win and have the slight Edge there. I think defensively Notre Dame a little bit deeper defensively and then offensively probably Notre Dame has the edge here, but the kicker being Denver is a very well-coached team and you know, they're they're going to be hungry for a win in this one. I've got the line set here at Notre Dame by 2. And if I were taking this bad, I would take Notre Dame it at minus 2 because So I think they'll probably as after I set this one. I was like man. The reality here is Notre Dame will probably win this by 4 or 5. But it just you can never count Denver out, especially when they're really hungry and when they're in need of a win Denver does not want to drop to three and three here because the Big East isn't terrible, you know, their conference isn't terrible number-13 Duke for and to at number 11 Loyola foreign one. Now this one I am probably the Oddball here a lot of people like Loyola in this game part. Because defensively Loyola is experienced and Duke offensively is Young. So when you look at these matchups, it's like a veteran defense versus a young offense but Williams and Caputo and Duke in general has started to figure it out that number two midline. I think they need to become the number one mid line and heaven forbid. You know, if that number one mid line ever figures things out for Duke and they end up having to ridiculously solid mid lines all bets are off for the Blue Devils. I mean their end up, Back in the quarterfinals at second midline has played tough. They've been the Saving Grace for Duke here for sure this season. So if that number one mid line ever figures it out and I think this may be the game that they're going to Duke is going to start beating teams by a margin. I think that Loyola has look great post Spencer and Scanlon. I think that loyal Dukes issues definitely between the pipes Loyola they've had good defense and their goalkeeper has been better than expected. For he's been playing a little bit better than expected between the pipes is I think Schafer's a junior but he's been a solid keeper Lindley 17 goals and an assist Olmsted 10 and 11. So offensively Loyola Loyola has figured out who their guys are. We kind of already knew who their guys were but they're anchoring the offense and then on defense Loyola has been strong. I think overall Loyola has overachieved I predicted that they would be a really solid team, but I'm still still setting the line for this one at Duke by three and a half simply because I think Duke is figuring It out where once again in March they're going on the road playing at Loyola and I'm almost picking this as kind of a trap game for Loyola because loyola's coming in thinking we've got a shot. Maybe even a little bit favored Duke probably coming in a little bit angry dropping out of the top 10 or sitting at four and two they played some close games that they didn't want to play. They lost the Air Force. They didn't want to lose that so I'm thinking an angry Duke beats Loyola by three and a half goals is the line here if I was taking this bet. I take Loyola cover I'd take Loyola at plus three and a half all day long, but do not be the least bit surprised to see Duke come out and roll them by four five six goals next one. And this is a big one this weekend. I say it's a big one because I'm a huge fan but it is a big one for cues. And Hopkins is number one cues for no at Johns Hopkins sitting at one and three now Hopkins is going to have a hard time defending Syracuse 13 of 17 assisted goals in the UNC game in the UNC game. They scored 17 13 of them were Assisted in the Princeton game. He scored 18 goals 11 of them assisted. So Hopkins they're having a hard time covering people and they're having a hard time off ball that is a recipe for disaster on defense and then couple that with goaltenders that aren't playing. Well, the Hopkins defense has been rough. However, the Hopkins offense is one of the reasons that defense has struggled so badly, I feel like the defense is kind of over performed a little bit considering their predicament and that because the offense is also struggled terribly that's just compounded. Those defensive inch issues for Hopkins Cole Williams 6 and 5 40 Smith & Evans in bolted six and three Epstein and DeSimone at 3 and 3. Now Epstein he had two and two last week that's his highest scoring output so far. So I think this game is going to be closer than some people think it is simply because every week I'm assuming that is that's going to be the week the Epstein feels better and gets closer to a hundred percent and then puts up some serious ass points Syracuse though Scanlon 13 and for Trimboli 13 and to Curry 12 and 3 Rafe is too. 111 door Tuvok seven and four Porter and cage at 56% They may get melon back. I'm not sure. I haven't heard anything, but I did see a tweet or a Instagram post by melon kind of implying that he's at least feeling better than he is going to be playing the season obviously, so I'm wondering if this will be the game that melon comes back the the Syracuse defense they've given up points, but they've also for some turnovers Dipietro six cause turnovers Kennedy five cause turnovers in Porter's been strong in net the sea. Q's ride has been insanely formidable Griffin cook forcing seven turnovers. So far Rafe is for cause turnovers in the Ride game. So Syracuse is going to put all that to practice and good use in this game this weekend keys for Hopkins. How does that steam feel as I keep saying the healthier? He is the better hops Hopkins gets if this is the game that he's back. This is going to be a closer game than people think as with every Syracuse game so far this season. It has potential to be closed going into the fourth quarter. I think that fop At the faceoff dot. He's sitting at 69% Varela at 61 Prouty for Hopkins has been tough at 61. So I think that matchup is going to be key can proudiy keep himself at that 50. Can he make these faceoffs 50/50 that will bode well for Hopkins they want to try to keep possession away from Syracuse. So that's going to be huge. Watch to Face Off dot in this game is always one of the big differences the going to be the Syracuse Midfield specifically that first Midfield line and the second Midfield line needs to kind of take their heads out of their butts. They Played poorly the last two games so they need to do a little bit better. And then the cuse attack I think is going to be able to find defensive matchups. They're going to be able to find off-ball situations and they're going to be able to create points in transition off the Ride game. So I think uses going to score 18 goals. I think the q's defense is going to be able to keep Hopkins under 13. So I pick Q's by four and a half. I would almost take cues that - four and a half for this one. But as if Epstein's feeling better the once again, that's where it's all bets are off. We're at Homewood Hopkins. Needs a win badly. They are a wounded dog. So I like Hopkins to cover if Epstein's healthy, but if Epstein still not himself probably they don't end up being able to do that Rutgers two and three at number three Princeton for know I think this game is going to be closer than some people think it's a rivalry game. I think that Princeton at some point is going to have to you know, play down a little bit and so far they have been playing up Mike's hours is thirteen and twenty nine forty two points over four games over under four points for this game. One of our prop bets is ours. Eight and a half points. I'd take the over on that in this one Princeton solid goalie play out of Peters 53% They've defended the ball. Well so far this season Rutgers there in the middle of a three-game skid so that's rough for them Charlaine be teased and Mullins are as good as anyone but they've struggled defensively and they've had a hard time out scoring teams, even though they can score goals. I pick we picked skate us and I Princeton by for in this one and that's a tough one if I'm taking this bet. I'm going to take Princeton at minus 4. Or but but Rutgers could keep this interesting. It is a rivalry game and traditionally traditionally these teams play each other really tough. So you might want to take Rutgers to cover but I would personally take Princeton at - for simply because I think sours once again is going to go Bonkers and Rutgers just isn't going to have an answer for him. Just like nobody else has had an answer for him yet this season Albany to and to at number 7, Maryland for and one was now schist 28 points Bernhardt 23 points and Company they're going to Too good for Albany overall. Despite Albany seemingly starting to play a little bit better. They're getting better play in there in the cage or getting a little bit better played defensively and Nanticoke is gelling and playing like a monster five goals against UMass five and three against Harvard. I'm delighted to see him play and well like that letting the game come to him scoring in Opportunities getting rid of the ball when those doubles come he's been playing really well the last two games. He's been playing better this season. It's just starting to click in terms of point. Production for him now. He he had Fort he had ten and he's ten and three over the last two games in 14 and 7 total. So that gives you an idea of how well he's done. These last two games doesn't matter though, Maryland is way better than Albany is all you know cross every third of the field. It doesn't matter where you're looking at it. So I'm picking Maryland by five and a half in this one and honestly, honestly if I'm taking this bed, I'm taking Maryland it - five and a half. I think they're going to cover that number five Yale 2 & 1 at Michigan 3 & 2. Yeah. Is angry and you don't want to play an angry L TD is going to Merc Michigan at the faceoff dot the yell attack are going to have some matchup matchups brand I think is going to have a very big day against Michigan and I don't think Michigan is going to be able to defend the quickness of brandau and that's going to open things up for everybody. Yale's main thing. They need to find some consistently consistency and cage and they need to find some consistency with their mids overall. Their mids are playing better than even I expected them to but they'll need them to continue. To develop in this one. He held by five and a half. I take e l at minus 5 and a half on that one. If I'm taking this bet number two Penn State. This is possibly one of the biggest games of the weekend Paulette. Hey, let's go out on a limb. Let's call this the game of the week Penn State at Cornell not really at Cornell. They're playing it in North Carolina, but Cornell is listed as the as the home team not playing at North Carolina. They're playing in North or South Carolina or something like that at one of the one of the showcases. So this is going to be a battle and the difference here once again, Got to keep saying it but this is the truth. The difference is going to be at the faceoff dot Cornell coming off an absolute marking in their face off game. One of the reasons Cornell had a hard time last year in eiv. They couldn't win faceoffs. They did not win faceoffs last week and got absolutely destroyed by inacio and inácio top guy but he is not the top guy are cerie could potentially do exactly what inácio did to Cornell he's that good as well. So if they can't handle the faceoffs and if our Read mercs them in any manner in a similar way to what inacio did this game is going to go off the rails for Cornell, but but I think Cornell's going to figure it out. I think they're going to figure out ways with a week to prepare to disrupt the faceoff game a little bit. But that's going to be the key in this game. If they get murked at the faceoff dot then I would definitely take Penn State by a margin in this one, but you can never count TP Atelier Danville long Fletcher. You name it? These guys have gotten Cornell. Offense is very formidable. So if they can manage the faceoff at all and get possessions for some turnovers in the Penn State side a little bit get some saves out of Ireland they can make a game out of this but I think that Faceoff disparities going to be too much for Cornell to overcome in the end and but they'll go balls-out try and the kicker and this one and I don't actually as I'm saying this out loud, I really don't like this spread. I'd almost wagered to bet that it's going to be Beyond this but we took Penn State by two and a half if I'm taking this bet. I'm taken Penn State at minus 2 and 1/2 all day long. If the faceoff game goes poorly for Cornell Penn State is not Ohio State if they lose 30 37 faceoffs here. Hey, there's not going to be that many face loss because Cornell's going to have a hard time scoring if they can't get the ball, but if Penn State is able to keep the ball away from the Cornell offense and put it in their offensive side of the field Cornell is not equipped defensively to stop them and Cornell is not going to be equipped defensively or They're not going to be able to overcome that Faceoff loss is pretty much what I'm trying to ramble about here. So hopefully Cornell figures that out. Hopefully they figure out a way to disrupt our sorry because a mint O'Keefe and Company folds you name it. They're going to Feast if they get 30 per session possessions off the faceoff dot the way that Ohio state did and that is it. That's the show that was a lot of games that we talked about. I forget what our other prop bets off our are you can go to our Instagram Facebook or Twitter pages to see the full list of all the lines and the prop. Bets as always you can go to lacks factor.com watch these videos there by some swag. We have T-shirts hats all sorts of cool to cross gear that you can buy there and then you can visit our sponsor sideline swap best place to buy and sell lacrosse gear by Fargo to sideline swap.com or click the link in the description below as always continue to share this video share it like it do all of those good things. We will be back over the weekend will probably put a video or two out just talking about random stuff, but come back Monday and Tuesday for a recap shows. And we'll try to be long what we'll probably do is recap Saturday shows Monday and any Saturdays games Monday and Sunday's games on Tuesday is how it's been working out. So as always thank you for watching who is out?