Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with Yeah, so look out for that that'll be towards the end of March. I'm kind of excited for it. And I know you're really excited for it. I'm only kind of excited for it because I just don't know what to expect hear the excitement in my voice. Yeah, dude, you were emotionless, of course, there's excitement and I'm the only one who knows that yeah. No, so Royce John's fantastic. I wish I wasn't feeling as crappy as I feel right now though. I you look just as Dude, I have I woke up Saturday morning. No crap. I woke up Saturday morning with four freaking cold sores on my lower lip. I've literally never had a cold sore in my life. It is terrible my mouth like the bottom of my mouth is on fire because you have herpes. I'll thank you so much. Well, technically it is herpes. It's not that kind of herpes though. Yo form of Herpes. Yeah, I get that. Oh my God. Yeah, we'll try living with four of them on your face. It's almost like yeah almost impossible. Yeah, and you know what else we got this coming week. I know that this is coming out like after we have already shot this but we are doing our first video podcasts and they're going to have to see these nasty sores all over my face on this video. We're gonna need some hardcore. Dude, I want to puke every time I look in the mirror and you're already talking bad about it. And I already know how bad it is. I need some like hardcore Photoshop video editing. Yeah, probably not going to happen. No, no. No. Do you know somebody how much have we made like two bucks? Like honestly, I don't think four dollars. Okay, I don't think we can still afford anything for with four dollars. Oh shut up. Well, what I'm telling you is It ain't gonna happen and people are going to have to look at this nasty face with cold sores on it and I very self-conscious about it. That should make our viewership go up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm super excited though, and I hope you're ready for that podcast because I'm I'm just I'm a little nervous but I'm ready for it to happen. Yeah, it's gonna be fantastic. We're going to enjoy it and we're gonna have a good time. I know we talked about this on the The episode that we actually post on that day that we we are shooting this podcast, but I'm still really excited for it. And yeah, it's going to be great. But no Royce John's let's get to this guy because this was really fun. I actually really enjoyed this because I know that me and you aren't the most country intelligent people. Yeah out there. I mean, I don't hate country or dislike country. I do not care for modern country, especially The the it's more pop country just like pop rock pop anything pops ruined everything there is but I like the older Outlaw country but Royce and you know, the the songs that have been written that you know, he sings is far from you know, the modern stuff that you hear on the radio at the bottom stuff. Yeah, we talked about it. It's got good stories good even just good music in general. Yeah, I think I said I know that I'm not that big into country but I think what country does best is the emotion in the music that is being played or being sung. It's like you can feel that and I think it kind of sucks because I think country does the best ways of telling the stories correctly wear some hip-hop. You kind of get lost in and everything. That's put together or Rock you're getting lost in everything that's getting put together. Other and I think that country does a great job of getting the story out there. Yeah, cleanly like he was saying, you know, a lot of like rock is, you know, the lyrics are based around the guitar lick and you know, the other instrumentals and like drum solos and everything else. So I mean, yeah, and so it's just really great to talk to somebody who I mean it just funny how he the story he got into country is just talking to him. I think like I would say what six years ago if you Asked if you would have told them that he was going to be played country music. He probably would have laughed in your face probably know it was great. And we really enjoyed Royce on the show and guys go go follow him and we're going to wrap this up but guys, thank you so much for the support. We're still we still love you guys. No matter what and you guys are killing it on the streams and we're really enjoying you guys. Just listening to it. And it's been it's been awesome to see those numbers go up and just see how many people are actually engaging and listening to our podcast. Yeah continue liking it sharing it, please. Yeah. We appreciate it. Yeah, and then before we go here again guys, there's a link in Spotify and apple podcast that says support this podcast if you click click that URL, it'll take you to our anchor page. Where you can donate like $1 $10, I actually don't know what the minimum donated. So if it's one penny and you donate one penny great, you're probably getting charged 50 cents to donate one penny. So at least why don't you do 51 cents, then you don't feel like you're you know, you're getting charged 50 cents for one penny. You're getting charged 50 cents for 51 pennies. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know man. Math, shut up. I know what you're you are judging me and they can't see it. But you are judging me. Thank you so much guys. Yes, please. Listen to this a podcast just like all the other ones go listen to all the other artists. We are loving it and getting to know artists of all genres. It's fantastic. So this one with Royce was fantastic. We loved it. It was great and I hope you guys really enjoy it to any last words before I stop us. No, that was a very long pause I think about it why I didn't want to be even more judgmental. Okay. Yeah great guys. This is our interview with Rush John's. See ya. Welcome back to pass the single. This is Dustin and Seth. How's it going? Hey, not bad man. How are you? I'm doing all right, man. I'm just I'm a little excited for this episode because we have our first ever country. Singer sure here in the studio. And I know that me and you are both not big on the country. So for us I think this is going to be a really awesome conversation. We're going to get to know a little bit more about country and who this guy is we have Royce John's here. How you doing, man? Good good. So the interesting thing that I have that I want to start with because listening to your music is just so funny to me because seen you in person and then matching you with you like your singing voice. Is crazy and I know we were talking a little bit before we started this is like you've only been doing this for only a few years. Yeah just about for on my own. Yeah. So when did you like realize that you could sing? What what's the story behind that? I still can't no man. I I was I love the names. You know, this is 2014 and I got it all liquored up one night. Took my acoustic guitar out to the corner of Welch and Chamberlain by that clock tower, you know, but yeah, I just started playing some you know bullshit that I thought I knew at the time and some guy came up to me and he just I was just like playing and I've never sang outside. I've never sang ever. I knew like two songs. I sit in my apartment just like learn a couple things. Some guy comes up to me. He's like, hey, man, he's like I got this thing in my car, you know, and I'm like what it was. Sounds sketchy. It sounded so weird. He's just like he's like, yeah, and he comes back and starts playing along with what I was playing. Oh nice and you know, and before I knew it there's 15 kids, you know just circling around us and Hoot and Holler and whatnot. And after that I was like in the other people threw money at us. I'm like hmm. Yeah. All right. How do I scale this? I don't That's yeah, that's day one but and then I bought a PA system off Craigslist and a guy told me to go to a jam session on the east side Johnny Mac's on Sunday night. I knew like to songs free songs to the time. I just went there and played with a couple people and Iraq. This is how weird and ironic the world is the steel guitar player who hosted that house jams name is Dave ofsted and Dave used to be the house. He was like where the frontman house? Bandleader whatever you want to call him for the super Toad and Toad Hall are back in the home. And that's that's a that's a very old shouting. Yeah, I was not late 90s early 2000, but Dave is one of the I mean, he's one of the best musicians. I mean anywhere and he's and he's a world-class cat. And anyway, you know my day one. I ran in a day these plain steel and I brought my electric guitar and suck my buddy, but came with me but he has video of this and I'm singing and is the worst shit I've ever Ever heard and I can't even imagine what's going through Dave's mind. You know, he's 40-something years old and he's just like this is kind of like, you know him because he's teacher nowadays, but you know, it's this is just one day a week gig when he used to play five nights a week and he's just like Ben he's like a honky tonk hero, you know, and then I'm as just like the beginning of my journey, you know it where he's just kind of coast and hanging out and then, you know a couple years later we've reconnected. He's playing with the band of guys that you know, No, I get to work with the house. Just like how weird the world is. I always looked up to Dave. You know, you talked about how bad you you did not like your singing voice was it always as deep as it is in the songs or did you actually have to work at that? I don't know if it's that deep or not. It's B. It's the it's however people I guess take it. No, not really. I kind of came into that later just because I'm used to singing a like a rock Trio band kind of dealing with playing cover. It can all the songs and I was kind of Taken Under The Wing by the other guys in the band because they're all their older men and but I got stuck with singing because I was guitar player. That's what happens. Yeah. It's a chore know what to do. And anyway, they picked a bunch of songs or way out of my rain. So I was always just trying to go the hi hon, you know that I can start figuring out. Oh wait, I can sing longer if I sing lower and pick different songs during my range and that's kind of why I started doing my own thing. Okay, man, that's I mean, I just I just love the voice because for me I don't I'm not a huge country person but I think you're the voice that you have is is definitely States country. And I think that's that mean. That's great. I know we were talking a little bit about the the last CPU did in 2018 and we're talking about that. You don't write necessarily your own music. Can you kind of talk about like who you work with and the journey that you did with that last EP and for a story here. Let's do it. Oh, yeah. I'm going to tell you a tale. So I've you know, I don't go to the to this day. I don't consider myself a songwriter. I've written a couple songs. I've been in the room with other great songwriters writing songs, and I've got to kind of hang out a couple times but beyond that I'm not there's a lot of people that you know, say their song writers, but It's so it's like a craft man. It's like saying you're a it's like saying. Oh, yeah, I'm a carpenter. It's like well, but to what degree are you a car? You know I'm saying it's like yeah, I can Whittle on things and I might be able to build a shitty table, but I'm not a car, you know effects. I don't know but I ran into a guy I was playing the whole Avenue back when they stuff the pin-up girls in the background and a guy came to my show and He said hey, I have a friend of mine who writes songs and Nashville and like okay and when you play music and you're young a lot of people come up to you and say things like man, I know this person. I know that person sees kind of Nod your head like, okay, you know, that's just how it goes and and he's like no man. He's for real. He like writes down there and he's seen stuff and what and I'm like, oh, yeah. Sure. Sure. Sure. Well he gave me his phone number. I call him up and I just said hey man, this is what I'm doing right now. This is like bring a 16 three months into when I just started playing on my own, you know, so I voice is just so underdeveloped and and just I'm I'm just not at a point where I should have even reached out yet. But you know, I was ambitious about it. So I called the number and lo and behold it was Robert died each and Robert has since become a really good friend to me and mentor and you know, but anyway, I go to I go to his house and we start talking about music and whatever and you know, he's asking about kind of kind of like Prod me that you know, the questions of what a songwriter would ask someone who thinks they could be a songwriter, you know, and I I just didn't really I guess hit all the right buttons at the right time because I was just I was so new man and and he was he was working a job at the time, you know, like a corporate job because he used to he used to drive the Nashville every month. He was like one of the only guys had a like kind of a part-time songwriting publishing deal like on actual publishing deal music grow and Anyway, he stopped doing that for a while and went to work and it just wasn't the right time. There's a lot of factors involved. He just wasn't really interested in you know working with me at the time and dude at the time, you know, like being 1920 or kind of heartbroken like man, you know, someone who is someone who's worth a shit doesn't doesn't get it what you're thinking you're worth, you know, right? Yeah, but at the time I didn't really understand it and looking back today. There's so many people that I meet it's so Often you know that you just got to be very careful with every encounter that you have, you know, no matter how it what your day is going like and not sound like a stupid bullshit cliche way, but like, you know, you could have like a Mist encounter just because of the day you're having you know with someone that could you know, potentially become more than just an account or you know, or a friend or whatever, right? And I guess that that was a deal with Robert, you know, like we hung out a couple times try and you try to co-write some songs. I had just I've never even written a song you got a guy who's written a thousand songs or whatever. He's got to work with some of the best down there number one writers and stuff and I just I wasn't ready for that yet and we reconnected summer of 1882. He called me up one day the hey man, or I can't I can't remember if I called him or he called me or whatever and I just said yeah, you know, I'm things are going really good. I was doing about a hundred ninety shows and 17 and then 18 was about the 160-170 range, you know. And I was just telling about what I'm doing and he actually came out to one of the shows and he saw and like the difference between two years of doing, you know, 250 200 shows a year for two years in a row is just such a different your voice you develop so much especially when you're first starting on yeah, and I look back stuff. I did two years ago and it bothers me and I look back last week and I'm like what the fuck but anyway, Robert came to a show and he was just I guess he told old me that he was impressed. He's like, you know, I think you might be ready now and and and he had a bunch of songs. He written when he when he had a publishing deal in Nashville with a different publisher whatever that never got recorded and at that's it's very political down there. It's very like, you know timing is a huge thing. Like when he wrote a lot of his songs was 2012-13. He's shown me and that's when all the Bro country became popular and all the song You Know stories kind of went out at the window your party theme. You know, right right and that's where truckstop landed he wrote that he wrote that with marker when marker when wrote Highway Don't Care for Tim McGraw Taylor Swift, you know, Keith Whitley, it ain't nothing. I think it was him or another person. But anyway, he wrote it with a number one Rider, you know, and this is all got just shelved. They got pitched people and no one wanted it and it's like this one of the best written songs. Yeah. I like love that song. Actually. You should get Roberts like War tape. It's it's better than my vocal on the recording. I still think this but anyway, it's you know, we sat down we had like six songs picked out, you know that he's like wolves go Nashville make some demos and see how it goes. Yeah minute and the seventh song was truck stop. We were I was joking about to leave his house. It was raining that day. I remember and I was like you have any other great songs that have been recorded. He's like, well, I got this one. I don't think you're gonna like it and that was the song. It was just by chance that I asked him. It was just Thing was weird. It was the one that's you know, it's got half million streams and Views cumulative looks like 600 something thousand. Wow, every week it gets like every month. It's like seven thousand dreams on Spotify and a thousand on Apple. It just keeps I don't know why it just keeps in the algorithm of whatever. Yeah, but got yeah. I mean on the internet, you know, well, I didn't get a million but you know, it boosted a lot of eyes to the brand, you know, yeah. Absolutely. I mean with the the truck stops souvenirs. I mean I even though you didn't write I think you told it really well. I understand they want I heard that song like this is I love that. It's my dad traveled. You know me. Oh, so you hit you pretty good. Yeah just coffee table my holy shit, man. That's like my life story about his dad. Also traveled. Yeah. Anyways, it's all these little and I had I had an Elvis clock and I you know, it just like some of the things he said, I'm like wow. Yeah, just terms and phrases in that song. You just don't hear Story it all ties together. I don't know man. It was just as I to this day, it's one of my favorite songs. Yeah, I think you told the story beautifully, even though you're not even the one who wrote it and it nope. Yeah, but there's a great it's a great song. I really enjoyed it definitely and the fact that you know, you did have a little bit of a personal, you know, you know touch to it. No, but yeah, I like that one too. I've listened that one like multiple times between that one and I think another one of my favorites off that Album is back to you that that was one and then Roberts version surely. Yeah, it's better and I think the other one I like that was really cool was a bad day for the blues. Yeah, that's one of my favorites too. That was really cool. I was listening to that earlier and that was different than all the other ones. I heard like I like the blue z type a type of Silence. Yeah, that was co-written with Mark Irwin or bad or I'm sorry, I think truckstop was Toni Hazelton. I can't I can't remember but those the both those guys have written number ones for like George Strait. Wow, Whitley Tim McGraw Taylor Swift and it's just yeah. So the caliber of songwriter was there write songs were very well-crafted. It's like absolutely. Yeah because I think a popular, you know, misconception with some country and I know a lot of you know, some of the pop stuff a lot of it does sound alike. Everybody's like, oh that country all sounds the same but all the songs on my album like they just stood out from the rest of you know, any other Tree that you hear and you know, like Dustin was saying they tell a very good story and you you can like it's Vivid like the details and stuff in the song and yeah. Yeah, I like we were saying we I'm not a I'm not a country person now, but I grew up listening to country. My dad's huge into the country music and and all that kind of stuff. So like the like the late 90s and the early 2000s. It was the country that I knew the most of and that I actually didn't. Sighs. Well, that's what got I mean Montgomery Gentry and Toby Keith ra4. Yeah, like when I was like a teenager that got me into like, you know, actually, you know, I listen to older Country before that but like right, you know, I remember like I remember all those Toby Keith a string of hits coming out that 2004 to you know, 20 even 2015. There was just just killing it, you know, all those kind of rock style, but that hooks me because I was in a rock classic rock before for then, you know, yeah really in the mainstream come. Yeah, and I think I think that EP is just I was okay with it because it was that style. It was it was in that era and I'm like man this takes me back to when I actually didn't hate country. Yeah. So yeah, I think I think any right so bad, but I think that's that's what makes it so good to me it going. Well. I'm not a really big country person and and To just go from oh, here's stuff that was in 2018, but it makes me think of 2005 like Kenny Chesney. I mean even even going to like like older Garth Brooks. There's a style there that I'm like, oh, I'm okay with this because I actually grew up with this kind of music. So I think it I mean everything just worked really really well with that that that AP now you said you used to be in a rock band. How long ago was that then? Oh that was 2015. I just did. You know I played in a trio for about you know a year or whatever eight months women. We just did a bunch of you know stuff. I play guitar and sing and a bass player and drummer then and how long have you been playing the guitar? I've been playing guitar since I was like 12 seriously at 14 a sit in my bedroom. It is play All Play Van Halen should all the time nice. Years out. All right Marshall stack in my bedroom about the size of this room. Yeah. Well I kind of for it was like I was for speaker 10 for 10 minutes. Yep, 4 by 4 by 10, whatever. It's like right there. I would turn that fucker up. It's like blasted. Yeah, it sound horrible that makes me think of like the beginning back to the future of the Marty McFly. That's what that's what yeah. Yeah. The dough which music stuff. Yeah, right, man. So what what really got you into country was it was was it like just playing with these people like at these jam sessions or did you kind of just said man? I really do enjoy country. Maybe I should go that route. I enjoy the storytelling. Mmm. I enjoy it just fits my voice a lot better. I think and I love this. I mean the more I got into it the deeper you get it's just like Like a rabbit hole, you know, you start acquiring more specific tastes like, you know the and then what I found out the faction that I liked the most was the storytelling, you know, like Riding With Private Malone, you know, like stuff like that. It's just like I don't know man. I love it. It's just like a well-written movie and like I love like Indie movies and it just kind of weird. I don't know things are just they're very well thought out that like just everything means it's not like a Rock like classic rock lyrics, you know, it's based around the guitar lick and that's really cool. But you get in a country music like you get into even the more mainstream older 6070 stuff and there's so much so much great content and no one's ever going to need really care to like look it again. It's our age, you know, it's just like it's so well crafted. I don't know and get you know getting to getting to be a friend of Robert. And start to work with him was kind of the turning point for me is like, oh man. Okay. This is why the song is King, you know and this is why lyric is King and there's just so much to it's just and I'm of no caliber to say I'm a songwriter after what I've seen down. There it is like, you know, it's stupid. I mean these guys sit in a room dude and they just close the door, you know be two three four people. And they just come up with stuff that it just would blow your mind. And it's like that song could be the next whatever, you know, and I could be but besides that it's just the fact they come up with something that wasn't there before it's that's the magic of it and it's like it's like a gift every time something like that happens, you know, and it doesn't happen all the time. Like there's co-writes that I got to sit and be a part of that, you know, it didn't come up with anything, you know couple times but But you know, I got to really see the process with Robert and his old boss and Mentor Rodger and dude. It was like Get it. Just I mean you get to sit in a room with a do to wrote Don't Rock the Jukebox just like listen to him and Robert work, you know and I would just kind of maybe say something here and there. All right, we'll use that but no, I there's so many people that would be they would they would go to that deal and be like, yeah man. I'm a songwriter now, it's like to know I mean, there's people that drop everything in their lives to go live in a one-bedroom apartment each it. 5 10 15 20 years seriously and and and just for the just for the sole fact, maybe maybe creating something great. Yep. Yeah, and I don't mean I got a family it's like I can't do that. Now, you know, I don't I but I never I'm too I don't know. I'm too much of an entrepreneur to hang back. You know, like these there's a lot of these Artistry cats that can just there's nothing else that matters and to me that I like kind of like control my situation, right? Anyway. Yeah, I was gonna ask you about if you've ever thought about like relocating the Nashville, yeah or anything cuz ya Dustin I have like no said before like iOS such like an underrated area for anything much less music. So right even though there's a lot of country fans here. Like there's only a limited amount of there's nobody from here that's ever really done anything. Yeah, like like man, you know and Country and Country. Well, that's actually Put it in anything and move the needle. There's really there's nobody from Iowa that's really done that you know, like on us, you know top 40, right? Yeah, I mean and that's almost in any genre style of music that you even think of like whether it's country whether it's got slip knot though. Yeah. I mean that's that's that's like the only one though. You're right. Right, right. But like, I mean you look at like classic. Rocks and and I mean even even like in the hip-hop area. We have a lot of hip hop artist here in Des Moines that are actually really good but like it because you're in Des Moines and right box. Yeah. It sucks so much that like Des Moines the words Des Moines is what hinders the fact that we have great artists and nobody cares. Yes. I just man I have driven myself crazy. I mean nuts thinking like what like Always might like my biggest question and my is like am I doing the right thing at the right time? Yeah, and I always think like man, I'm always second-guessing myself. I'm always looking at my situation be like man. What if I did this or if it did that and then I just realized it's like I wake up. I don't answer to anybody anymore. I don't have to do anything. I mean if I don't want if I just want to shut the phone off for two weeks I could and I think that to me is more important than being somebody somebody because is really all that notoriety and fame is bullshit. The people you know that I've I mean the handful of people that I've met and heard it's just like it doesn't there's no happiness in it and the little and just like the little amount just like the fucking three grains of rice of amount of attention that my brand my brand is got in the last couple of years. It's our it's already weird for me that people know who I am. I've never met them. Yeah. Sorry. I have a hard time handling that. Yeah. It's like just there's like a We only talked about maybe a couple hundred people, you know, maybe a thousand on a great day. That might know I don't know who knows. I don't even know. I don't care to know it's just like I don't know man. I've considered like just shutting it all off and being done with it it many a time and I've you know, yeah social media can really affect you and and and the worst ways to and there's people that absolutely hate me I've never met that's a trip like the indigenous tribes fuck. And thousand years ago, like you're only supposed to know like 40 people in your circle. Right? Like like naturally like like 40 people it like in your intimate Circle, maybe whatever the close to this this whole idea of having I mean thousands of people trying to interact and be part of your life is just not natural. Yeah. So besides like, you know having family here and be in from here, you know this being your home is that another thing that's kept you from like going to say Nashville or Texas or somewhere where you could become even bigger because then it would I put you a little even more out of your comfort zone, right? I don't I don't know if I don't even know if I would have a shot down there to be honest because like you gotta play by there you got to be an employee and I'm not good at that. I'm not I anytime someone who makes a stupid decision in my, you know, in my favor or whatever I would be able to handle that because I'm like, no this is not you know, and maybe I'd maybe I think I know better. I don't I don't know man. This has this this comes back to the second guessing yourself. It's like it's just me. I do the same thing and I think I think to myself is it going to bring me any more happiness? If I just uproot my whole life, I'm gonna bring my wife to you know, the thousand fifty miles away to live in a city and I don't know if you've been to Nashville must have it dude. It is like it is a rat race. It's the biggest problem has infrastructure. There's so many people moving their right and it's like like you go play on Broadway or Tutsis or whatever you could be you could you could be a Chris Stapleton and I'm ever seen that Walmart South There's so much we don't have time you ever seen that Walmart guitar guy on Facebook is saying Stevie Ray Vaughan on a car like a thirty dollar guitar make sure seems pride and joy. Hmm. So I auditioned it Tootsie's one time on a Sunday or Saturday to play it to play Sunday morning. And so like you put your name on a list and you go play, you know in front of the people that own it and they're like if they like it they give you a phone number you call and get a gig. Well, you know, everybody signs up. It's like karaoke for the tourist kind of thing and Yeah, and I'm like sweet. I got this in the bag. There's there's like five people that come before me just like, you know die on the microphone and stuff and then the guy right before me I kid you not was that clay guy who was just like one of the best guitarist I've ever seen and killer singer. He just gets up murders herders and I'm just like all this got to be some joke. Come on. I'm just like my nerves are out and I'm because you know, I was just there for fun anyway as Of a tourist thing and and anyway, I played and I won't pretty good. I guess he gave me the number. I played the next day, but you played a nobody they kick you around. You only know if you get a gig a day in advance and just factors like that make me ever want to move there. Yeah, it's your so disposable to them. You can't it's like it's like building a sand castle in the middle of the ocean, right? You know you get a day and it's just you could you could be there for 10 years house gig at Tutsis and you say the wrong thing to the wrong person or someone's having a bad day. You're fired. Yeah. Yeah, I don't matter and you don't make any money doing it. You might you might pay your bills. You might need a little money, but you not even money. It's just there's no freedom and you can't build anything in your life and I'm all about if the music thing doesn't work out tomorrow. I don't give a shit. Dude. I'll go I'll go do anything else. I'll go work. I just like working and learning and Building Things, you know, I don't know. I mean, I love playing music. Don't get me wrong. Right right the second it's it's it gets weird. I'm out. Yeah, it's getting weird. Thank you to anchor for sponsoring this episode dude. Wait, we're being sponsored by someone's anchor off their boat. No. No, I'm talking about the platform that we use to edit and record our podcast. Actually we do I let you deal with all that though. Yep. I know here's some great facts about anchor it is free and super easy to use you can do it from your phone or your computer and the Greatest two facts about it for me is that you can it distributes the podcast to all those major platforms. So I don't have to do that part as well as they help us get paid. We're getting paid. Yeah, we're getting paid right now, dude. That's so cool ice anchors. They just help us find sponsorships that will get us paid and the cool thing is they'll minimum listenership and guys if you want to check it out, please go to Anchored. FM that's a n CH o r dot f m-- do you got that? Yeah and see hor FM. Yeah anchor dot f m-- guys go check them out now back to the interview. So what's going on in the future for for you? What do you got coming up? So just I think like every Friday Saturday past May is pretty booked up taking Friday's off in March. I actually shoot Videos just kind of a hobby, you know doing this some different projects and stuff. So I'll be doing that just to kind of get away from it for a minute, you know kind of clear my head and clear my thoughts and maybe add some new songs and stuff. But yeah, I mean just just still just grinding away. You know, we're doing a tour opening for Sonny sweetie this Friday. She's on the True Grit roster with like Cody drink somewhere nice. So so yeah, we're doing that and I dare the next Friday I'll be doing. Solo I'll be opening for Sammy Kershaw at the Meskwaki him and are in Tipton and Colin. I'm slipping my mind now, but they're doing like a roots and boot store nice. So I'll be doing a just a little thing for them. So, yeah, and we were talking about that Sammy one. And you said you kind of had a little bit of a story that went ahead. Oh, yeah, man, so I'm working on a new record of songs and and the down to Muscle Shoals the guy that owns a studio. I wrote a song with Ed Hill. It's Billy lost in it Hillen Billy wrote you turn me on for Tim McGraw. You know you flip the switch. I'm doomed. I know that one Hill wrote Be My Baby Tonight John Michael Montgomery. So they cut they wrote some 90s hits there and any who's all they wrote a new song called my friend Fred and it is one of the best written songs. Most powerful songs I've ever heard and Billy was shown shown it to me and he's just like, you know, they need to get a music video for this I said, I agree so I hooked him up. With the guys Red Rooster creative good friends of mine that owned the company out of West Des Moines and they did some stuff for me and have done and will do probably in the future but and I basically I sent them I sent a Sammy. Well, I gave it to Billy and Billy sent it to Sammy and said hey, what do you think and Sammy called him? That's for that had called him. We're setting a studio called a Savory Kershaw on he's like, he's like semi semi some more stuff the extra shot that we actually brought them with me when I went to Muscle Shoals and they shot a video for another friend of mine. It wasn't even done yet and they sent it to him and he's like, all right, you guys got the job it will two months of back and forth, but eventually they got the job and they're going to shoot it in Iowa here in Tama. Oh nice, so that'll be pretty that'll be pretty awesome. Yeah. I mean, I don't know there's a lot of Sammy Kershaw fans. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think Iowa is very very country forward and and it's just awesome to see how Many shows like you were talking about like how many shows that you really do? And I didn't realize how many did and then I saw like beer can tally. I was like, oh I'm gonna go to that but it actually was a beer can alley in a different state. Yeah, if you only perform an irf you've traveled around the Midwest I can go everywhere man. Mostly Iowa though. I mean I've done stuff, Missouri Nebraska here and there Las Vegas at a corporate show a couple years ago. Nice Phoenix. I'm doing a I'm doing a private deal out there and met and then I'm doing a see two years ago. I did something Indiana Indianapolis for a corporation. It's just well, the things out of state like that are usually private events. Yeah, some connection. Someone needs something. You know, I got you. Do you like traveling then when you go and do those I used to more than I do now. It's just it kind of airports get old. Oh, yeah. Yep, you know when you're Any 21 it's it's kind of cool and fun. And then you like man, I got to get on an airplane going to be in transit for 12 hours a day, right? I am an I am a monkey in a cage on a box, you know where I'm going. Oh, yeah. I mean, I know the feeling those opportunities are really cool and it's not you don't get to do that stuff every day. So yeah, if I had to do it as much as you know, I've seen other people do it when they're actually touring for promoting original stuff. I mean the deal would have to be right, you know. Yeah, but I've seen people travel a lot for nothing. Oh definitely. Yeah. Yeah, it does happen. But I mean if you're doing it because you love it, you know, that's a different that's a different, you know way of seeing it too because you know, a lot of people are like I'm just doing this kid paycheck and you're like, yeah, I mean I'm doing this because I like it and if it Fizzles out it Fizzles out, you know, it's not like, oh I have to grind as much as I can. I have to be in Nashville and you're like man, I gotta I gotta I gotta grind but like I also want to be here with my family. And and hang out and if I get other opportunities, you know, I'm probably going to take them. I mean I would be if I've talked to many people in Nashville who have made very very very successful careers for themselves over the years when I tell them about my deal were I just answer the phone. I you know name my price for what I want to do most of the time and I got turned down more stuff than I take. They think they are like, that's crazy. That is that does not happen. That will never happen. Yeah, it's just like do it keep doing what you're doing. I'm like, I think I think I will. Yeah, I mean if if anybody ever says they got the music industry to make money in the beginning as a musician they didn't because I mean I didn't I didn't sit in my room and play guitar for six hours a day when I was a teenager every day because I thought I was going to make 50 bucks doing it. Right my bass player told me one day. He's at the time. He was 67. He goes. He's like you only see the first lesson. You'll get he's kind of like one of my early mentors, you know, it goes, you know, see see the biggest lesson you'll ever getting in the music industry. And I said, what's that? He's it goes stands up. He's like, it's like empty her Pockets. I put my stuff on his kitchen table. I had like some fives in there. I took it he's like less than one. That's like that's where it all goes. Yeah. I know that. So what do you have a favorite place that you like to go and play here in Iowa? No. Not anymore. I mean there's it all depends how you're feeling that day and how the people are and I mean there's just so many, you know, like I love playing the farmers market because I get to play in front of you know, there's 20,000 people that pass through and it's just it's really cool because refreshing, you know, you don't you see all new faces and New Opportunities come from that so it's awesome. Actually. Yeah. I really like that farmers market man. I'm not a huge Farmers Market kind of person but my wife loves it, yeah. I love it, man - I mean, yeah, I mean you see I mean you see e don't always see the same people there. I think it's a great Dynamic and the diversity there's is is great. Well, I think that kind of fits for you too because you know, it's probably more comfortable wherever but like all those people aren't just staring straight at you. There's like kind of walking by and you know, they still hear you but you know what, you know, we're talking about earlier with you know, you know, you people knowing who you are. And everything like at a farmers market, you don't really have to worry about that as much. Yeah. Yeah. So the song that we are going to play here at the end of that that is a picture at the Redwood Lounge. Do you kind of want to talk a little bit about that song Heaven? It's a fixture of the Greenwood Lounge is a Greenwood Lounge is the oldest bar in Des Moines. It's on Ingersoll 1933 to today. It's actually song easy. Yeah. It's actually song my mom came to me one day and we were hanging out me my wife. My family is we were at my parents house and she's like I had an idea for a song. She like woke up at four in the morning and wrote it down had about 80 percent that tune. You'll hear they're written on a piece of paper and all laid out and I you know, I edit and add add a couple things but it was pretty much all there and I'm like, wow, this is one of the best songs. Like I've I don't know I just I just read the wait. Did you say your mom wrote this? Yeah, she's never she's like never written a song. Wow. That is insane. Yeah, she's came up with it. I was like jeez. Wow that was listening. So intensely that I just like it's for some reason it just caught up to my brain that your mom wrote this that is awesome. Yeah, and yeah, I hope we do it justice, but we took it down to Muscle Shoals and recorded it at Wishbone Studios. We have Billy Lawson the the Builder plan playing all the stuff on there. And then we had what's his name Clayton IV plank Keyboard and he played on every Toby Keith's number one. He's the keys play on every like every Toby Keith's number one. You've heard is or 35 of them. I guess, huh? Lisa ones. You probably heard, you know, yeah, but right he played on Brandy for Looking Glass, you know. Wow, I love that song. He loves that song Clayton. He's one of The Wrecking Crew, you know, yeah, as you could call the fame gang or whatever, you know extension of down there that is replayed. I mean these guys play the Ray Charles. I mean, you know, it's like He's seen it all through there man. So and he was probably one of the best if not one of the best or the best musician, I think I've ever seen work, you know, the guy just gets on the keyboard the Looms like wow and he's funny. It's funny dude. That's crazy that man and I mean to get some of those people the work with us, that's incredible. They just they just they just know the guy that owns a studio and he lives up the road and he's and Guy Studios like hey, and he's like semi-retired, you know, kind of just hanging out his I don't know they don't want to do and we Show him the song and he's like, oh, I got some here and get place it be three amazing like one of the best be three players and I mean this guy was around with the Allman Brothers were recording their man. I mean, it's like the guys for just stories and Iowa, let's go school to listen to him. So how long did it take your mom to write this song? I'm guessing she an hour recent the lounge an hour. No, she's been there. I think my me and the guys played their play there every Monday here and there, you know and my parents. Mount one time I think that's one of the old time she came out really yeah it's just a weird coincidence yeah that's just incredible to come up with something like that and and I mean but that's how the best songs and my that that or they've been toiled on for like beers but your mom's never had any writing experience before that's the only credible door like that she seeing or placing a little bit yeah I mean she's shouldn't play anything but she sings a little bit Yeah man that's that's I mean that's just a that's it incredible story yeah I really like that it's my favorite song on the you know of the eight we recorded and it was like this this is I just love the idea that in the title of it's just it paints a picture and I don't know it's my I would say it's my favorite on the new record nice now it do you have a timeframe of when that new record is going to be coming out well the tracks are like we could release them the way they are now they're done then I get this bad habit of getting really excited Something and I'm like, I had put out there gotta put it out there. So this time you know, I put something out every year 2017 2018. So I'm I'm just going to hold onto this one for a minute and there's some things I want to add, you know might add another track or two. I'm just not I just know it could be better probably and it's just like there's I'm in no hurry. There's no demand or rush or any difference. Right? Right. Yep. I mean that's that's something that we like to talk about is like It's I mean you want to you want it to be ready. You don't want everybody else to feel like it's ready. That's it. And it's that once it's printed. It's out there. It's forever right? Like do you know unless you just keep listening listen to it the first time you listen to it, you know month later listen to it sporadically and you just keep man. You hear something you didn't hear before right? Yeah now that's incredible man. That was awesome story. So we're coming up on the time. Do you want to plug anything that you have going on? The show's I know you were talking about the shows are ready. The this one comes out with a that's the fourth. Is that correct? I believe this will be out on the for so then that that Friday is the show with Ze Kershaw this Friday were opening for Sonny Sweeney. And then at the 8th Air at the Shaffer Barn in a tear and next Friday will I will be opening for Sammy Kershaw Aaron Tipton and Collin Raye, it's last name is slipping my mind. I'll be open for those cats and Meskwaki just it's sold out but I'll just be playing 20 minutes. So that's sold out. Oh, oh, wow. That's gonna be really good. I got the tag on the end of that deal. So there you go. And any where can they find you and your social media? Social medias? Just just look up Royce John's are lyse e Jo hn s. Yes rice, man. Thank you so much. In on the show, this was incredible. It was great to hear some knowledge about some like country stuff and just how you got to it man. Yeah. I think we're going to go ahead and just take off. But before we do, we just want to say thanks guys for tuning in. I hope you enjoyed this episode. I actually really enjoyed this episode and please go follow us on our social medias and that's all at past the single as well as if you are an artist or know of an artist, please email us. Us at pass a single at gmail.com so we can get in contact with them and get them on the show. Other than that guys. We're going to leave you with a fixture at the Greenwood lounge and thanks for tuning in guys will talk to you soon. People pass through they often don't see stories are Hold laughter is free. We all get younger. He's growing old. He sits at the bar and people are told dancing dogs on the wall and the music they play liquor bottles getting better with age. He's your best Barstool neighbor. He'll probably stay away later. He's a fixture at the Greenwood fine, but for him and stand stem-like. ice in a glass he's cold from memories of her the days just go by like the clock on the wall that no longer tells time and some dogs on the wall and the music they play Old liquor bottles getting better with he's your best Barstool neighbor he'll probably stay later he's a fixture at the Greenwood Lake Dancing dogs on the wall and the music they play Old liquor bottles get better with a he's your best Barstool neighbor. He'll probably stay up later. He's a fixture at the Greenwood Lake people pass through they are Don't see stories are told laughter's.