Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll believe that you can get out, right? Station of this town a little bit of rock a little bit of rule. Yeah, but it was built on top of it. Maybe 40 60. Yeah 40/60 split 40 Rock 460 roll. Oh, yeah, would you guys do this weekend? You know, it's a good podcast when the only question that is always initially asked is all right. What did you do? I think that's a good place to start. Yeah. It shows we don't have anything prepared. It's really organic flow. I went to a music convention an opera. And I want him to date Jared went on a date with my family. I did. Yes. I became an honorary member of the pin her family for all hashtag me at the painters Saturday evening similar to Meet the Fockers. Um branched a couple times. We do have a good brunch. Let me tell you Jared and Gabe if you're here, I'm here. Okay, either pretty I had maybe the widest day. That may be a white person has ever had you did didn't you I've heard about it. Tell tell our listeners would well fun day was that. All right. So I'd like to we started off with brunch. I woke up. I went to bed last night the night before that at like 4 a.m. So it was a tough night, but I woke up at noon and I immediately texted the boys. I was like, hey who's going to get brunch with me? And after nobody responded for a while. Finally, they all had all eaten by this. Wild y'all come get brunch with you so and got brunch at Ben? Empties Biscuit Co a bit mystical the bisque. Oh, yeah. Disco girl was our server did a great job and then after that after brunch after my chicken and waffles brunch, I wouldn't play disc golf with my friend Noah and then I went longboarding with my friend Noah and then to finish out the night. I went to the widest bar that I know for Jen's birthday Norton's Brewing Company and it might have been the sequential list. Nope. Not a word the most sequentially white day that anyone has ever experienced in their lives. Are you proud of That day did you enjoy it? I'm not gonna lie to you Gabe. I had a great day and I'll do it again and I probably will do it again. That's good. All four things the of those things I thoroughly enjoy and I know most of your hobbies are very the pretty white fairly stereotypically white hot not not apologizing for that per se nor / slaps. Should I but I had a I'm going to continue to eat brunch at bisco. I love bisco. I love disc golf. I love board. My Bros and I love a good I love a good bar after a long day. That's such a such a white person thing is to go to like a like a brewery a brewery. Yeah breweries are so white. That's so much like 30 year old Kansas City like Tech developer thing to do like after like a Sunday Sunday afternoon early evening will go to a brewery will have food and we'll get like two that's a Friday. We had three. I had three tequila shots at Norton's Brewing Company. Yeah, you're at an ascending that's on a Sunday. What am I doing? And then how Craft brewery going to drinking tequila and a craft beer while eating their club sandwich at a club sandwich Jared? No tomatoes grilled cheese me. Let me tell you that thing was fire. I hate it, but I was fantastic. I hate it. But I love it. You know, I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna keep doing it. You know their fries are good. We sleep on Norton's prize purse laughs the best fries and the in the metro area. I think of a better fry name a better fry. Freddie's face. I don't like that cheese fries. I'm gonna go ahead and don't like throw it out there. There there wobble fries their sauces. Yeah, they're not taking their sauces sauces are unmatched. There's the stuff they put on the fries good the fries themselves are droopy as yeah, they're not. I don't think Dempsey's fries or anything special. Thank you. Anyone listening is going to disagree but I don't have any Monarch for you, but I want to start great fries. I don't know Norton's were crispier though and had better flavor. I might get a long board just because as it doesn't believe I can long. Look at no. No, we're talking to Jared like guy he did about this. I was like Jared can you long before he was like, yeah, I was like, oh, do you own one? No, have you like that? Recently? Nope, that's like what he's being very confident just thinks he can do it himself. It's not just like a universal trait that no one who you can't just like stuff on a longboard when I was 12 we go know about that same thing, probably right? So if you really believe in yourself a longboard is totally different than skateboard long boards are meant for like long distance traveling and like Smooth Sailing skateboards are meant for tricks and okay. Well, how much does one cost? What can I get a good long while I was $200 but here's the funny story. I won't no no, you get them cheap. You can have like 20 bucks. Okay, Cameron WEP bought his longboard and it's a Sector 9 board for $200 and he broke his leg the first time he stepped foot on it. They sold it to me for 20 bucks because he vowed never to write it again. Like I want to lose money on this. Yeah. I want too much I hated. Okay. Well, I'll keep my eyes open. Certainly my ears nose. Well, I put my ear to the ground keep my nose open your nose open. Yeah, what are the senses that you can use peel? Keep your mouth open walk around alcohol wrong board post or maybe just put up a few posters around town what they wanted a long cord like have little tabs. You can Syria call this number. Call me if you have a long peers my budget. All right, welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have local bartender extraordinaire Courtney Nance in studio Courtney. How are you doing? I'm alive. I'm here. Yeah, 2011. Well Courtney is no longer in the industry of tending bars. However, however, however, so corny which which local bars have you have you attended tended for I have worked out I've worked at and You didn't hear any of those though, because we're not trying to get sued. I'm gonna lose to all of them. So I've worked out a very popular blank House downtown. Yeah. Yeah blank House near Old Town. I've also worked at a very popular place. We get half-price drinks on Mondays also selects half-price drinks on Tuesdays. Yes. Yes, that's true. Yes, that's true. I don't have a problem and they're delicious. Oh my God. We all have a little bit of problem when it comes those drinks. Give me the other one is a biker bar that I hope you've never been to it. If you have I'm sure it was an experience. Is that that actually yeah, that's I mean pretty bad place but also the probably of stories everyone does we all got stories? Um, the first one that you mentioned it, which is also probably the most popular for our viewers. Maybe not the most popular. For Wichita, at least if you didn't catch on so that's where when you graduate from college or if you're 35 and recently divorced. That's where you go to kind of like prey on women. That's just one of the other there's like no middle ground on that. It's either you're like a 21 to 23 and a frat board or you're over 35 35 35 is actually pretty generous. So yeah 40 I mean, yeah. Ahead, do you want to hear some tea? I recently let's jump on it. So I've gotten out of the industry looking for new employment kind of feel it put my feelers out. Yes, and I recently had a one of our regulars there at one of the said bars that I have at Thai House. Yeah. Shut up. Yeah message me today and offered me a position as an intern and it's company and I was like, oh I didn't even know you had a company. That's so interesting. He messaged me and The position was for mistress. Yeah and his quote unquote come now, the company was made up and yourself a company. The worst part is this dude has so much money like so much money that he like thinks you just can see ya you didn't think about it. I absolutely had like a millisecond of like where are my morals and then I was like no no cops. Yeah. I know. How much how much do I need money? Yes also, this is this is the Wichita job industry right now where I for a millisecond, I was like do what I did not I did not ever write down the number on a piece of paper and then slide it across the table to I after I got that message. I was like not willing to see him face-to-face for probably prolonged it on time. Yeah the rest of your life would you say that I brought? Yeah, I probably would be so great for me. Honestly. Yeah we can cut it was definitely over a grand. No over Grand a month for a description and he let me just take a drink of yours. This is a family friendly podcast. So it's like to see what yeah, that's totally fine. Also. This is as educational these things happen in the world. You have to know how to handle it. We're just talking about exactly I don't I am not dissing or encouraging the sex industry you do you boo boo. That's my official stance. That's we're going to sex work. Yeah, they don't do it do their thing girl personally hurt the 60 year old man. I was not about to at least that's me. Yeah and maybe sweet boy sweet man, like very good Tipper at bars. But outside when you get a message, it's like yes, they were there was a discussion because I sent Some screenshots to my friends and was like, do you see what's happening? And they said oh, yes girl. Go off gang was popping off real name. Yeah, it was definitely like a what does this entail and he was like, you're very attractive expletive expletive expletive. I would like to give you a thousand dollars a month for this and I said, this is me throwing up a piece Kourtney hasn't left the chat the rest of chat drops magazine. That's in the chest and the screenshots were set and it was done. But in India blocking hmm, we're gonna leave it at we're gonna leave it alone a little bit because I still run into him in public because he frequents frequents to of my previous bars. So, okay and he's like, he's a fan favorite everyone loves him. So you're going to see if maybe we'll go see action maybe doubles throws a couple more zeros. Yeah. That's totally the plant smart tattoo that we can't. Awesome plan. Well, see what he works at the end. We'll have you back. We'll have you back on the podcast and like a year or so, you can update us on let's do six months this job searches going it's going so we'll see what happens. Once you land a job a little. Yes. He also I don't know if I should say it will cut it if we all right. He also is known for he gives a lot of the girls like and the industry he'll give some the money for pedicures and then you you get a pedicure. No strings attached except for you to send them a picture of it after so you do information in what Patty? Pretty weird because it is like don't be weird about this. What is foot World weird. I shop there all the time. Okay. Okay where you buy your shoes makes sense like Alice a teenage dog. That's why this might get around discount Footwear at foot world will be that slogan foot world. Like what would be there? We're good at tag line. How about that? Are you smelling it? Oh my goodness. I hate that. I kind of like it I think. I'm telling you we should write Jingles dude. What do you got? Wait, it's also one of those like always fresh never Frozen. Can we like throw this under the feet world? This is the pose as possible. Always fresh never the Wendy's so cheesy. So welcoming. So cheesy we're soldiers. You guys haven't heard of tochi's have you please educate us Isaac? No, I just tell us about your toe cheese. Tell us about your new Venture idea this new product. You're developing. Hello. Tochi's your problem at oh geez boy. Do I have a stick for you? Three small payments of 64 55555. It's a big number baseball payments of 60 455. You can get rid of your toe cheese. I'm going to take a quick sip of my drink here. I'd like to also just point out while we're here that Courtney is a bartender Annex bartender, excuse me, and the the boys here and Shelby are all pretty consistent alcohol consumers and I have fixed. I have a fixed each of them with a drink of my choice. Well, I poured it. Their choice anyways, Isaac is a mixologist. But what I'm going to say is that I have no complaints. I have a perfect record ever drink that I've porn on the bag one of youse. There you go has not been as not has not come has come back with exceedingly High review except one which one Tucker's no. He said he loved it. He just was just don't drink. Will you have straight vodka? So your that's not me if you don't like it. Well, she hasn't complain either so you haven't heard I haven't heard a complaint. So I'm trying to say I got a high enough score. So take with that what you will take with that what you will be coming in as a bartender. I had very little complaints when I get people alcohol. So I'm not trying to like diminish this but also just keep it in mind keep it in mind, but you're not that special you ever you ever ask the your constituent. I don't because it's good. I make my money off of it they like it. So if they don't they don't tip me and when I was Turning I made a decent amount of money. I'm not gonna be like I was making a lot but right about Scott table and sliding your number number of okay. I asked you would you would you yeah. Right here. Yeah and your own home 100% invited on the podcast and would include on the on the podcast as well. I would say it's pretty hard to mess this up. But you did a very good job. Thank you. Good job, you leave into the mic actually and say that again. I'm gonna ring tone. Yeah. Why don't that take 45? Hi. I'm Courtney Gene. Nance former / will always be the best bartender in the world, but former bartender, and I got a drink made from Me by Isaac and it wasn't bad. It is it is drinkable. That's what I strive to be working on it as we speak. Hey we talked about this earlier. I remember I said of see acidity. Yeah acidity audacity Audacity Of you interested. Where's uses pretty out? Daysius? Yeah audacious Bodacious audacious addition Bodacious. I use Bodacious a lot and I don't really know what it means. I don't think I use it. Right? I think I use it as audacious. Do we know what Bodacious making these like sexy? Right? That's out Bodacious meant like voluptuous. Yeah, maybe but like is it like it has a connotation of meaning? I'll just look it up like a sexy right kind of my job here sexy time. Okay Bodacious. Let's see what Merriam-Webster has to say since I only listen to them. Yeah. I want a big Marion boy. Shut up Miriam. Okay. Shut up my girl Miriam Miriam Madam Library Mama's girl. Who does my boy? I'm strictly a Urban Dictionary type of guy definition one your what an urban dictionary definition of a dime or unmistakable. Number two remarkable or noteworthy such as a Bodacious bargain and number three This is Miriam Webster sexy / voluptuous is exit and the deaf an early example is bodacious babes. Okay called that quite a bit actually. Yeah, okay, pause you'll be be so I'm Bodacious, huh? I found that adding a ch2 words that don't have a CH has really helped my love life make me do a quick leg vote here. The girls are like very much not about the dudes are like, yes, what does that mean? I feel like it means something three against two. So we win. He hasn't made an official stance here. He's asleep. Yeah plaid man's with us. He betrayed the podcast for example after this. I'll probably go to sleep. Hmm fine with me. I'm slinging content, you're sounding more and more like a quiet guy with a podcast. I will say that for sure especially after that that extremely wide Sunday, but we recorded we recorded one bit before you guys got here and it was about How I have like one of the widest lifestyles. that exists, but also how I'm like Like I'm always last to change it. Yeah, I have no plans to change it. I'm aware. That's white and I'm aware that that's like not cool. But also I love going to brunch. I love playing disc golf. I love longboarding and I love going to breweries. All he did on Saturday Sunday and I yeah, that's why we can all agree. I would love to make fun of you. But I've done all those activities. I used to teach frisbee golf at a camp upriver go. Yeah. I'm disco disco. Sorry. I'm so sorry and I'm gonna To culture what camp wasn't like a summer camp. It was called The Rock. It's called Rock Springs 4-H Center for H. Hmm. I was never in 4H but I work for a lot of kids. Who were that's pretty white the probably one of the widest things you can do. Ya for H Camp. Those kids are teach me about knots and I agree. I can tie a pretty dang good not but have you tied the knot? But this is how single I am but I was like, what's the night? I've been in like seven weddings. I'm into this summer. Have you been to so many weddings but not known about the not.com. Sure. That's I mean, I'm in the wedding's like I'm always like maid of honor bridesmaids. I have to do it. No, they're like if you're not there you're in trouble. I'm like I get it. Yeah, I guess. We do a lot of wedding talk we do with it to go to weddings again. We talk about weddings too much. They're easy to talk about here bartended a wedding. Yes. Yes. Oh my gosh, you get the phase. Well, can I curse on here? Is that okay? Yeah, I'll beep it bleep it. But okay cool. You're going to bleep a lot. The more I want that was gonna get. Yeah. Yeah. There's been when I was in Manhattan, I would to K-State for college and I used to bartend weddings is like cute little venue downtown. Always have to find the parents of the of the Bride or groom or bride a bride or groom groom equal opportunity to thank you for saying that but in this case, I was in Manhattan the Midwest and so mostly just bride and groom's a lot of cowboy boots and a lot of yeast which you lot of heats the wedding venue stuff. It's always, you know, people get really stressed out with weddings. If you can get the mom or the dad a drink from like pretty soon from the beginning of the reception they're going to bitch ten. Is less. Oh, yeah, if you get the huh, you load that puppy up to 100% you find out from the beginning of the wedding. What's there? What's their alcohol a choice and they come on you're like, hey, congratulations on what you've done an amazing job, even if it's been awful. It was spent on disorganized and terrible. You say you've done a great job. You work him up get him a shot. Hey, this is on us after that. It's great that they usually all of them. Anyways lot of cash bar a lot of cash. Really? You're lucky. Yes, you all about recognizing your privilege. You can be privileged if you recognize it. I mean, yeah, it's like a square is a rectangle square rectangle square. No, like I'm saying it is okay to be privileged if you recognize it is it I mean, it can really fight being privileged. But the what does he think like, I mean you were born he was born a white man. Yeah, he's family head straight man straight Bachelor his family had his at oh boy. He went to college. So gay, that's awesome. It's a privilege it is but I reckon but he recognized it. So he's not a douche for pretending like he's not privileged. That's true. I see. I mean I'm just on not about being like pat on the back good job. You recognize the thing that everyone else has been telling me forever. Oh, no, not on that same no, no. No, I feel like I feel like you're very much make it aware. Like hey, I'm aware of this and I'm some people aren't and that's cringy at this. 20 20 20 If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free, which is better than paying money his creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. So even if you don't know what you're doing, they still got you covered anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership like this. Very podcast a dozen Maybe. 50 doesn't like every single amp that gets eaten by an anteater listens to this. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free incre app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Yes. All the good ones. Do you just don't see them because they're not because they're so is this like the secret? This is like the key to a good podcast gonna have one sleeper the whole time. He's gonna have someone who's like dreaming Isaac. How do you feel with those all those emergency vehicles always driving by it has ruined the mood sometimes but wait, can I interject? Which mood? Yes. It's not the specific mood, but just the general Ambiance Ambience Ambience that I like to protrude and your bachelor pad bachelor pad. This is a that Gibson was just clarifying. What heard what? Can I do make a comment on this place is it's beautiful very Tastefully decorated. I like it. I like it's very nice. Very comfy. Very cozy. You would say that it's cozy. I would say cozy. Yeah, because I mean I'm also very big fan of like industrial. So like these ceilings and everything. I'm large fan. I'm sorry. I did that but in search of skills exactly that's interesting. Shut up. First of all. I don't believe in ghosts Ting if you're an adult you can communicate your feeling. How are you feeling Isaac with that with that statement coaster. You can be a ghost or something. No, I don't agree that you shouldn't be. But I am gonna stir. Okay, there it is. Not proud of it. It's a hard thing when I do it. I'm not saying that I texted that and was like, I'm so confident and did I know that's a hard thing to communicate your feelings clearly, especially when you're like disappointing someone who I think is that if the relationship was insignificant enough, then it doesn't need one need. How do you qualify a significant and significant relationship is a chart. There's a there's a flow chart that I use a pros and cons the pros and cons list. I don't know if you've been on three dates, I think and then you end it you deserve a text or talk. Three hangouts or if you've kissed you deserve to just like this give someone and the person wants a relationship and you don't want a relationship. Then you owe it to them to set say this. I don't want this with so I guess I'm talking this is mean I feel like I have to break down so much what qualifies as a date? Like, how do you no worries when I say date, I mean like hang out with them individually. Yeah, okay. You're a great host Jared. So if you if you hang out individually or at a bar like intentionally with someone together, you guys made a plan to meet there together. Yeah, you do that three times and you decide you don't want it. You have to tell them. But what's the difference between the third and the second more times? It's like the first the first date or hang out whatever you have a really awesome conversation because really connect and the second one all of a sudden you don't feel it. And then you do the turn and you do it sir. Yeah. Try it. No, but there's no kissing nothing like that. You just really feel a connection. What do you say that? I just don't know how you how you quantify quite a quantify qualify. This don't think there's a formula that might be something there's a formula. Okay, I just figured out how are you? I don't know what you're asking. She's saying that if the first date is awesome, huh? Second day crappy. Yeah like that would after the second day. I would probably but the first one was awesome like so awesome. What if you're like, maybe they just weren't feeling maybe they said on the second day. I had a bad day. I'm not really all here. But like I wanted to hang out with you. I'm not saying that you can't just go on the third day. I'm probably gonna third day. Yeah, but that I'm not saying that you have to like stop seeing them after the second one. You can definitely go on more dates after a third day if you then decide not for me so on a second date if you still think there's hope you go to 30, then you're gonna be okay, but what if God because you can go what he seems Can goes after the first date and after the second day but there's a third a third a you can do this anymore. Three strikes. You're out. Yeah, three strikes you out. If you give me three bad days, I'm going to give you three lack of texts. So everyone listening if you've been on a date with Isaac, you've been ghosted you might be liable for coffee. I think I like the idea of making dates more casual than they are. Yeah, just in general like you had the whole like, you know going on a date just because I'm bored. I think that should be okay. I don't think that's not okay. I think people think that's not okay. I said that way to confusingly I definitely know I prefer to you have to have like these the previous intentions of well, I don't think that's not okay. Yeah. Hi. I'm Courtney Hansen. I don't think that but yeah, you know I'm saying dates are so weird though. I'd say I talk to someone okay, we can dive into that I talk to someone. My previous bar pretty recently like right before discontinued. Yes at I house and these older dudes older being like 30s not even that much older but they were like, hey, like I asked for this girl's number and she said, oh you can add me on Facebook and I was like, yeah, okay and they're like why why is it like that? Why wouldn't I just get her number? And I was like, I don't know number seems more personal and they were like, but that's a direct contact to you and your Facebook. Is like all your information I was like, yes, but it's a give-and-take if you if you add them on Facebook your you can see their information to take a screening process of phone number. You got no screening this like a cold call last name ya know you might not but you can't even in order. Here's a here's another thing to pay you if I could just piggyback off of your topic. Absolutely. How about two episodes ago? We had no we talked about this on the podcast and I agree with him, but I never vocalizes. I think a very important screening process for potential mate is to make this to make this kind of an amalias is a primal all of a sudden. Mm8 find my cave woman, you know, it's really it's very important to have like a good friend group. I think. Personally, like I like to see that so you're saying you want to look at how social media to see if they have friends not know or not. That sounded probably to like a even see if they have like a solid like a good social life. Yeah. Okay, because I want to know they're not alone are just like yeah, this is again. This is not saying how you should date. This is saying who uh tie look for but like I want to make sure the person that I would date I want them to be. I want them to go out to bars and hang out with friends. I want them to be them to go out. I personally owned Like how you can explore and like do like outdoorsy stuff. But like this is your way of screening not though, right? It's a vetting process. Yeah, and you can't get that with a phone number then you just like because obviously you have to give the text while back and forth with anyone today. It's important and I also energetic being coming from my quote unquote big girl job, which I hate saying but it's social media marketing which I know is all fake because it's what I do, right? There's a there's a bit of like, I don't know like genuine parts of it, but it's called like your Instagram. Her face was called a highlight reel for a reason. You're not going there posting your even though some people do posting your crying selfies saying, oh my God, I feel like crap. Yeah. No you're doing like I'm doing X Y & Z and so they went on a hike one time over spring break last week or last year's. It's about to March. So yeah last spring break. I went on a hike maybe that's like half of their photos is like those two trips hike they took ya. So, how do you you know what I mean? So it's I think it's a cute vetting process. But also, I'm the older I get the more I'm like how much weight Can we actually put into this? So what's the better vetting process for that? I was talking to someone face to face. Is that going to tell you it can hire a private detective hired you yeah, you had a private one side further in my career. It's Pi all the way. Yes, you hire pi and then you have them follow for at least a week. And and that's your wedding present. One two, three weeks. I'm not even upset about it. Oh, yeah, you just you just like texting and like you didn't keep up the casual conversation. Keep pretending like everything is normal, but you don't mean with them during that whole time until the whole wedding chest heaved up line and hook right? There is a third party like neither of you know them but also this is my stalker is oh, yeah, that's a really bad PR. That means you hired a we have a budget Pi for sure. There's a budget for it you do we're over here. We are on the side of the couch. We're good. We're hiring for No one's yeah, we're talking like professional P. I'm only hiring not your cousin Pi. Yeah. I've hired a family member. Okay, that's not your like cousin is a grows like super and Instagram and like she you know, she's can stalk way to well maybe like social media Pi absolutely so many Pi but and we all have those in our life we have that girl at friend who's like hey is this look at it look her up and they got it. They're not a second seconds and that's impressive gonna do that drops to them. That's not we're looking for though. I just think if you go face-to-face and talk with someone and you just hang out alone The Click might be there, but I still don't know if they have like I need another friend group. I guess, you know, you're saying that that's a deal breaker. Even if you click like you really click but then she doesn't have a whole lot of friends. I think it is a deal-breaker girl to have a solid friend group. Well, I think that's it takes more than sorry. There's levels to this. It's not just like that. It's saying she has to have a I felt sight of you. Right so if you guys are going to come together and she doesn't have a solid friend group because I do have a life and I don't want that. No, that's not healthy. And that brings us back to NEOS Little Miss Independent. If you will full circle with me. She's got to be she's gotta let me alone. as the great Neo once said I think anyone has ever called him the greatness of the great Neo once said she walks like a boss talks like a boss manicured nails just sent the pedicure off. She's fly effortless She Moves Like A Boss do what a boss do she got me thinking about getting involved. That's the kind of girl. I need ding. I know Kendrick Lamar wants said that's poetry in motion. Put it in a song. I feel like And that's a great Kanye West once said, I'm a sick. I like a quick welcome to Isaac's bachelor pad. I still want to go back to ghosting though. Yeah, we have I had a conversation today in my DMs and a former friend or network friend a friend with a former hook up and he hooked up with one of my friends and he I didn't say anything about it because like hey, I feel bad about this. I go sitter. No he ghosted my friend and she didn't say anything about it. Like everyone was pretty chill about it. But he was like I said to you that he feels bad. Yeah, he's okay. I feel bad about this and I was like, you should lean into that. I'm not going to tell you what's right or wrong, but I was like if you feel bad you want to do something about it? He's like yeah, I feel like it's the mature thing to do. I think I'm I'm growing up. It's about communication. Now if I see he is how old am I he's 24. Yeah. So I got one more year you you know getting getting it. Yeah. Yeah. I agree that. It's really mature. Do you agree that there are people that you don't even Even though it to to have that talk because it's not even serious enough. All right person to ask I don't want to go on this is also thing what qualifies the day because I don't think I go on a lot of dates, but I'm surely there have been people that have said wait no Kourtney come back. I love you and you're just like that from people that you just met I did. Yes. I've I hung out with a guy one time and he wrote me a two-page love letter. That's I don't care what anyone says it was. Is kind of terrifying. Yeah, I know. No, yeah, no hung up with him one time and he did that that had to be that was a ghosting. That was like, there's no way to combat that being a girl's weird though. I feel like it's a weird. It's a weird conversation to have with a guy because there's how there have been some should I survived ghosted not in a sense of like ghosting of sense of safety, right? Which is everyone's like it's weird to like. Oh, no, we don't talk about that. That's a real thing that happens. And so you have to like doesn't cut him off immediately because You got you can't you got to stop them before like it gets to like attached Itachi. Yes or showing up at your apartment. Yeah, I've had a guy follow me before I cut it. I was just a portal investigator, but no he was just a little while. He didn't have money to hire a pi so he wasn't the pi. Yeah. Yeah guys are guys get I mean I know girls get crazy too. I'm not saying just guys I'm saying personal experience. I've had a lot of dudes just do some while hmm. Yeah, you like to talk about some of that. Bad date stories for days. Can we just have a bad date segment one day God because if you got that you may go off on that that is our core. Yes is up on bad date segment coming to you live what with the badge now you're overdoing. It will think of something. What will you got a record gonna be like bad day bad day bad day. Oh, yeah, Jared. He's dead. He's dead now. All right, we're doing a bad day segment. I know you have been following along but we need we're going to do like a everyone lean into your mic and then so bad day bad day bad day age sickness or what's the word? I'm Katie what the seventh for the tonic? But you know what? Okay. Fantastic. For a dumb so you all right. I hope that it you gotta gonna smash that together. We're just like all the cuts of just like do it three minutes and a half just for that. Yeah. Anyways Courtney, it seems that you've had a bad date. I would like you to go down the line and come up with a pseudo name of this person that you want to date with not the grilling. Of course, unless you want to you can absolutely not where the date happened. And of course what made it bad. This feels like a 70s game. A show because ever watch that kind of the by those before. Yes, you're more like the really long microphones. I all smoked on screen. Mmm, like the like the shotgun no, no the very thin like microphone would just a little bit because your whole life. No, you're talking about the match game know what they use on. No, not quite not quite I know what you're talking about, but not quite not quite that but from entering from what I said, I think about that but like here, okay, but real quick long story short when I was in college, I booked bands. It was super fun loved it. It was for our College itself. So I went with a group who like we got like an amount of money and from like a student fund and then we had that and got a book bands. The band so you block them. We they came we did the whole thing had to be like basically managing them making sure everything went well because I was like event planning and all that shit and at the end of the night like we're in I'm a kind of flirting with one of them like you they have this cute tattoo that I comment on. It's like a Giving Tree thing very about it. Yeah. It's very fun. They're the show ends after a while and they're like, hey like, where'd Ooh, we go to have fun here. And this very small town. I was like there's a bar animes we go there we all hang out. I hit it off with this dude. We start hanging out. We leave the bar and go to another place and hang out more to my mom listening. I promise nothing happened. They were just hanging out Yeah, we actually know we smoked a little it was cute then he left but it was very very sweet very, you know, it's a fun time fast forward to six months, I would Will you go to say we end up actually being in New York at the same time? Because extra from Cali and he says Hey, I want to take you out. I want to hang out. We'd been like chatting talking on different social medias for a while really hitting it off and he goes I want to take you out and I was like, I would love that. This is so crazy that we'd both be in New York at the same time waiting in Brooklyn go to this cute sushi place my friends with me as it. Hey, I'm sorry. Like I know we want to like hang out. Do you mind if I bring a friend? He's the one showing me around town. He said no, of course not and so I bring my friend. We show up and I was like and I was kind of supposed to be a day but like I like my friend is taking me around so he's like no problem at all. We show up it's been very the coverage and very flirty very whatever like, you know, three weeks the more the merrier me and that guy are very flirty. And this guy that I was with my friend teach. He's like, oh my gosh. I'm so excited. He was gonna bring his know he's gonna bring his boyfriend probably could get to know my friends gonna bring his boyfriend he had to work and so wouldn't work out so we're like, okay, I'll just go to three of us. I get there and there's a girl there and I was like oh he brought a girl to oh cool so what Sarah's gone so we sit down and I was he's my friends like who's that girl I said oh I don't know I was like he must have known remembering you friends he brought up front and this girl comes up and she introduced himself and I'm like oh my God it's so nice to meet you like I hug him and he when he hugs me he like does a real quick one and then pieces out real quick and I was like oh I was like that's weird with our conversation but you know I'm not worried about it whatever and then she introduced her she's like oh my gosh she's told me so much about you and I was like oh he has and she's like yeah she's like it's so nice to meet y'all and then basically break gets bring up he's like oh yeah he's like if you met my girlfriend Erika oh I go I have not met your girlfriend his girlfriend we all sit down for dinner all four of us not drinks it's dinner we sit down at dinner all four of us and my friends like Here sipping his tea, like we watching the show and I'm like shut up shows answer all just like haha and I was like and I'm on my head. I'm like, what does she know? What is he? What is going on? Is this an open thing? Is it 901 saying anything and you can invite me to join them? Yes, exactly and then looking vetting process for their third too many thoughts as like I was literally like a sophomore in college. This is like I'm a baby. Yeah. It turns out she does not know. Did not know me got to like the end of the night what I did you ask him didn't know. Yeah. I mean, I like conversation. She was like, yeah, I heard that you do XYZ. It was never like a it got to the point where it was like, oh, yeah. I heard that he played a show and you booked him. I said, yeah, it was a it was a really fun night and I kind of glanced at him and he goes like a yeah like a like a it was a fun night. And I said, yeah, we all had a great time all of us together had a great time and she What is so great? I'm so glad to hear that and like everyone's feeling each other out and I'm just like what is happening and I'm wearing the cons and Pros. I'm like do I I can't say something. I was like, I don't know these people I got my gonna be a homewrecker exactly. I was like, oh my very awkward situation long had they been dating for where they didn't at the time that you booked the show. They'd been dating for three years. Three years ago. He was in a relationship that night. Yes. And so all this isn't Kansas City and she lived in California to I was in Manhattan, Kansas middle of nowhere, but I met yes, it's okay. They're so close. But she lived in California. She lived in New York and he lived in California. There are both doing their own band things, but still dating and they travel together musically sometimes didn't know that either he comes for Maya whatever we all of us somehow end up being not now ones on tour. For all in New York at the same time all can get dinner at this one night and this all pops off and at the very end at the very end with all this weirdness. I was like, okay cool in my mind. I'm like, this was weird. This was not supposed to happen. I'm going to cut my losses and leave whatever they got going on is their problem but we gotta get out of here had fun. Let's go so we go into like say goodbye. I give him a hug. He leans back kisses me on the mouth and I go Oh and I turned over to her and then she grabs me kisses me on the moon and I go okay, and then we all leave and then we all leave and that was it. That was a we never you never talked to them with you again. I mean, if you really want to find them he commented on one of my most recent like insta post but like what kind of kiss it was like just a smooch kiss. I think Smoot. Okay. Sorry. I had to I had to slip one in I had. Tom it was like a you know your hand it went with your hand do with my hands now, I gotta do like like the hand was like here and the hand went in the back. I'm back of the hand back of the head like it's like a mmm. I've only bow in your hair like yes here and the hair like Kiss sound but like a like the lips were in there. It was embrace. It was Embrace for both of them. I live hug. Yes, no time no time. Yes, that's a very good question. But yes, they're American and then everyone was like, all right, and then know this isn't the best part I kid you not we're leaving and we're like like trailing out and she goes, you know, I heard about that that night you guys had and I'm really happy for you. And those are they put me through that nerve-wracking shit the entire time they knew they both knew they both knew they were there waiting for their way. For YouTube to just break during the conversation. Yeah, I mean it's all about the rock star life. What can we decide about their relationship? Well, they broke up so but it was an open relationship clearly, right? I think that they that's what they were anger was talks. I don't think either of them ever like super sound was it passive aggressive when she said I'm happy for you know, it was really it was very kind. I can also say that we are all very drunk and so who knows knows but I will say that it was my boyfriend. I think it was like a I think you guys had a good time and that's sweet. I think that's all it was because it was all so it wasn't like we didn't do anything crazy. Yeah. So I really feel like it was like a they had an open thing but with like limitations only mean yeah say, yeah the future since much time just this much time a little smooch smooch time. I can me dude Isaac. It's I like the word no smooch. I start looking away from you guys. you say that we're just uh I'm just looking down the hall now it's gonna make direct eye contact that that's going to my top 10 words the show gave us yes I was on the edge of my seat that whole time yeah yeah we're going to happen and it wasn't and they've invited me out to Cali to come stay calm so really what a roller coaster all right so it's been Kourtney Gene Nance on Vagabond views if you like this what's it called like share subscribe comment below mashed all that smash that subscribe button yeah tell all your friends about Isaac The Bachelor only the cute ones though let them know will be ghosted thanks so much for having me on this is awesome roll out your music