Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all.Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the podcast. So far, I think we're getting a very good response of interest to it. Dr. Wreck. Let me Begin by asking you for thanking you I guess for contributing an insightful editorial for the readers of pharmacotherapy about the treatment of influenza. Your comments are very timely given the current news of a Coronavirus. Section that has caused a healthcare crisis in China and appears to be spreading worldwide. So but let's talk about the topic at hand first. Would you comment about the extent of influenza infection annually in the United States frankly your data and your editorial or somewhat alarming as many as 50 200 deaths were attributed to influenza over only a three-month period and 2019 That's correct. And those numbers are even higher now the CDC does surveillance of influenza and so far for the 2019 2020 season this has affected a huge proportion of the us as of the 15th of February. The last time the beta were updated their been up to 41 million cases of influenza up to 19 million Health Care visits up to a half a million hospitalizations as a result of a lesson. Infection and the current mortality rate is estimated at somewhere between 16 thousand and forty one thousand deaths attributed to influenza so though. This is a pretty wide range of estimation. It demonstrates the huge burden of death disability and Health Care expenditures that influence a poses to the u.s. Your editorial discusses the availability of oseltamivir near a mean of dice and Amateur to prevent replication of the influenza virus. Am I correct in understanding that within the next few years oseltamivir will be available without a prescription. Isabel for the clinical program and funding all of the studies necessary to support this switch to OCT. So there is still a lot of steps that they have to go through before it can come to Market as an over-the-counter agent. So it may not be within the next year or so, but we can anticipate in the next few years that we should be hearing more about this. I have reached out to sanofi it via email to try to obtain more information about what they've done so far. And what their plan is but as of the time of this interview, I have not heard back. I'm curious. Will you discuss the motivation for making this drug available as OTC wondering partly whether this is a move by the FDA or whether it's move by sanofi assume that there are no issues about whether this drug is effective in reducing the morbidity associated with influenza infection. So are there significant advantages to the public for? Increased access to this drug without having to obtain a prescription. For up to 48 hours after symptom onset its most effective as given earlier. It may take more than 48 hours to get in to see your primary care doctor in order to get a prescription for all the time of year. And then it takes time to fill that prescription. So kind of breaking down and removing those barriers May ensure that more people are eligible for treatment with also Tamara this in turn may give patients more access to the benefits associated with also Tamara mirror including To decrease duration of illness prevention of rates of secondary complications like pneumonia and sepsis and reduction in hospitalizations among other things the second big benefit that I see is that in redirecting patients to pharmacies instead of parts of other parts of the healthcare system, like emergency department or Urgent Care visits and Primary Care visits may help to attenuate the spread of influenza. In the general population and decompressed those Healthcare facilities at a time when they're already very busy of Chief concern is the spread to our vulnerable populations who are likely to be in the hospital to begin with those are patients at high risk of complication like the very older very young immunocompromised patients pregnant women or those with chronic medical conditions chronic medical conditions, like heart disease or diabetes. However, this should be used with caution because cuz if we remove the position evaluation these patients that do need referral to Providers may not get that referral and there may be consequences from that the third benefit that I see is that increased use of both TCL timethere May decrease the use of medications that claim to have anti-influenza properties, but that don't have much data behind the place. These are things like over the counter Elderberry syrup or Pathak but we still owe Cox meet CM which is a homeopathic agent that has very little data to support efficacy and limited data evaluating the safety and points of these agents. So if we can shift away from using those agents and shift towards using something that you know has previously been rigorously studied and approved by the FDA for prescription use that may be a benefit to society and the fourth thing is that of course First filthy stands to gain substantially from this financially, but I also think that patients may have a financial benefit if it saves them trips to the emergency department or urgent care or can prevent hospitalization and complications patients May benefit financially as well. I'd like to ask you more about constant in just a moment. But since you mentioned sanofi won't pharmacies also stand to benefit financially if they sell sale Talavera. over the counter That's a great Point as well. I would assume that if we're redirecting traffic to Pharmacy is that they are going to yield a great deal benefit as well though. It may stretch my Retail Pharmacy Counter Parts out a little more during a time when they're already inundated with influenza vaccines. Well just to move on since you mentioned that the rights of vaccination for influenza are so poor in the United States less than 40 percent of adults and 60% of children. And apparently are being vaccinated for for influenza infection each year. Is there any estimate that obtaining so time of year through a pharmacy May decrease the spread of influenza and and if so, then therefore it could result in fewer deaths each year. It is possible that early and appropriate administration of also Tam of are could result in a number of benefits like shortening duration of symptoms for up to a day preventing a secondary complications, like pneumonia and sepsis the currently preventing hospitalization. And then also it could prevent the attendant or could attenuate the spread of influenza the outcome that I would not like to see is that people are even less likely to seek out vaccinate. Because OTC also some of your is available that nation is critical and even though our rates of Effectiveness are not perfect this year. It's about 45 percent effective receiving vaccine can prevent complications even in those patients that do come down with influenza. So it's been shown in this population to decrease the need for hospitalization. So your influenza is not as severe. You don't need to be admitted to the hospital influenza vaccine has decreased need for ICU admission decreased cost the length of stay in those patients that do need to be admitted and finally decrease the rate of death. So fax it back to Nation. It is the most important thing that we can do to prevent influenza and those students. Let me go back now and ask you another question about about Carl stuff, since you mentioned the current cost of those so time of year in your editorial. There's also a cost associated with seeing a healthcare provider to Time to obtain a prescription did reduction in health care costs influence that decision to move Talavera to OTC status. Because most insurance companies are not going to cover over the counter medications. I have no idea if it will be comparable and cost as an Okie agent, but for some patients between a hundred and sixty to a hundred eighty dollars, maybe a substantial reduction in costs when you're talking about preventing hospitalization preventing complications, like pneumonia and preventing visits to primary care doctors where you may face, he's indestructible and Ed visits or Urgent Care. No, I think that leaning is the move to OTC is performed here in the US a cost Effectiveness study would be really interesting to determine if there is overall less cost to the patient as a result of this move to over-the-counter sales Line This is a real waiting and see issue. I know that the flu viruses that circulate year-to-year very in the strains and the CDC tries to combat this by designing a flu. Saying that matches the predictive strains that will be prevalent from here to here. What's the result of a bad year in terms of virus or vaccine mismatch? How does this compare that influenza might Escape Talavera by way of resistance mechanisms, for example In terms of also Talavera resistance the CDC does monitor this and in general it is pretty low. It's a pretty good agent for treating influenza the exception to this course is our 2008 to 2009 pandemic season of H1N1. We're more than 90% of circulating H1N1 influenza was resistant to also Camembert globally, which is one of the reasons why it was such a bad year for for influenza in general also have air is usually an effective treatment method is unknown how broad liberal use of this agent May. In fact future resistance rates resistance appears to be facilitated by gene mutations in the viral genius genome and this video in part attributed to exposure to antiviral. So at this point, we don't really know how broad use of all those have a bear May contribute to Future results. Sensory the thank you. There's a suggestion in your editorial that inappropriate use of those. So time of year could occur you discuss that the proper Administration is to begin treatment within 48 Hours of the onset of influenza symptoms, if we successfully educate the general public on this, what do you think? Will there be any risk of overuse? They don't have influenza and especially if the no P launches a broad TV and Print commercial advertisement campaign. I think it will be hard for patients not to know that this agent is on the market. And we also know that patients are really bad at self-diagnosing and accurately predicting whether they have influenza. So I wouldn't want a system where the sole determinant for English idioms with him of your is the patient's self-diagnosis. I think that they're somehow has to be some pharmacists involvement if we're going to make the move to OTC with some countries have done is behind the counter status behind the counter. Like we have for pseudoephedrine and some other medications here in the US. This means that a pharmacist would have to evaluate the patient prior to dispensing be also have a beer while this would really put a lot of stress on my Retail Pharmacy colleagues. This may be the best option that we have to make sure that things like the types of symptoms so that they match up with and aligned with influenza RSS. The duration of illness is Chronic comorbid conditions are assessed and the patients are appropriately referred to a provider if they attack need to see a provider and then things like renal function and pregnancy status are assessed in order to determine eligibility for over-the-counter use point-of-care testing for influenza. So the rapid PCR testing has been used successfully in some Community pharmacies. But this time it's not widely done. I think you may be suggesting that pharmacists make a Vision not to sell her own cell Town Lavere to a patient unless they have symptoms. In other words. It might be inappropriate for a patient to say I'd like to have a prescription for this drug so that I'm going to an event where there'll be a lot of people some of which I expect to be infected with influenza and I could take it prophylactically to prevent getting this illness. Is there any thought to given to only selling? Tama vr-2 patients who truly appear to have the influenza virus already The weather this means the behind the counter status or some other method. I would not want to completely make it available as an OTC agent without some type of review for symptoms and comorbid conditions OTC also hamburger has been available in countries like New Zealand and Japan and there's some data that's been published out of New Zealand where it's been available as an OTC since 2007 through a process where initially they used to make the influenza stricken patient get out of bed and present themselves to a pharmacist for an in-person evaluation and subsequently that policy was changed to allow for a telephonic interview with the pharmacist. They have additional restrictions in place. Like OTC sales are only available during peak season. So for it for them in New Zealand, that means any through summer and sales are restricted to patients that are 12 years or older. Another restriction is that symptoms must be limited to an offset within 48 hours. I couldn't really find any details on how well this is adhere to or if there are any positive outcomes associated with this change like decrease incidents overhaul or decreased need for hospitalization. Most of the data that's available is qualitative in nature. I think our listeners might be unfamiliar with this with this drug and I would like to hear your comments about potential Adverse Events. It seems to me that there's an overlap here that gastrointestinal effects such as nausea and vomiting that you mentioned your editorial could also these symptoms of influenza infection. So, is there any way for the patient to know the difference? If they're going to occur in an influenza patient, they would be at the onset of symptoms. So if they work then after the initiation of also time of year, I think they can be attributed to the initiation of that medication if they weren't present at the time of getting influenza, then I would think you can attribute it to the medication and not the underlying influenza myself. That seems to be very logical advice since you mentioned children on I'm impressed by the fact that so time of year is approved for use and near nights as young as two weeks of age. Does this mean that there will be a variety of dosage formulations available including perhaps some in liquid form if over-the-counter status applies to patients this year. For Pediatric use my suspicion is that they would have some sort of age restriction as they do in New Zealand. They they only allow for sales to patients 12 years of age or older the dosage of also Tammy bear must be adjusted for any patient that's less than 40 kilos are 88 pounds or for any patient with the Cretin clearance less than 60 ml per minute. So I would think this would have to somehow be assessed in. Making this medication available for over-the-counter you I think there's a unstated assumption in your editorial that pharmacists will be willing to accept responsibility of evaluating a patient's need for this drug, which is essentially equivalent to making a diagnosis that influenza is present and not just a rhino viral infection. That's what justifies the decision to the Spencer sell Talavera do you expect for I was just in community settings will accept this responsibility or will they have some reluctance because of concerns about increased liability? Silicate treatment of influenza in a Community Pharmacy setting so during peak season while pharmacies may need additional support staff and additional pharmacist coverage if they become The Gatekeepers of also tannenberg, I think that the safest way to distribute it to the general public would be through a pharmacist in terms of the increased liability. We have some limited data out of New Zealand where again, it's been over the counter since 2007. There was a survey that sort of qualitatively interviewed 26 pharmacist and they found at the time that only 14 of them are actually recommending OTC else's have a beer and some black the confidence to do so some still refer to each patient to a prescriber. I don't know if the big box Walgreens CVS retail pharmacies get involved is that will be an option for a retail pharmacist. I think that they would encourage the Should have also time of year. So and they look a little different in the u.s. In this survey though. There was this perception that there was little overuse of OPC Elsa time of year. So again our system may be different in that we have a lot of funding that's spent on drug advertisement. So I'm not sure that will be the case in the u.s. If it goes on to see here. Well, I'm guessing if it does go OTC that this change could occur fairly. Quickly and that pharmacies might be prepared for it overnight. So what do you think should be done right now to prepare for this potential change to ensure that there's appropriate use of over the counter isil time of year. I think that we as Healthcare Providers need to advocate for safe prophecies that minimize overuse and make sure that patients that truly need referrals to Providers actually receive the care that is needed. And unfortunately this may mean that this burden falls on our retail firms colleagues. Anyways these pigeons, I think we need some kind of evaluation or oversight by a pharmacist like behind the current status with the screen. Tool or ideally point-of-care testing to actually determine that the patient does have been blind them. I think next week an advocate for surveillance of sales adverse effect reporting and targeted education in terms of the sale of OTC. Also town mayor. I think should be compared to the predicted incident by the CDC in order to determine if overuse is occurring the CDC currently track incidents resistance rates hospitalization and death Of associated with influenza, so I think an effort should be made to determine if go TCL patema beer has an impact on any of those outcomes. And finally, I think that research dollars should be allocated from funding agencies such as the National Institute of Health to incentivize research in this area Additionally the FDA could require post marketing studies and its base for studies to evaluate this impact in a larger population. Well, let me end with Kind of a problem like 20,000 foot question in my professional career. There have been a number of drugs that night. I remember that were once prescription-only and then obtained over the counter status and some of the examples that come to mind include ibuprofen naproxen cimetidine and omeprazole. Do you see other drug categories that might meet and Health Care needs by going over the counter and for Example one of them has been suggested to me by a community pharmacist is silfra silver sulfadiazine cream to prevent infections after second-degree burns. Another is the group of statin drugs with the thought that wider availability might have an overall public health benefit to reduce hyperlipidemia Associated cardiovascular disease. I'm just wondering if you have any thoughts about whether we'll see even wider availability. You have drugs to over-the-counter status in the future. We're still learning about the long-term adverse effects of medications like ppis for Omeprazole including infections, like cluster IAM difficile and ammonia, electrolyte abnormalities and osteoporosis another medication cimetidine. It has so many drug interactions that I would advocate for removing it from the market and then Status I would think that would have to somehow be paired with monitoring and evaluation to make sure that it's being used correctly and to mitigate those side effects that said personally I think that the behind the counter the prescription medication for treatment of nausea and vomiting in pregnancy currently is called die Cletus as a combination of doxylamine and pyridoxamine. I think that should should potentially be an OTC agent because it's currently the to accommodate the two men. Stations that are within that medications are both over the counter. However is kind of clunky to try to instruct patients on how to purchase those you have to cut one of the medications in half and the other you have to be careful about the different strengths that are available over the counter the different doses that are available so they have to pick up the correct dose. So if it were affordable, I know the prescription that I could get this quite expensive right now, but if it were affordable advocate for that being over the counter, I've also surveyed some retail pharmacist. And they suggested things like albuterol metered dose inhalers benzocaine tear drops and birth control making the move to over-the-counter status. So that comes from the kind of Front Line workers and Pharmacy. Well each one of these drugs certainly has its own separate issues, and I thank you for that. Very insightful response to my my question. And also I want to thank you for a very informative overall discussion today about OCR Down with fear, I should mention to our readers that dr. Rex complete comments about the potential over-the-counter status of a sale Talavera is available on the website of pharmacotherapy and thank you for listening and thank you again doctor rack for your informative comments.