But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and worried then the memory of the previous night rolled over him. Oh, yeah. It was wrought did run think he was named in or is Ron believe them. Well, thank you. Put his knee. Yeah, so that kind of have a bit of a fight right now, right? He sat up and ripped back the curtains of his own four-poster intending to talk to Ron to force Ron to believe him only to find that Ron's bed was empty it obviously gone down to breakfast. Harry dressed and went down the spiral staircase into the common room the moment. He appeared the people who had already finished breakfast broke into Applause again the prospect of going down to the great hall and facing the rest of the gryffindor's all treating him. Like some sort of hero was not inviting it was it was that however, or stay here and allow himself to be cornered by the creevey brothers who were both beckoning frantically to him to join them. He walked resolutely over to the portrait whole pushed it open climbed out of it and found himself face to face with Hermione. Hello, she said holding up a stack of toast, which she was carrying a napkin. I brought you this want to go for a walk. Good idea said Harry gratefully. I was nice to her - she didn't she knew that Harry Potter wouldn't want to go into the Great Hall. And so she brought him some food. They went downstairs cross the entrance hall quickly without looking in at the Great Hall and were soon striding across the lawn toward the lake where the durmstrang ship was moored reflecting black lie in the water. It was a chilly morning and they kept moving munching. They're toast as Harry Hold'em told Hermione exactly. What had happened after you left the Gryffindor table the night before His immense relief Hermione accepted his story without question. Well, of course, I knew you hadn't entered yourself. She said when he'd finished telling her about the scene in the chamber of off the hall the look on your face when Dumbledore write out your name, but the question is who did put it in because Moody's right Harry. I don't think any student could have done it. They'd never be able to fool the Goblet or get over Dumbledore's have you seen Ron Harry interrupted? Hermione hesitated. Yeah, he was at breakfast. She said does he still think I injured myself? Well, no, I don't think so. Not really said her money awkwardly. What's that supposed to mean? Not really? Oh Harry, isn't it? Obvious? Hermione said despairingly. He's jealous. Jealous, Harry said incredulously, you don't incredulously means it's like he doesn't can't believe it. Like you just can't believe what she's saying jealous at Harry incredulously jealous of what he wants to make a Prat of himself in front of the whole school. Does he? Who looks at her Mighty patiently, it's always you who gets all the attention. You know, it is I know it's not your fault. She added quickly seeing Harry open his mouth furiously. I know you don't ask for it. But well, you know Ron's got all those Brothers to compete compete against at home and you're his best friend and you're really famous. He's always shunted to one side whenever people see you and he puts up with it and he never mentions it but I suppose this is one time too many great sit Harry bitterly really great. Tell him from me. I'll swap any time. He wants tell him from me. He's welcome to it. People gawping at my forehead everywhere. I go. I'm not telling him anything Hermione said shortly tell him yourself is the only way to sort this out. I'm not running around after him trying to make him grow up. Harry said so loudly that several owls in a nearby tree took flight and alarm. Maybe he will leave. I'm not enjoying myself. I've got my neck broken or that's not funny that Hermione quietly. That's not funny at all. She looked extremely anxious Harry. I've been thinking you know what we've got to do. Don't you straight away the moment we get back to the castle. Yeah, give Ron a good kick up the right to Serious. You've got to tell him what's happened. He asked you to keep him posted on everything that's going on at Hogwarts. She might have I'm sending my I see a smile of voting his name on a piece of paper. Then he had week over hover over the thing drop it in. Oh you think maybe bird dropped it in like head wings interesting Let's see. He asked you to keep him posted on everything that's going on at Hogwarts. It's almost like he expected something like this to happen. I brought some parchment and a quill out with me. Come off. Its that hairy looking around to check they could be overheard, but the grounds were quite deserted. He came back to the country just because my scar twinged he'll probably come bursting right into the castle of I tell him someone's entered me into the Triwizard Tournament. He'd want you to tell him sit Hermione. Sternly he's going to find out anyway, how Harry this isn't going to be kept quiet sad Hermione, very seriously this tournaments famous and you're famous. I'll be really surprised if there isn't already if it isn't already in the daily Prophet about you competing you're already in half the books about you know, who you know and serious would rather hear it from you. I know he would. Okay. Okay. I'll write to him said Harry throwing his last piece of toast into the lake they both stood and watched it floating there for a moment before a large tentacle rose out of the water and scooped it beneath the surface then they return to the castle. What is existing but was like huge tentacle came up and They seized was tossed into the water and huge tentacle came up out of the water the squad eight his child. He doesn't want anything to eat. Yeah. What am I going to use Harry said as they climb the stairs, he told me not to use Hedwig again. Ask why if you can borrow, I'm not asking front anything. Harry said flatly Pig watching. No way no not aiguillages. And I feel like these Pig would you know be like way too obvious because it's such a silly little floating bird. Nothing George what if a ball? well borrow one of the school house that anyone can use them so that Hermione they went up to the owlery Hermione gave Harry a piece of parchment a quill and a bottle of ink then strolled around the long lines of perches looking at all the different owls while Harry sat down against the wall and wrote his letter this letter Dear serious, you told me to keep you posted on what's happening at Hogwarts. So here goes I don't know if you've heard but the Triwizard Tournament is happening this year and on Saturday night. I got picked as a fourth Champion. I don't know who put my name in The Goblet of Fire because I didn't the other Hogwarts Champion is such a degree from Hufflepuff. He paused this point thinking he had an urge to say something about the large weight of anxiety that seemed to have settled into his chest and last night, but he couldn't think how to translate this into words. So he simply dipped his go back into the ink bottle and wrote. Hope you're okay and Buckbeak Harry finished. He told her my knee getting to his feet and brushing straw off his robes at this Hedwig came fluttering down onto his shoulder and held out her leg. I can't use you Harry told her looking around for the school owls. I've got to use one of those Hedwig give a very loud hooped and took off so suddenly that her talents cut into his shoulder. She kept her back to Harry all the time. He was tying the letter to the leg of a large barn owl. When the barn owl had flown off how you reached out? Yeah. Do you think she's happy that I was using another owl not yeah on the bar now have flown off. How are you reached out to stroke Hedwig, but she clicked her beat furiously in the sword up to the rafters Out Of Reach. First Ron then use that Harry angrily. This isn't my fault. If Harriet thought that matters would improve once everyone got used to the idea of him being Champion the following day showed him how mistaken he was he could no longer avoid the rest of the school once he was back at lessons and it was clear that the rest of the school just like the gryffindor's thought Harry had entered himself into the tournament unlike the gryffindor's however, they did not seem impressed. the hufflepuffs were usually on excellent terms with the gryffindor's had turned remarkably cold toward the whole lot of them one herbology lesson was enough to demonstrate this it was plain that the hufflepuffs felt that Harry had stolen their Champions Glory a feeling exasperated exacerbated perhaps by the fact that Hufflepuff house very rarely got any glory and that Cedric was one of the few who had ever given them any having beaten Gryffindor once a quidditch Bernie McMillan and And Finch flexibly with whom Harry normally got on very well did not talk to him even though they were repotting bouncing bulbs at the same tray that they did laugh rather unpleasantly, when one of the bouncing bulbs wriggled free from Harry's grip and smacked him hard in the face. Ron wasn't talking to Harry either Hermione sat between that making very forced conversation but though both answered her. Normally they avoided making eye contact with each other Harry thought that even Professor Sprout seemed distant with him, but then she was head of Hufflepuff house. He would have been looking forward to seeing Haggard under normal circumstances, but care of magical creatures meant seeing the Slytherin stew the first time. He would come face-to-face with them since becoming Champion predictably Malfoy arrived at Hagrid's cabin with his familiar sneer firmly in place. Look boys. It's the champion. He said to Crabbe and Goyle the moment. He got within earshot of Harry got your autograph books better get a signature now because I doubt he's going to be around much longer half. The tribe was a champions of died. How long do you reckon you're going to last Potter 10 minutes into the first task is my bet. Crabbe and Goyle calf odd sink of frantically, but my mouth we had to stop there because Haggard emerge from in the back of his cabin holding a teetering Tower of crates each containing a very large blast ended script. Yeah, I know right so much. About 10 feet of it you bet. Let's find out. Yeah, that's huge to the classes har Hagrid proceeded to explain that the reason the screws have been killing each other was an excess of pent-up energy and that the solution would be for each of the class to fix a leash on the Scruton ticket for a short walk. No. The only good thing about this plan and I can't read the book. I'm reading from China pages. The only good thing about this plan. Was that a distracted mouth way completely take this thing for a walk. He repeated in disgust staring at one of the boxes and where exactly were supposed to fix the leash around the Sting the blasting end of the sucker. round the middles that Hagrid demonstrating You might want to put on your dragonhide gloves just as an extra precaution. This this is extra precaution. Like how are you? Come here and help me with the big one. Hagrid's real intention. However was to talk to Harry away from the rest of the class. He waited until everyone else had set off with their scripts then turned to Harry and said very seriously. So you're competing Harry in the tournament School champion? One of the Champions had corrected him Hagrid's Beetle black eyes. Look, very anxious under his wild eyebrows. No idea who put you in for it Harry. You believe I didn't do it then said Harry concealing with difficulty the rush of gratitude. He felt it had words words course, I do Hagrid Quentin you say it wasn't you and I believe you and Dumbledore believes in Allah. Wish I knew who did do it at Harry bitterly the Paradigm looked out over the lon. The class was widely scattered now and all in great difficulty. The scripts were now over three feet long and extremely powerful no longer shell listen colorless. They had developed a kind of thick grayish shiny armor. They look like a cross between giant scorpions and elongated crabs, but still without recognizable heads or eyes. They become immensely strong very hard to control. Looks like they're having fun. Don't they Haggard said happily Harry assumed he was talking about the scripts because his classmates certainly weren't every now and then with an alarming bang. One of the screwed sends would explode causing me to shoot forward several yards and more than one person was being dragged Along on their stomach trying desperately to get back on their feet. I don't know how I don't know Harry Hagrid side suddenly looking back down at him with a worried expression. In Space School Champion everything seemed to happen to you. Doesn't it? Harry didn't answer. Yes, everything did seem to happen to him that was more or less for her money at said as they'd walked around the link and that was the reason according to her that Ron was no longer talking to him from said the next few days were some of Harry's worst at Hogwarts the closest he had ever come to feeling like this had been during those months in his second year when a large part of the school had suspected him of attacking his fellow students, but Ron had been on his side then you know these buttons say that's support Cedric Diggory the real Hogwarts Champion know and it was that was that one over there. Say what do you hear me the first word? Potter stinks Malfoy's big mouth for me those let's find out or maybe Hufflepuff, but maybe maybe Hufflepuff Nagisa have a puff is not like the fact that Harry's stealing subject spotlight. The Ron had been on his side. Then he thought he could have coped with the rest of the school's Behavior if he could just have had run back as a friend, but he wasn't going to try and persuade run to talk to him. If Ron didn't want to nevertheless. It was lonely with dislike pouring in on him from all sides. He could understand the hufflepuffs attitudes, even if he didn't like it. They had their own Champion to support he expecting nothing less than vicious insult from slytherins. He was highly unpopular there and always had been as if as he had helped Gryffindor beat them, so often both at quidditch and inter-house Championship, but he had hoped the ravenclaw's might have found it in their hearts to support him as much as Cedric he was wrong. However, most ravenclaw's seemed to think he had been he'd been desperate to Himself a bit Morphine by tricking the goblin to accepting his name. Then there was the fact that Cedric look the part of a champion so much more than he did exceptionally handsome with a straight nose dark hair and gray eyes. It was hard to say who was receiving more admiration these days Cedric or Viktor Krum. How are you actually saw the same stick to your girls who have been so Keen to get crumbs autograph begging Cedric's assigned their schoolbags one lunchtime. Meanwhile, there had been no reply from serious head week was refusing to come anywhere near him. Mr. Trelawney was predicting his death even more certainty than usual and he did so bad at summoning charms and Professor flipbooks class. He was given extra homework. The only person to get any apart from Nevel. Do you know what it's summoning charm doesn't somebody is when you summon something you call it to you. So if I were to want that book over there and I use the something charm it would come flying to me. And how he's trying to learn how to do that charm. You just can't do it. It's really not that difficult Harry. Did you something times over there? It's really not that difficult Harry Hermione tried to reassure him as they left. It works class. She been making objects using the force both of ours exactly. Like when Lucas hanging upside down in the Whoppers cave and he makes the lightsaber come to him uses the force to summon the lightsaber to him. It's really not that difficult to Harry Hermione tried to reassure him as they left Olympics class. She had to making objects Zoom across the room to her all lesson as though she was some sort of weird magnet for board dusters Waste Paper baskets and Luna Scopes. You just weren't concentrating properly. Wonder why that was that Harry Darkly. I said her degree walk past surrounded by a large group of simpering girls all of whom looked at Harry as though he were particularly large. And it's fruit still never mind it double potions. Look forward to this afternoon. Double potions was always a horrible experience. But these days it was nothing short of torture being shut in the dungeon for an hour and a half with Snape and the slytherins all of whom seem determined to punish Harry's much as possible for daring to become School Champion was about the most unpleasant thing Harry could imagine he already struggled through one Friday's worth with Hermione sitting next to him and toning ignore them ignore them ignore them under her breath. And you couldn't see why today would be any better when he and Hermione arrived outside sneaks dungeon later after lunch. They found the slytherins waiting outside each and every one of them wearing a large badge at the front of their his or her robes for one of our momentary. Thought they were spe W badges. Then he then he saw they all bore the same message and luminous red letters that burned brightly in the didn't lie underground Passage. Support Cedric Diggory the real Hogwarts champion. Who is this one? You'll find out this like them Potter said enough with loudly as Harry approached and this isn't all they do. Look he pressed his badge into his chest and the message upon it vanished to be replaced by another one which glowed green and it said part of stinks the slytherins howl with laughter each of them press. Badges to until the message Potter stinks was shining brightly all around Harry. He felt the heat rise in his face and neck. Oh very funny Hermione said sarcastically to Pansy Parkinson and her gang of Slytherin girls who were all laughing harder than anyone real witty. Ron was standing against the wall with Dean and Seamus. He wasn't laughing but he wasn't sticking up for Harry either one Granger said Malfoy. Want one Granger said Malfoy holding on a badge to Hermione. I've got loads but don't touch my hand. Now. I've just washed it you see don't want a mudblood sliming it up. Some of the anger how you been feeling for days and days seem to burst through a dam in his chest. He had reached for his wand before he thought what he was doing people all around them scrambled out of the way backing down the corridor. Harry Hermione said warningly go on then Potter not voice that quietly drawing out his own wand mood. He's not here to look after you now do it if you've got the guts. For a split second, they looked into each other's eyes. Then at the exact same time both acted for no Gillis. Harry yelled that a swag. Yo screen Malfoy Jets of light shot from both wands hit each other in midair ricocheted off at Angles. Harry's hit oil in the face and Malfoy's had Hermione goyal bellowed and put his hands to his nose or great ugly boils were springing up Hermione when friggin Panic was clutching her. Mouth Hermione, Ron had run forward to see what was wrong with her. Harry turned and saw her on dragging her. My knees hands away from her face. It wasn't a pretty sight. Hermione's front teeth already larger than average. We're now growing at an alarming rate. She was looking more and more like a beaver as her teeth elongated past her bottom lip to towards her chin panic-stricken. She felt and let out of terrified cry. And what is all this noise about set of soft deadly voice sneap had arrived the slytherins clamored to give their explanations sneak pointed a long yellow finger at Malfoy and said explain. Potter attacking me sir. We text each other at the same time Harry shouted and and he hit coil look sneap examined goyal whose face now resembled something that would have been at home in a book on poisonous. Fungi Hospital Wing goyal. Steve said calmly mouth. We got Hermione. Ron said look, he forced her my need to show snap her teeth. She was doing her best to hide them with her hands, but this was difficult as they were now grown down past her collar pansy Parkinson. The other Slytherin girls were doubled up with silent Eagles pointing at Hermione from behind Steve's back. Snape look cold it Hermione then said I see no difference. Hermione let out of whimper her eyes filled with tears she turned on her heels and ran ran all the way up the corridor and out of sight. It was lucky perhaps that both snap and Harry started shouting at I'm sorry. It's lucky. Perhaps the both Harry and Ron started shouting and snap at the same time lucky their voices echoed so much in the stone Corridor for in the confusing didn't it was impossible for him to hear exactly what they were calling him. He got the gist. However, Let's see. He said his silkiest voice 50 points from Gryffindor and a detention each for Potter and Weasley now get inside our it'll be a week's worth of detentions. Does that seem fair? He's loading doesn't get any points away. Yeah, that's not fair at all. Is it? Yeah, that's pretty mean a snake to say when he saw Hermione's teeth are so long. They wrote down to hear. He's like I see no difference. can somebody has big buck teeth and he was like doesn't mean thing to say to her like And he's like, um kind of means like um, so what happened was? I mean he was saying look at her teeth are so big any way that they look normal the way that she had them and she did help she needs to go to the hospital Wing to Harry's ears were ringing the Injustice of it made him want to curse snake into a thousand slimy pieces. He passed Snape walked with walking with Walkers run to the back of the dungeon and slammed his bag down on the table. Ron was shaking with anger to for a moment. It felt as though everything was back to normal between them. But then Ron turned and sat down with Dean and Sheamus instead leaving Harry alone at his table on the other side of the dungeon. Now if we turned his back on Snape and pressing his badge smirking. And pressed his batch smirking Potter stinks flashed once more across the room. Harry sat there staring at Snape as the lesson began picturing horrific things happening to him. If only he knew how to do the cruciatus curse. He have sneaked flat on his back like that spider jerking and twitching and to dotes said Snape looking around at them all his cold black eyes glittering. Unpleasantly, you should all have prepared your recipes now you shouldn't say cuchillo. Well, that's an unforgivable curse. You do the a cushy Otis curse you go straight to Azkaban for the rest of your life. But he's so mad at him. He's doing just imagining how butter be like to do with foam. He's definitely should not do it though. It's possible. Could you not only know the right words for it does more than just staying right where that guess is also about how to move his wand and everything. You shouldn't antidotes of Snape you should all have prepared your recipes now. I want you to brew them carefully and then we will be selecting someone on whom to test one snakes eyes. Met Harry's and Harry knew what was coming Snape was going to poison him Harry. Imagine picking up his cauldron and sprinting to the front of the class and bring it down on Snips greasy head. And then a knock on the dungeon door bursts in on Harry's thoughts. It was Colin creevey. He edged into the room beaming at Harry. I walked up to Snips desk at the front of the room. Yes said sneak curtly please sir. I'm supposed to take Harry Potter upstairs. Snip stared down his hooked nose at Colin who smile faded from his figer face Potter has another hour of potions to complete said sneak coldly. He will come upstairs in this class is finished. Colin went pink sir, sir. Mr. Beckman wants him. He said nervously all the Champions have got to go. I think they want to take a photograph. How are you would have given anything everything he anything he owned has stopped Collins saying those last few words. He chance to have a look have a glance at Ron but Ron was staring determinedly at the stealing. Very well very well. Snap. Snapt Potter leave your things here. I want you back down here later to test your antidote. Please sir. He's got to take his things with him. Squeak Colin all the Champions very well said Snape Potter take your bag and get out of my sight Harry swung his bag over his shoulder got up and headed for the door as he walked through the Slither and deaths Potter stinks flashed at him from every direction. It's amazing. Isn't it? Harry said Colin starting to speak the moment Harriet close the dungeon door behind him, isn't it though you being champion? Yeah, really amazing said Harry heavily as I said off towards the steps into the entrance hall. What do they want photos for Colin the daily Prophet? I think great said Harry darling Oh great. Just wait. Oh, she's just not going to like in the profit baby profit. She's not going Rita Skeeter. Yes, she's not going to drop it. Let's find out there taking pictures for the prophet. Grates and Harry darling exactly what I need more publicity. Good luck said Colin when they had reached the right Mom right room. How are you knocking on the door and entered he was in a fairly small classroom. Most of the deaths have been pushed away to the back of the groom leaving a large space in the middle three of them. However, I had been placed end to end in front of the Blackboard and covered the length of velvet. Five chairs have been set behind the Velvet covered desks and Ludo bagman was sitting in one of them talking to a witch Harry never seen before who is wearing magenta robes. Viktor Krum was standing moodily in the corner as usual and not talking to anybody Cedric and floor were in conversation floor looked a good deal happier than Harry had seen her so far she kept throwing back her head so that her long silvery hair caught the light. Upon she man holding a large black camera, which was smoking slightly was watching floor out of the corner of his eye. Badman, suddenly spotted Harry got up quickly and Boundary for words here. He is Champion number for India come hair eaten in you come nothing to worry about. It's just the wand weighing ceremony. The rest of the judges will be here in a moment. Wand way Harry repeated nervously. We have to check that your wands are fully functional. No problems, you know as they're your most important tools in the tasks ahead said bagman the experts upstairs now with Dumbledore and then there's going to be a little photo shoot. This is Rita Skeeter. He added gesturing toward the which and magenta robes. She's doing a small there's Rita Skeeter. Why is she here? She's writing a little report for the daily profit for the newspaper. Does she write good things when she writes in the paper? No, no, she's always causing trouble. She's doing a small piece in the tournament for the daily Prophet. Maybe not that small Ludo said Rita Skeeter eyes on Harry. Her hair was set in an elaborate and curiously really pearls that can trust it oddly with her heavy jawed face. She wore jewelled spectacles the thick fingers clutching her crocodile skin handbag and it into inch nails painted crimson. remember color crimson is Yeah, it's like that. It's more red and pink. Hey back over here. Let's see want to lie in bed while I read. And lard are gonna be in the top bunk of the bottom bunk. All right, this is the page of the picture of Rita, Skeeter. Okay. I wonder if I could have a little word with Harry before we start she said the bagman but still gazing fixedly at Harry the youngest Champion, you know to add a bit of color certainly cried bagman. That is it. Harry has no objections said Harry Lovely said Rita Skeeter and in a second her Scarlet Talent fingers had hired had Harry's upper arm and surprisingly strong grip and she was steering him out of the room again and opening a nearby door. We don't want to be in there with all that noise. She said let's see. I guess this is a nice and cozy. It was the broom closet Harry stay with her. I know right? Look this is where like all the cleaning supplies are and stuff the brooms not the flying rooms with the sweeping brooms and the mops and the all the stuff that mr. Filch has to use the clean the the castle there in the broom closet. Let's see Harry stared at her come along dear. That's right. Lovely said we just Here again approaching yourself precariously upon an upturned bucket pushing Harry down onto a cardboard box and closing the door throwing them into darkness. Let's see. Now. She unsnapped her crocodile skin handbag and pulled out a handful of candles which seal it with a wave of her wanted magic into midair so they can see what they were doing. You won't mind Harry if I use a quick quotes quill that leaves me free to talk to you more normally, but what said Harry but readers Rita Skeeter smile widened Harry counted three gold teeth. She reached again into her crocodile bag and Drew out a long acid green quill and a roll of parchment, which he stretched out between them on the crate of mr. Mrs. Skewers all-purpose magical mess remover. She put the tip of the green quill into her mouth sucked it for a moment apparent relish and placed upright on the parchment where it stood balance on its Point quivering slightly. Yep comes it comes a testing. My name is Rita Skeeter daily Prophet reporter Harry looked down at the quill the moment Rita Skeeter had spoken. The green quill has started to scribble skidding across the parchment. Attractive blond Rita Skeeter 43 who's sat Savage quill has punctured many inflated reputations lovely said Rita Skeeter yet again, and she ripped off the top the top piece of parchment off crumpled it up and stuff it into her handbag. Now. She leaned towards Harry and said so hairy what made you decide to enter the Triwizard Tournament? I said, how are you again? But he was distracted by the quill even though he wasn't speaking it was dashing across the parchment and in its wake he could make out a fresh sentence an ugly scar souvenir of a tragic past this figures the otherwise Charming face of Harry Potter whose eyes ignore the quill Harry said Rita Skeeter firmly reluctantly Harry looked up at her instead. Now. Why did you decide to enter the tournament Harry? I didn't sit Harry. I Know how my name got in the Goblet of Fire. I didn't put it in there. Rita Skeeter raise one heavily pencilled eyebrow come now Harry. There's no need to be scared of getting into trouble. We all know you shouldn't really have entered it all but don't worry about that. Our readers love a rebel, but I didn't enter Harry repeated. I don't know who how do you feel about the tasks ahead said Rita Skeeter excited nervous. I haven't really thought yeah nervous. I suppose that Harry his inside squirmed uncomfortably as he spoke. Chickens have died in the past. Haven't they said Rita Skeeter briskly. Have you thought at all about that? Have you thought about that at all? Well, they say it's going to be a lot safer this year said Harry the quiz whizzed across the parchment between them back and forwards as those skating. Of course, you've looked death in the face before haven't you said Rita Skeeter watching him closely. How would you say that's affected. You said Harry yet again. Do you think that the trauma of your Might have made you Keen to prove yourself to live up to your name. Do you think that perhaps you were tempted to enter the trials or tournament? Because I didn't enters it Harry starting to feel irritated. Could you repeat your can you remember your parents at all said Rita Skeeter talking over him. No said Harry. How do you think they'd feel if they knew you were competing the Triwizard Tournament proud worried. Angry. Harry was feeling really annoyed. Now. How on Earth was he to know how his parents would feel if they were alive? He could feel Rita Skeeter watching him very intently frowning. He avoided her gaze and looked down at the words the quilt just written tears filled those startling green eyes, as our conversation turned to the parents. You can barely remember I have not got tears in my eyes at Harriet loudly. Before Rita could say another word the door of that broom closet was pulled open. Harry looked around blinking in the bright light Albus Dumbledore stood there looking down at both of them squashed into the cupboard Dumbledore cried Rita Skeeter with every appearance of delight, but Harry noticed that her quill in the parchment at suddenly vanish from the box of magical mess remover and Rita's clawed fingers for hastily snapping shut the clasp of her crocodile skin bag. How are you? She said standing up and holding out one of her large Minish hands to Dumbledore. I hope you saw my piece over the summer about the international Confederation of wizards conference. Hayden chanting Lee nasty said Dumbledore his eyes twinkling. I particularly enjoyed your description of me as an obsolete dingbat. Rita Skeeter didn't look remotely abashed. I was just making the point that some of your ideas are a little old-fashioned Dumbledore and that many Wizards on the street. I will be delighted to hear the reasoning behind the rudeness Rita said Dumbledore with a courteous bow and a smile but I'm afraid we will have to discuss the matter later the weighing of the was about to start and it cannot take place if one of our Champions is hidden in a broom closet. Very glad to get away from Rita Skeeter. How are you hurried back to the room. The other Champions are now sitting in chairs near the door and he sat down quickly next to Cedric looking up at the velvet-covered table where four of the five judges were now sitting Professor karkaroff Madame Maxine. Mr. Crouch and Rue du BAC ninh Rita Skeeter settled herself down in a corner. Harry saw her slip the parchment out of her bag again spread it on her knee suck the end of her quick quotes quill and place it once more on the It may I introduce? Mr. Ollivander The Dumbledore taking his place at the judge's table and talking to the Champions. Remember? Mr. Ollivander Reyes? Who is he? He's the one who calls Ginny Weasley. Will Percy Weasley pussies the wetherby Weatherby, that is Barty Crouch. Mr. Crouch. Mr. Ollivander shop. That's right. He will be checking your bonds to ensure that they are good condition before the tournament. Harry looked around with a jolt of surprise saw an old wizard with large pale eyes than in quietly by the window. Harry had met mr. Ollivander before he was the one maker from whom Harry had bought his own wand over three years ago and died in a lie. Numbers. Well Delacour may we please could you I'm sorry Mademoiselle Delacour could we have your Ford first pleased that mr. Ollivander stepping into the empty space in the middle of the room. Fleur Delacour swept over to mr. Ollivander and handed him her wand. Hmm. He said he twirled the one between his long fingers like a baton and an admitted number of pink and gold sparks. Then he held a close to his eyes and examined it carefully. Yes. He said quietly nine and a half inches in flexible Rosewood and containing dear me and everyone's he head of a Vilas and floor. One from my grandmother's so floor was part of Vila thought Harry. Did you hear that? I know Forest Park Vila making a mental note to tell Ron then he remembered that Ron wasn't speaking to him. Yes that mr. Ollivander. Yes. I've never used Villa hair myself. Of course. I find it makes for a rather temperamental bonds. However to each his own and if this Suits You Mr. Ollivander ran his fingers along the wand apparently checking for scratches are bumps that he muttered Orchard dais and a bunch of flowers burst from The Wanted very well very well. It's in fine working order said Mr. Ollivander scooping up the flowers and handing them to floor with a wand. Mr. Diggory your you next floor glided back to her seat smiling at Cedric as he passed on now, this is one of mine, isn't it said Mr. Ollivander with much more enthusiasm as You're handed over his wand. Yes. I remember it. Well containing a single hair from the tail of a particularly fine male unicorn must have been 17 hands nearly gourd me with his horn after I pluck this Dale 12 and a quarter inches Ash pleasantly springy. It's in fine condition you treat it regularly polished it last night's at such a grinning Harry looked down at his own wand. He could say finger marks all over it. He gathered a Fistful of rope from his knee and tried to rub it clean suit surreptitiously several gold Sparks shot out of the end of it Fleur Delacour gave him a very patronizing look and he'd assisted. Mr. Ollivander sent a stream of silver smoke rings across the room from the tip of Cedric wand pronounced himself satisfied and then said, mr. Crumb if you please Viktor Krum got up and slapped round-shouldered and duck-footed toward. Mr. Ollivander. Yep. There he is. He thrust his wand out and stood scowling with his hands in the pockets of his robe. Hmm said Mr. Ollivander. This is a gregorovitch creation. Unless I'm much mistaken. I'll find Wanamaker though The Styling is never quite what I however, he lifted the wand and examined it minutely turning it over and over before his eyes. Yes, one being and dragon heartstring. He shut it Chrome who nodded rather thicker than Usually sees quite rigid 10 and a quarter inches Avis the hornbeam one let out a blast like a gun and a number of small twittering birds flew out the end of it and through the open window into the watery sunlight. Good said Mr. Ollivander handing from back his wand which leaves mr. Potter. How are you got to his feet and walked past from to mr. Ollivander. He handed over his wand. Oh, yes. Mr. Ollivander his pay Eli's suddenly gleaming. Yes. Yes. Yes how well I remember. Harry could remember to he could remember it as though it happened yesterday four summers ago on his 11th birthday. He had entered mr. Ollivander shot with hybrid to buy a wand. Mr. Ollivander had taken his measurements and then started handing him wants to try harried wave what felt like everyone in the shop until at last he had found the one that suited him this one which was made of Holly 11 inches long contained a single feather from the tail of a phoenix. Mr. Ollivander been very surprised that Harry had been so compatible with this wand curious. He said I'm very curious. He said that before the wand shop. That's he said he's not saying it now Harry's remembering what it what had happened remember why it was so curious because that's brother Phoenix Feather was involved with Squad exactly. How are you? Mr. Ollivander explain the phoenix feather and Harry's Wanted come from the same bird that is supplied. The core of Lord Voldemort's hired never shared this piece of information with anybody. He was very fond of his wand. And as far as he was concerned its relation to Voldemort's wand was something he couldn't help rather as he couldn't help being related to Aunt Petunia. However, he really hope that mr. Ollivander wasn't about to tell the room about It had a funny feeling reading Skeeters quick quotes quilo might just explode with excitement if you did. Mr. Ollivander spent much longer examining Harry's wand that anyone else has eventually however, he made a fountain of wine shoot out of it and handed it back to Harry announcing that it was still in perfect condition. Thank you. Also Dumbledore standing up to the judge's table. You may go back to your lessons now or perhaps it would be quicker just to go down to dinner as they are about to end feeling that it lasts. Something had gone right today. Harry got up to leave but the man with the black camera jumped up and cleared his throat votos Dumbledore votos of side photos. Dumbledore photos cried fagin excitedly all the judges and champions. What do you think Rita? Yes, let's do those first and Rita Skeeter whose eyes were. Harry again and then perhaps some individual shots the photographs to the long time Madam Maxine cast everyone else into Shadow wherever she stood and the photographer couldn't stand far far enough back to get her into the frame eventually she just had to sit while everyone else stood around her karkaroff kept twirling his goatee around his finger to give it an extra curl crumb who Harry would have thought would have been used to this sort of thing sculpt half-hidden at the back of the group The photography and keenness to get floor at the front but Rita Skeeter kept hurrying forward and dragging Harry integrate Harry into greater prominence over this what's this Yeah, let's let's let's hold on. Let's just focus on finishing this cuz my back my phone's about to die. Then she insisted on separate shots of all the Champions at last they were free to go. Harry went down to dinner Hermione wasn't there he supposed she was still in the hospital when having her teeth fixed. He ate alone at the end of the table then returned to Gryffindor Tower thinking of all the extra work on some new charms that he had to do up in the dormitory. He came across Ron You've had an owl's around brusquely the moment. He walked in he's pointing at Harry's pillow the school Barn hours waiting for him there. Oh, right and Harry and we've got to do a detentions tomorrow night Snips dungeons had Fran that he walked straight out of the room not looking at Harry for a moment Harry considered going after him. He wasn't sure whether he wanted to talk to him or hit him both seem quite appealing but the lure of serious answer was too strong very strong. Go to the barn owl took the letter off its leg unrolled it Harry. I can't say everything. I would like to in a little in a letter. It's too risky in case the owl is intercepted. We need to talk face-to-face. Can you ensure that you are alone by the fire and Gryffindor Tower at one o'clock in the morning on the 22nd of November. I know better than anyone that you can look after yourself while you're around and while you're on Dumbledore and booty. I don't think anyone will be able to hurt you. However someone Seems to be having a good try entering you into that tournament would have been a very very risky, especially under Dumbledore's knows Beyond watch Harry. I still want to hear about everything as well hear about anything on you that Beyond watch Harry. I still want to hear about anything unusual. Let me know about the 22nd of Embers as quickly as you can serious. How's it going to see serious? Gryffindor common room how serious can do that? It seems dangerous. All right. That's that very for that. Yes, you don't have the next chapters called Dragon Tattoo. Definitely Dragon chapter. It's called Hungarian horntail. because the Chinese fireball what are the other one has lots of good dragon pictures in this chapter it's not in this chapter all right well we can read that chapter soon Dragon chapters upon us all right hop into bed the dragons but hasn't had the dragon that I want yeah well we're gonna get to that Dragon very very soon don't you worry Good night. Reading Harry Potter with a four and a half year old is brought to you by anchor. Have you ever thought of starting a podcast? It can be intimidating, but luckily there's anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. It's a One-Stop shop for recording editing Distributing and monetizing your podcast and you don't need a lot of expensive recording equipment you do it all from your phone or your computer and best of all, it's 100% free anchor will distribute your podcast to all the major podcast platforms for you. And if you like you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you Something to say download the anchor app, but go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and now back to reading Harry Potter with a four and a half year old. If you've been enjoying our podcast Please Subscribe and please consider taking the time to leave a rating or review. You can also follow us on Facebook at facebook.com slash reading Harry Potter and on Instagram at reading Harry Potter our reach us via email at reading Harry Potter podcast at gmail.com. We're reading the Harry Potter Illustrated editions, which are beautifully illustrated by Jim Kay and which I can't recommend highly enough every single page is a work of art and these Illustrated additions are a really wonderful way to share the adventure with the young witches. And wizards in your life, although honestly, if I didn't have kids I would still own these books. You can pick them up whenever you buy your books, and please support small independent booksellers where you can thank you and thanks for listening.