Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up Christian are you doing?But this week we have three very special guests from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous. So what's up guys? How you doing? Pretty good excited to be here. This is fun. Yeah got a lot to go over today. It's a little bit weird not having Christian here, but we'll be doing just fine. First of all, I'd like to thank all the new listeners we put this podcast up on Spotify recently and so far we have 73 plays and an estimated audience size of 18. So thanks everyone 73. Yeah for The listeners are in this room. Yeah. Yeah listen to it twice though. Yeah, I think it I think it actually like takes into account the same people listening to it. Oh, yeah, but uh, Yeah, let us know if you like our new cover art to I don't know if it's going to show up on Spotify. But that was only pertain who put that up there. Thanks, Owen any suggestions you guys have you can always email the Pod that reminds me. Our email is the not so serious POD at gmail.com put literally any thought you have into that at any point during the day. So you guys just want to take turns and introduce yourselves a little bit. Fish sure Matt Fisher Lehigh student from San Francisco, California little West Coast representation. Dang. That's funny. My name is also Matt Fisher just kidding. My name is Martina. I also go to Lehigh and I'm from Pennsylvania, PA. We love that. Nicole I'm from Long Island, the greatest date ever Long Island is not a state. Yeah. And now if anyone out there is from Long Island, but shout out crochet. Yeah. Grow Senator mom later than her mom will be from Long Island. Yes Roche Tina's born and raised my mother. Um, so yeah, there's a little bit nervous sending the Pod out into the world. But uh, Here we are. No regrets were just going to keep doing it like you got good feedback. Yeah, a lot of good feedback. Oh, I wanted to shout out Sid Brannon. So she's definitely our most stoked listener getting positive vibes from her made me feel so good because she's been crying a lot about it. She's been crying. Oh, yes, we can verify that she really it touches her heart. He's quite invested. Well, what was she saying about it? Just the what? I'm thankful for a segment really got her thinking she loved it. Yeah, I will do that a little bit later. Yeah, so guys crazy weekend Patriots. First of all, Nicole you want to give us a little recap of your races my God, it was quite stressful. I was in the 4x8 on Saturday and I don't run 800 very much because I don't know. I got a little bit I got soccer legs. So, you know, I'm going for the long distance and I was the first leg and you know those Army and Navy girls are just Act out of their minds. So I was hauling ass whacking my legs as fast as they would go whack move those legs. Mmm. Yeah. Patriots is definitely kind of like an Army-Navy dual meet are so freaking good, but it was good. We came in third. It was me to Elise Haley's to marry to Jade and Jade of freaking animal who kills it at the end. So she saves us so then and then that day was over. And then we had to wake up and do it again on Sunday. And then we came in second for the DMR and I was my gosh. I was getting chased down in the mile. Yeah, that was a crazy race. I I was like out of body experience every I was coming around every lap staring at that waiting for her to tell me what to do as if something would be different other than just wrong. Yeah. That was like worst case scenario. I always get so nervous when I'm going to relay. Yeah anchor leg and you get handed it in first. That was probably like everyone's biggest nightmare. Yeah. It's like if you don't win the race, then you finish like behind where you got the Baton so stress can only go down. You can't go up. But great time great experience is on the podium can't complain. My parents came to Patriot League Metals congrats. Thank you. Thank you and oh my God it the atmosphere. So we had it in Lehigh's track friend of you listeners who did track in high school you probably ran there and it's like small and not banked. so it's kind of like It's a subpar track to do a championship on but the atmosphere was wild because it's so small and so during those realize they're just people lining the track all the way around. So that was really fun to watch and then what any other highlights from Patriots? Kyle salt pretty good meat but he ended up finishing for the he got fourth place, but he broke 5,000 points in the heptathlon. That was that it's really big. Yeah, he's been trying to do that for a while. Hmm and then do we know the men's and women's like overall? I forget what were the men we got fourth. So did the women 13 points behind Buck now Mmm Yeah where his neck and neck with buck now, we'll get em next year for sure. Again, man Outdoors which were starting already? Yeah. I wish we had more time we get no time off. We got a day Matt and I have been on the injury grind This indoor season. So we were not competing at Patriots but Redemption Outdoors comeback season. Yep going to lay it down in the steeple. You got any plans? Lay it down and everything. Yeah, I don't actually like that. Hopefully is going to peak in the pole vault the spray coming together. That's the plan and plan. Nice. Nice. I don't think I could ever do pole vault. It's too scary Martina. You have any Patriot League highlights? Um, oh Jade sessions sessions third in the my Lord in the mile. We love you Jade Godsey race. And that was after running a 501 just to qualify for the final heat. Very impressive. Yeah, some good 5K some good 3ks pretty fun to watch and then of course. As soon as Patriot leaks was over don don. Don, BMP. He season baby dry season over wet season began. The drought has ended. Yeah for those that don't know being P stands for beer and pizza patent copyright founded by Michael or that whole house. These are Elise all them. Well, the the first original one way. Back in like last year freshman year, isn't me Michael? I don't even think at least was there Julia AKA Opie's I wasn't there Avery wasn't there. I work Matt's was there really hmm? Oh shit. What's that sound? It was fun. We all just basically sit around played biryeo cart. Get shit-faced. It's like a pregame before the pregame. Yeah, it starts at about like three or four. Yeah. And so we started that yeah right after the meet. We were all very excited for that. Definitely good memories. Definitely the fastest way to black out it wasn't the usual Vibes. But yeah seems like the more intimate bmps are crazier, but we were just very Because we had gone three weeks of nothing. So we really spread the word just through. like incidentally I feel yeah, but it was fine. Yeah, and then that we went snowboarding and skiing. We had a dank Monday night. We just said screw it. We're going to the slopes 20 now. It was actually $33 tickets for night skiing was like how many hours did like two hours? Yeah a little over two. Yeah, it's from like four to nine. I guess you get with the Night tickets. I don't think fish is very impressed with the scene though. No, thanks. No. Thanks. Big nations were low. So it was a good toes. But I think yeah, I think compared to anything on the west coast. Yeah fishes used to those big mountains on the west coast. So, you know East Coast we have we have good skiing to offer. It's just not 30 minutes away. It's up in Killington here. Yeah, so I tried to keep fishes expectations low so that blue And would seem impressive through him anywhere that I can ski is not a good mountain. Yeah, if I can make it down alive, it's not that good. Yeah, it was about top to bottom. What would you say like four minutes? I got in like a song that start of the next song. Oh, yeah. So right about form and that was what we were doing we were it was like it was a nice little evening. We were just chatting on the way up on the ski lift and then in went the are Just trying to cultivate that Vibe on the way down nice and friendly on the way up all business when we got home to see ya music on time to shred. Yeah. Just trying to shred some Gnar on the way down except Fisher only has one working are pot. Yeah. Yeah, it's unfortunate. Dude. Who sold you those odds, dude. I'm an asshole. Jerk. Who is it? It was me. You don't I told them your old I are pod for how well I lost my are pods and then I bought are pods from someone who sells are pods that he steals and one of them didn't work and then I found my old are pods and sold Fisher the broken ones. How much you make off of them? What was the deal again? I gave you 35 and then if you ever lose your pods I said you could buy them back for 35. No questions asked nice. Wow, that was before I lost that one yesterday. You lost the pear pod. I think so Ohama, sir in your car you all some on our on our ski trip possible. In a little too hard hit a little bit too hard. It was nice on the slopes. Yeah. Oh my God, the weather was so nice on Monday. Beautiful day is like a spring day. All right, I think we should do some email questions. Now. What do you guys think good idea? I don't know. I've been asking people to email and I'm very happy that people have been If there's any of them directed towards Christian in particular will wait until next week. Archana cancer form, right? I'm probably pretty similar polished. Hey Christian. All right, Martina can be new Christian. All right. Guess we should just start. Oh, no that once it's Christian. All right. This one is an interesting one. Colin Anderson what up, dude what it says quick question. How long would it take for giraffe to throw up? Could they pull trig? It just seems like a decently long progress process to Yak up with that neck also protect the Scorpions signed engine trying to be anonymous and send as email with his name. No warm-up question. We're going no raid for the hard hitter. Yeah, we're diving deep Trading. Oh my God, so I think Nicole and I could take this one. Sometimes we compare ourselves to giraffes hitting each other with our necks. Like that's where you and I fight sometimes, you know, it's a nice metaphor. I think that if the giraffe was like Nicole they could pull trig. Well, Martina gets very disgusted at the fact that a human is able to make themselves throw up. I haven't thrown up since the fourth grade. So I think if I were a giraffe I just went throw up but Nicole has a lot of force behind it and could probably empty her entire stomach. Well like the other day I had this kid Harry on our team give me hot sauce. And it was obviously really hot and I'm chugging milk afterwards and then I get back to my room feeling like absolute crap and my stomach's full of whole milk because there was no more 2% left and I Is pulled trig and if I felt so much better after and Martina, I'm like throwing up in the bathroom and Martinez, like what are you doing in there? Like had no idea what was going on and I told her and she looked at me like I was a freaking crackhead. Yeah, it was appalled. So like I don't see how giraffes gonna do this just because how's it going to get its little hoof? Now the dangly part I agree because the throw where do you think the dangly part is at the top of the neck or at the bottom of the neck the top but still its neck is like think out all it is. Yeah, that's true. I think how long would it take though if you could put a number so if it's just throwing up, yeah if they got something stuck in their throat or well II maybe they had like one too many white Claus. I don't do it good question call and I hope hope we were helpful. Don't dress up like blue tongues. Yeah, they do purple purple same difference giraffe is a dank animal. I must say also protect the Scorpions, of course, does that mean not sure, uh the scorpion scorpion for sure. Thank you Scorpio know you're a Scorpio your Virgo know I'm a Scorpio Libra November 12th cancer, I like this one's for you said Leo November November. Look for AA. All right from Owen pétain. What up, dude? What is your take on Modern fashion? What are people wearing around campus? What are people wearing? Two parties what things give your attention when people wear them do most people wear a hoodie and sweatpants and leggings most days and what do International students where we got a lot of international students at Lehigh and they they're straight dripping every day. They were in like those chunky issues. Yeah, like Balenciaga. I think that's a fashion brand. You people are some stupid stuff nowadays. Yeah. I'm stupid outfits. I'm more of like a Vans jeans and a sweatshirt guy on The Daily. He is one thing Nicole and I tried to do is match for a week and see if anyone noticed we didn't do it. And so then nobody notice we did it for like two to it. And then we told everyone basically because we can't keep her mouth shut. So then everyone that probably would have noticed already knew the plan. Hmm, so that was short-lived, but you should try to do that again. We very we don't have like much clothes though. If you're listening act surprised, when oh, yes do it next week on top. Oh, yeah, everyone knows now because everyone listens to the Pod course Lehigh's most popular podcasts do people wear. What do you call them flannels a lot like the dudes at parties so out of flannels. It's a very safe cannot to oh Kyle social final file Shawn Brown on Riley All into the flannels they leave from the same house and they act surprised when they get there. They're hatching like did you walk out the door together? Yeah, I mean a flannels like, okay. I'm trying to look good but like not trying too hard. Yeah. I'm not trying too hard. I'm still chilling. I like a flannel. I won't lie. And yeah and Martinez the type of person to dress up for class everyday everyday. Oh my God, she'll have sports med and still be walking out the door and like her jeans and a nice outfit just to change in our later. Oh, yeah. Yeah, very good tight. I've started dressing up better for class freshman year. I was definitely just like sweatpants or sweatshirt whatever clothing I could put on. But uh, I've kind of upped the ante a little bit with that. I can't dress down I get too distracted if I'm not dressed yet. What do you do when you have sweatpants on to distract? I just like chill a little too much, you know slump in your chair a bit Yeah. Fish has that problem - yeah. I were pajamas a lot the class washer actually. Did you only have like six Circles of yeah nice. Other are the parents stopped by recently. Yeah, we did go shopping went to the outlets was want to Target. Nice got some stuff. I heard there was some fire deals at the outlets straight fire rated. Nice so good. All right. Next question. Oh I wanted to do the one from Brittany. She wanted to get a little bit existential if you guys are ready for that right curtains. Yep. No, Britney Spears. Yeah pretty crazy. Hello, I've provided some existentialist Food For Thought talk about it. Maybe if you want. All right, let's just dive in then is the idea that none of this matters a concept. I often promote scary or freeing. Whoa, is it optimistic pessimistic or realistic? Whoa, she's dropping bombs right now. And yeah, also along that same vein. Do you think these are ideas are cynical or yeah, what's your guys take on that? None of this really matters. I don't think that's true in the long run. I guess it matters to us which means it does matter like if you're saying that and that's what your motto is going by your whole life then. Then like what's the point? Oh my God. I don't like this topic nug. What's the point of anything? Nicole is the decisions that we make in the life that we make will affect other generations to come keep yourself that because if nothing mattered then we wouldn't have we wouldn't have knowledge of history and things not only you know, my great grandparents names. Well, that's like a you problem kind of Brittany don't I agree. That's a Nicole problem Brittany. Yeah, she she put in here that she's definitely promoting none of this matters, but technically yes and the grand scheme like a million years from now billion years from now. Well matter nothing we do. So then why is that? Why do I get bitched out for not recycling in the room all the time. It's a good question the point and there's like a million because it because that's what that would go back to what Martinez said because the future Generations are counting on you to put that plastic water bottle in the recycling bin. Yeah, so it does matter that's all that's more of a near-future thing now than it ever used to pose. This isn't a shorter this might like effect. Do not recycling might affect you still in your life. Okay, this this might be a controversial topic but does religion fill the gaps that science can't and will the Need for religion dissipate as science continues to develop. you question our this is a burning question. Oh my gosh is this is some hard hitters, Brittany, but we appreciate most been procrastinating American pretty bringing the anchor I think religion used to be a good way for people to explain their world and the more we learn about science in the universe the less. We will have the need for religion. Yeah, I think I agree with that. But I also think that religion brings out a lot of good aspects in humans and yeah, yeah, there's there's also on the flip side of that certain things about religion that science won't be able to replace like definitely did ya like feel like religion just provides like at least with like Christianity and stuff. The whole idea of Heaven is just like a huge incentive to have like be a good person. Yes, like I feel like people need a reason to do good things sometimes and that was like Did you good then your gold? Yeah, I mean if everyone just operated off of straight science and there'd be a bunch of dickheads in the world religion definitely makes people like nicer and I actually think about their actions. I'm not a very religious person but I respect the grind. I got a shirt. It's nice. All right. Got a little bit too existential there. Hello. I hope my atheist friend Elise is listening. Elise is a atheist. Yeah, she claims to be. I think she's just lazy. I want also wants to know what are your guys sleep schedules like fish? Why don't you take this one? I got a lot of heat a lot of heat from my sleep schedule, especially from our roommate Vinny, which I find kind of absurd because I get just as much sleep as hell. I usually call it lights out around midnight 1:00 a.m. To I am if I'm working on something some of those big architecture projects. I don't have any super early classes this semester. So I've been waking up around 10, which was really nice. Do you like 10:45 everyday? Ya say? And then if I can I love to get a little nap in the afternoon either like right before practice or right after yeah, I've never really been a big Napper. I just wake up. So confused last year. We were big on that napkin and we were and took naps together. Yeah, it's never gonna forget you guys were roommates freshman year. Yeah. That was a the Golden Age. Yeah when I used to get invited over. So you like yeah, I mean like for example yesterday I was taking a nap and like I want to go to going to my nap with like a nice piece of mind, you know, so I'm not going to like check emails or check the groupies right before I take a nap. Yeah. So then what happened was I woke up two hours later and realized that I missed practice and that wasn't fun and I I told Coach that I was at a study session. So I had to do the workout today. But you know, everything works out. I guess definitely needed that nap after going out on Sunday after a long weekend. So did you not set your alarm or did you sleep through your alarm? I didn't think I would sleep that long. I didn't set an alarm at all. So I guess that was my be we might need to work on in the future. Dude. Kyle was so surprised last night that we went didn't go to bed till like what 130? Yeah, but now he was surprised that like 12 that we weren't asleep. Yeah, he goes you people stay up this late. Really Kyle top belly. I mean, it's like if your earliest glasses 10:45 you go to bed at to wake up at 10. That's eight hours after eight hours right there. Don't need much more of them. Vinny will be mad at us for sleep schedules and he's getting like six hours because he'll go to bed at 1 and wake up. Hella early. Yeah, just to read we're getting more sleep than him and still making it to class. I will do one more question and then get into the of the weeks as a ready. Fisher has been drawing a lot of tacos and by a lot I mean to and the he just picked up his second color pen to draw over three or talk to purple's in a green. Which would you eat? Oh, let's see how this green one turns out right now I go for this guy right here. Yeah, it's a good purple guy when I was little like Elementary School. I was really into drawing tacos. I do nothing to it. It's like in Superbad or Joan has had uh, Jonah Hill's really into drawing like penises on everything. There's just one stock. I was kind of the same to not you don't even ever seen them. Maybe never seen it. It's so funny. Don't worry, but it's go watch it. Anytime. All right. Now another good one from Owen. What are your top three favorite sauces? And what do you like to dip them and put them on solid? I know the answer just put this put some thought into this one. Well, I already did some honey barbecue you put that on some chicken wings. Honey mustard you put on like sandwiches and like chicken fingers and stuff. And then like some mango like chili sauce, you know, you put that on some wings. This is mango. Chili sauce. Yeah. Did you just make that up? No, you love your wings. Don't you my love wings? Chris you got an opinion. What type of sauce are we talking about dude? It's I think it's an open-ended question because I was making Penne alla Vodka. Yeah, that's good sauce favorite sauce of all time. Pesto sauce. Well, let's talk about is pesto pasta when he gets the right type of meat explain your dish to the world. So I cook up a nice pesto pasta with the rigatoni. Hmm like a fat Pane and when he says he does he means he did it twice in the past two weeks. Keep going. Yeah, there we go. So accounts and I usually do it with chicken and I like just cook it up in a pan on the stove, but we don't have a stove where we will have so I wanted to go by little rotisserie chicken, but I Waited until like 8:30 at night to do this. So store didn't have any chicken. So I ended up buying sliced smoked ham which I got on it hate for if it was really good and he still has leftovers in the fridge because it was that good. I forgot about the leftovers of and he's gonna yell at you. Yes. So, how was it good? It was fire. Yeah, the Slime of the ham didn't like interfere the boss. I never had a problem with the ham. I put that hand seems like it would be good sandwiches Bagel. Yeah, that's the problem. That's put it on sandwiches. You don't get it. Why can't I put it on pasta because it's pesto all over the place and because sandwiches are usually like, yeah, like a cold cut supposed to be cold on it. So did you heat it up then? He did it for 30 seconds, and then I tossed it in. A pasta and that heat up the rest of the way. Yeah, like folded it I think. Yeah afford it a couple times over and then sliced it up. It is ripped with your hands about Point as long as it was good. Dude. My I don't know about top three favorite. Well, the what's that stuff? They have it El jefe's the Chipotle Chipotle mayo. Pull a Mayo sauce slaps for sure. I get that every time on burritos. And then always been a fan of barbecue sauce. I put that on everything chicken. Steak, whatever barbecue sauce is going on it and then I don't know. What about teriyaki sauce? Oh, yeah. It's like teriyaki sauce. It's really a salty. Isn't it? Sometimes like I guess hydrated afterwards good homemade. Teriyaki sauce going. I don't mind like yeah like you got that. There are no no you have teriyaki chicken that was in the dinner occasion. Yeah, put it on some rice put it on some chicken. I hate balsamic vinegar. I love both Sami the smell. I love salt and vinegar chips, too. Yeah. I don't like the vinegar. Yeah. I feel like it's split throughout the population who like a lovely citizen who hated my brother. Mike goes like nuts for him. They're so good. But they feel like burn your mouth because there's so much vinegar. They don't burn it but like you feel it. Yeah, you feel it for the next few days. That's just wrong. They take off a taste buds. All right, let's let's get into the of the weeks. I know so you guys have the of the weeks prepared? No. Yes, you have them memorized off the top of your dumb. Yes come up with them as we go. Okay, not all of them. All right. So Nicole yoga last if you need time to think about it, but let's let's start off with animals a week. Oh, I have one. Okay, go for it. Okay. So Nicole and I in order to be here this morning. Well today went on a run this morning nine miles and we ran past we were running along the canal and we ran past this log that had a couple Turtles on it. So I thing so I decided that Turtles are my animal of the week. Wow, you really thought about this? Yeah. My brother also has like four turtles in his house right now, you know. I never go to see them but we do like turtles a lot of my family. I saw a turtle on my run to he's just showing in the canal Turtles are also the same Turtle named a chiller animal turtle turtles are so awesome. And I mean just a flatter Matt Fisher a little bit. I'll try this evening and I did decide that if Fisher were an animal he'd be a turtle the other day dude. He just be sitting in the session before. Clattering Turtles always been my favorite animal not like some bum turtle on a lake. I want to be out in the ocean. I want to be in Hawaii a sea turtle like in Finding Nemo Stoner to you would be the stoner turtle from Finding Nemo an animal right and the jet streams chilling on the beach at this rate. You're gonna have like like Gatorade plastic thing around your neck. Yeah Turtles were gone through a bit of a there in a dry. Spell we need to help them out would you lay? Shout out to the turtles. I don't know. I would consider it. Oh awesome. He's going to work on his career for for a little bit first and then you settle down later then. So then what is your animal of the week? My animal is also a seafaring animal. It is manta rays. Whoa, not stingrays. It's not the fuck's that took out Steve Irwin. You're gonna have to explain to me the difference between those Stingrays are usually smaller than manta rays and they have a tail that has a stinger on a they're pretty poisonous God my boy Steve Irwin. All right, right gone to sound but it's his children are doing good work. Yeah, they are aren't you? Yeah, like wonky. His kids know they're very charismatic. Okay, that's it. But manta ray is there like six or eight? Eight to nine feet wide probably their massive and they're just So Graceful over the summer me and my high school buddy were in Hawaii and we ended up swimming with a bunch. Well, and I was probably like the best experience of my life was so surreal. We did it at night too. I want to swim with some manta rays. Yeah. It was amazing. They were also in Finding Nemo. They took the kids to school right that the guy who yeah. Thanks. Oh that big The big I was like, oh, they're really scary because they're just so big and I have these massive mouths. I could just swallow you whole but so gentle so gentle so don't come off and brush against you accidentally swapped one cause I like turned around to say sorry because I thought I was my buddy. This is Amanda. Sorry bro still sets are so yeah. That's my animal the week. Nice matter is it's a salt that's a dope. Manimal I came up with like him. I was one go ahead. I feel like to give background to it. I've had a lot of tests this week and they were pretty rough. So I feel like you know when like you're fishing and there's you keep catching like that. Same stupid fish. I feel like that's the because he's tester so hard and I don't think supply chain was actually that bad today. Yeah. I thought it was fine. But like Yeah, like pretty immediate ochre animal that you like if it was gone, like people probably wouldn't notice like a sunny you're comparing this to you right now about trying to get deep but I'll first I was thinking of a minute in a minute rap and I was like, oh my God this fucking idiot like you see the problem going on like we were the library all night last night and we didn't do shit now. We didn't do shit. I mean, I don't regret it because I don't think it would enough would have made a difference. Well, that's good that you felt good about the test. Yeah. Yeah, but it is kind of like we see these tests coming and we're like all we got it, but then we know that we should definitely study every yelled at me 10 minutes before we're supposed to leave he goes. How are you gonna sit there and eat that big I was like, what do you want me to do right now? Well, I was like adding equations to formula sheet last minute. You're like, all right, it's very blessed me. I know those are so important. They were so important Avery added this one like last minute and he's like explaining it to me and I'm like, yeah, okay, and that was like a big portion of the test was doing it and I was like, I would have been so effed. I gave you like 30 extra points on that test. He did I owe you one. My animals a week is the mighty Mountain Hawk. Yes. Wow, that doesn't exist what they're not real a mountain Hawk is not a thing. All right. Well the Lehigh Mountain Hawk what if it's a peregrine falcon, then that's who I'm talking about. Well a falcon and the lives on a mountain. What do you call? Well, yeah like Mountain don't Welling what are those talks that we always see around campus? All right fine that I'm talking about a hawk. Okay straight up Hawk because we had it's this weekend like to see the energy and competitiveness within the attractive field Hawks but also because it's all Li Hai peeps here today. Oh, yeah, I'm sorry Moravian people. Yeah. Sorry. We're Superior. Do any Moravian people? Listen? Oh, I guess so probably Frank probably listens. Yo Frank. So Frank Frank wish your on here again today, but I hope you're having fun Frank. On last week. Oh Frank. Oh, I forget what he's doing for spring break. Hope he's all right. All right, next up of the weeks. We got movie. You guys do a movie. Yeah, or we could do song I have both. Well, you don't watch movies. I don't I know. It's sweet. It's just my favorite movie. Oh this time during this week, but I just watch it this way. What is it? Let's hear it the peanut butter Falcon. Oh Shia LaBeouf. Yes. I was it's an awesome movie about you watched it. Yeah, I watched it already with my mom at home. I waited a really long time because my mom and I wanted to watch it together. Yeah. It was really good. It's about a boy with Down Syndrome who wants to Come a professional wrestler and he escapes from the sort of like group home that he's living in and cross paths with Shia LaBeouf and then they become buddies. They try to get to this like WWE wrestling camp and the boys caretaker comes in along the way and tries to take them back and it's just a really cool movie. Yeah, I love chili. Yeah, he's come out with a few good movies American honey. And then also honey, boy are some recent ones. I've seen American honey, but not honey boy these all new movies. Then he like Fall Off the Grid. Yeah, but he's coming back. Yeah and his movies are good. He did that see a music video to you guys. See that know something don't you? He's in a cage. Yes. We saw a fish. You got a movie of the week. Yeah, so in honor of the new oo7 movie coming out and like a month or something. I've been watching some of the old ones I watch Skyfall the other day. That's I think it was the second most recent James Bond with Daniel Craig. Yeah, just a solid movie. Got a lot of good memories with that because I watch it with my grandpa. The first time that soundtrack is fire to all the James Bond soundtracks are straight fire. Yeah, that's one with Adele. I think yes. Yeah. That's a good movie played that very good song. Yeah. I'm super hyped for this next one. It's Daniel Craig's last performance. Isn't he like old as hell? Yeah, but he stole falling out who's killing it. Yeah. Thank God for the roids my movie of the week and maybe of my like young adult life is stepbrothers to who's that movie so good. That's so funny. That's just like my brothers and I probably watched a movie together over 10 times. My dad quotes the show on a it's so quotable. He quotes it on the phone when she has on speaker and out of context. It's like really bad, but then what is oh, well, he always close. He's like, are you rubbing her nuts my drums? I was gonna just like in the midst of conversation it will get silent for a second and he'll say a quote and he's like you better not have me on speaker phone and she's like I don't and I'm like sitting right next to it. She gets it. Yeah overall. Oh my gosh, that makes me when so this past week and when we came in third for the 4x8, have you seen Semi-Pro that movie? It's would like let's get tropical. So it's a Will Ferrell movie. It's really funny. I've heard of it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah, basically so they're trying to like they're going to get kicked out of their league. If they don't like we're enough games and have enough fans at like whatever. Yeah, I've seen that and so their whole goal during the season is to just get fourth place. So I start things my race I go over to my dad and he's like the place third place like Ending it like they do in the movie. I was like, thanks that So that would be so that's remainder of the week. Yeah, everyone give it a watch. It's very good. Will Ferrell also has a really funny movie called Land of the Lost. Have you guys seen Monica? Oh my God, that moves is so funny dude when he gets bit by the mosquito. Yeah, watch it. And the other guys you ever see ya. I just saw that last week. I'm so good name for the bushes. What was The Pimps name Gator Gator that stuff was cracking me up. Some cry fish we gotta watch Land of the Lost. He would love that movie Let's Do It? Um, all right, so let's move into song of the week. I'll go first. So I showed this song to Matt. He seemed to enjoy it fire song. It's it's a song that Jeff kirschenbaum. What up, dude showed me over. That's not guess it's either you Jeff Sticky Fingers bloating written surprise surprise something. It's a song. It's by glass animals. They actually have two good songs GUI and youth they're just like kind of like Jeff loves like stoner music. He does all good. Those Sticky Fingers to a really good so I've been popping of that song this week. We had a good playlist on the way up to the mountain. Yeah, we did. Yeah. What's your song of the week? So you actually introduced me to this song? I was like I guess beginning of this year last semester. Bad things Oh by milky chance on chance. Yeah if you chance yeah, I don't know finally fire song they sing. Oh, yeah such a good vibe. Mmm. Like that's my go-to. If I'm longboard and around campus. I'm tossing that on. Definitely I besides into it when we were skiing. It's it's a great like road trip type of song. Yeah, we were We were drunk one night and I don't know how but we had our skateboards with us and a portable speaker when you were drunk. Was it after hotels? Yeah. Oh it was that for hotels. We were like hosting a party. It was like it's a party where you're like each room is a certain theme and we were responsible for like the beach theme so we had our skateboards with us and our speaker. And we went up to Hawk's Nest which is like just this little late-night Eatery late-night Eatery and it's at like the top of the mountain on the topic campus. So then we decided to cruise back down to Broadhead after that a little bit tipsy and we we were we were straight Vibe and we had rum and cokes while she's at night. Yeah, we're going down easy. Yeah, we put little umph Was in them people people are loving it. I liked it. We have fire playlist for our room. Yeah, dude, Jack jaw. They actually Ronnie how like a drink and everyone's hand in like seconds. Oh, yeah. It was very efficient. Yeah, we have people manning the blender. Yeah. Just cooking them up. I found a chair and I plot my ass down - host. I like The Vibes in there was yeah relaxing. Yeah, we had like good lights and stuff. But anyways, we decide to cruise down back down to Broadhead with the skateboards and we were just bump and bad things on the way down and such a Vibe such a 5-2 miracle one of those didn't die, but I thought I didn't fall within Vinny was telling me the next day that I did fall did for she had apparently you tried to ride up to the sidewalk and all it up onto it and at least I tried You just gotta send it sometimes Martina you have a song of the week. Yeah, okay had trouble with this because I had to in mind this week. I sang the song Rose Colored Boy by Paramore a lot just was always stuck in my head. She's kind of long. I've never heard her sing that why you just don't know that that's what it's okay. Nicole gets really mad because when I shower I don't use a speaker I put my phone in a cup because she has an iPhone. And what if I've no se o SE so she puts it in our plastic Miller like having that phone has nothing to do with not using the speaker mine can fit in a cup because all that code that you use I've used a couple different cups. Anyway, but the song I've been listening to a lot the past couple of days is happiness by hobo Johnson was at the one you showed me. You show me a hobo Johnson song. No, I didn't show you that one. I don't think Nicole heads. Oh, I showed you. I didn't want yeah, but I really like hobo Johnson. I went to a concert. I don't know if Jamie listen to this. Hey, Jamie. Um, okay. Well with Jamie's Jazz more Paradise a paradise. Maybe it's a paradise. Yeah, Nicole really gets frustrated when I sing those songs though because they're not really songs. They're more like It's like yeah, it's more like spoken word poetry kind of like him throwing a tantrum. No, anyway, um, it's kind of a Cool vibe. I don't know. So those are mine nice. I hate Nicole. Did you come up with a song of the week not well, well, we're going to sum up to Florida this Saturday for spring break. So I've been really into my Jimmy Buffett Vibes. Yes, but then I throne Little Flow Rider because you kind of have to because we're going to Florida we had some Jimmy Buffett on the hotel's playlist. I think dude. He's a go-to. I went to this concert last summer best experience ever. It was so fun. I mean the son of old people there but it kind of made it fun to and and also me and Julia been listening to a lot of pit bull. Just trying to get hype. Yeah for spring break. Yeah, we just want to be like bright red sunburn laying on a beach like drunk as fog may be a little high. I'm just sitting there. I'm getting so excited for spring break. Do you better not get the flu that Michael has Oh shit forgot about that. Mmm-hmm. I'll try not to I hate how we always have like a pearl like right before break something goes wrong. You know, I always just have like tests and stuff and projects like skinny. Enjoy like the I'm trying to chill and we just got done our season so it's like I know so can't even chill. But only have one more test tomorrow and then I'm but if you Tessa free poli-sci, yeah. Gotta talk about ideologies right a shit ton. They love that. Yeah, you might you can help me with that. You took that class right? I got credit for it took like you're somewhere one over the summer. Let's roll into. Thankful there in do beef. Well, we'll start out soft thankful first, and then we're gonna be beefing later. I'll go first. I'm thankful for my car. The Box the Box Avery has a really sick car the element big old windows and that thing picture of box with Wheels car dude that car has just been my companion ever since I got it for states that even though he's the one who picked it out. Really? Yeah. He's like, what do you think about this car? It's like it's like good for skiing and snowboarding and camping and stuff and I'm like, oh That sick let's go. And then as soon as we bought it, he was like, oh this was a mistake. This car is so ugly. But you learn to love it. Yes functional. It's very functional seats go can fold up to the walls. I've never been the biggest fan of the car, but I saw it in full action when we hit the slopes the other day. Yeah, it's got some function ability to yeah, and that's what it's meant for like just hitting the slopes. You don't need a roof rack because you can just put up one of those seats and stick the skis right in the back and I just wish I could use it for its to fulfill its purpose more like like snowboarding and stuff. We're so busy all the time. But uh, yeah, shout out to the box. I haven't actually named it. It's just a box. Yeah, you shouldn't be the type of guy that like loves his car too much and then girls are like, okay. Yeah. I think I am and it's also got suicide doors, which is a plus and a minus. That's what they're called. Yeah when they open like opposite directions, we guys thankful for um, I'm thankful for I'm looking at Nicole bum. I could see her for like all those people that I've met this year and last year on campus who still talk to me and say hi to me and stuff even when they don't have to anymore. Like there's a lot of people that I've had class with done projects with been in like orientation groups with and stuff and it's just so nice like To still say hi to people and like them to acknowledge that you exist and that I don't know that they liked you enough to still. Say hi. I guess I don't know I sit next to him a girl in class and we just like have small talk but it's so nice like we're both actually going to Florida for break and stuff and who we just relate and talk about it a little bit and like before she left. She said like have fun in Florida and I was just like nice to know that she actually like remembers what we talked about and stuff. Yeah. That's the nice thing about the Lehigh is like undergrads. I You get to know people especially when you're on a sports team and stuff. Yeah, and Natalie and our finance class. We got a sender this link. I'll just gonna and Clare and Clare Clare is a hole in the akan. Oh, who's he so nice not none of them are bees. No, I mean like what the heck one that you think Melissa Melissa Melissa. We are in a group together. She's super cool. He's convinced you. Yeah, that's mine. Oh, yeah, if you think about something yeah, dude, he's been thinking hard. He looks like he's gonna cry don't get too emotional over here. But again my I'm thankful for my freshman year Rumi. Is that fucker? That's my dude Avery. All right next to me. You're too sweet. A little skeptical about that and then that Avery we just vibed like we got along really well. We had a lot of good times freshman year. Definitely I straight-up told or not told I chose Matt as a roommate because we had this Google sheet and it was like who you could roommate in your class and where they're from and it said California and I was like bet so then I sent him a little text. I was like you want a room That's how it started. You said for sure rest was history first sure and fissures parents really like you so it works out. Yeah, the first time I met them I was in my underwear tighty-whities solid impression. They were compression. Oh jeez. Yes all compression for the first impression. Yeah, they kind of just walked in and I was trying to chill but my dude Avery such a home. and we can just go and ski on a Monday night just out of nowhere that's awesome and he's got some awesome music and stood so dude thankful for you bro so sweet thank you guys all got really deviate you initially I was going to say BMP but you can say BMP I'm always thankful for being Pig because that's what got me through a week not to be you know but but if we're being sentimental I would probably well I've been really not bitchy but to my parents you know because they they came to the meat basically after the meet on Sunday they were like oh you want to get dinner something's it was like 3 o'clock and I was like honestly no I think I want I wanted to go down and they're like fine my dad he brought me like like Two cases of like alcohol because he's like to call it. I know you've been working hard which I've honestly just been checked out of school because I've been so concerned with track so I have been working hard but not that it's hard to see things maybe so I'm very thankful for them because even like the other day he texts me it was like hey how you doing? And I didn't answer and like six hours later as you okay another six hours. Are you alive? Like I'm concerned he cares so much that man. Anne and I'm just like yeah fine be quiet shout out to mr. A bunt and 11 Don delillo Craig Craig Craig. What up, Craig? Oh, yeah, Martina Drew my whole family and finance like stick figures of them and I sent them in my like my family group chat and they all loved it. I ended up telling them it was they were asking so many questions. Like why did you do that? Oh my dad at least also Martina. I mean my dad was like All Margie know I love her that was that made my day. Really? Yeah. Oh thanks for telling me Oh, well, there you go. You're welcome. Like are we kidding aren't kidding by parents or my mom texted me like two days ago and she goes are you not Community? Are you not calling us because you're doing okay or because you're not doing okay. That's a now. It was like Sunday night. So I was like, we were at BMP I was like, aw, And I felt I don't know yet. Mom. I told him I'm doing fine. So that's good. I'm actually having dinner with them tonight. So yeah, we're you guys gone. I don't know. Where should we go? Mom Anita mom Anita's mom and Nina molinaro's that place octopus. Yeah, dude. Yeah Fisher had that suction cup to the This mouth. I don't know if I could have handled eating an octopus. It was it was fine. Fisher chopped it for I heard you really went at that thing. Should we have mr. And mrs. Fisher and Weaver on the pot? Yes. I love the pot. I've been out to eat with Fisher knavery twice in the past like two or three weeks. Walkie. It's been awesome. Yeah, we went to their good dates. We recommend to a friend ladies out there. Oh, thanks. It's like here kind of endorsing on this is a double date right now. Well, I mean, oh, whoa, I'm just keeping everyone's options open, you know nice to have something in the back pocket. All right. Now that we've done thankful of the week. Let's roll into beef so and it po NE ha no out of the gate. It is he actually would be for the week? Yes, he is. All right. Go ahead. Lay it on us Vinny is Avery and eyes roommate what up, dude? What up? We're talking to you Jen's? God that you take to take some time to gather so many I love you, bro. You just need a chill. That's all I'm gonna say like so our room has two singles and a double and I was in The Double with Vinny last semester and now Avery is I barely made it through that shit God. Vinny's you'll just be chilling on your phone in bed at like 9:30 in the morning and then he will say that the most productive thing you can be doing with your time right now. No, but I'm channeling Jamie likes to keep tabs on other people throughout the day and then and then what would comment on how you're spending your time? Oh my God. God forbid. I am 20. Wait, there's something slip. Shut it DEFCON 5 like oh my God. Yeah. So yeah, Loki beef and Levin and he knows that yeah, maybe I'll have him on for like a little rebuttal beef. Yeah beef sighs Jerry Springer kind of going to be cool. Yeah good squash the beef. I don't know if it's possible, but we have never in the try. We've never squashed a beef on the pot, dude. Dude, so that would be certified to squash beef. I'm a certified beef squasher a nice word. I think Christians even more certified though, so it should be good. I'm sure it's an expert. Yeah, he's a black belt beef squasher. Really? Yeah. Could you take on me? And I know that specific. Is that your beef? I don't know if I can say I don't think about it. Alright, my Martina I can go if you don't want you to go. I was trying to think of my beef the week and then I realized I've had kind of a beefless week, which is a good thing really. So I'm also thankful for having a beefless week, but then I was in accounting today and someone took my spot that I'm usually in so I had to sit in the back row. And that's when I realized my eye holes are not working. Like they used to the ball in the hole. Just my eyeballs. Yeah, so My vision I'm beefing with you dog. You used to be 20 20 used to get me through the day. I could see so far. I could see close up as well. But now I sit in the back of a classroom and I can't see if that is a 5 or a 3 and so my calculations are all wrong. So I mean we can work on it. We can train a little bit like it back to Peak form. But that's the beginning of the end. It sounds like we have to move up a row and finance. Yeah, welcome to the contact glasses gang blind leading the blind bummer that this happens and the year 2020. I know shit that would happen. Joke, that's fucking right Martina. I've also had a beefless week but some beef that's been carrying over you said accounting class that reminds me. I have a boy. Am I accounting class can't say I've ever said a word to him which is part of the problem. He sits in accounting and I can just tell he's just like, he's rude. He like just the Doesn't respect the teacher and stuff. I'm like whatever, you know, he sits with his little like frat cronies. I drink other styrofoam copies. Oh, it's so frustrating styrofoam cups, dude. I don't know they just carry him around but that was fine, like whatever. He wasn't really affecting my life. I was working at the goose the other day he orders a sandwich. I was like, oh my gosh, let's do it again. I hand it to him. He says nothing. He looks at me. He grabs it and he walks away and I was so mad and I Like dude, he knows he sits next to me in class and I just see him in class now and like, you know, you're trying to like squeeze past people to get into your seat and stuff and get into your row. You just like doesn't move you like cut me off to hand in his paper and stuff and honestly probably doesn't think twice about me probably never will but it really makes me mad. That's what does he wear flip-flops by any chance he could he also just has like a really mean looking face. Does he have like sand? She blond hair. Yeah, dude, and like his eyebrows are like permanently like yeah, it's like yeah. Well load body the shit out of me just to get to the front of the room for no reason. Maybe is he taller? No, he was in our he was in our Eco 146 class. He said across from us when Trevor used to leave and get food and come back several things. Yeah. What sandwich did you make I don't even remember but another beef is when people come in to the Goose which is a pretty like deluxe Delhi, I would say and they order like grilled cheese American cheese on white bread. I'm like you could get anything in your I get a grilled cheese Nicole does if she gets a peanut butter and jelly there. So I do it tomorrow toast to the mall and PB&J. Yeah, you gotta go all out. If you're gone. I'm picky with my Deli selection. I don't need like fish. What's your favorite Goose sandwich? For as long as I can remember, it's been the yo, yo, but yo yo, Martina put together a dank Darth Vader the other yeah, I did. It was so good. I know it was for him. I said to go he goes now. I'm going to eat it here. He sat there and savored it for a long time. Awesome, you know for a long time I get back to the room out. The Darth Vader wasn't even on my radar and then I saw someone get I was like, oh my God. What is this? I asked my patent on the shoulder. I was like, what is that you're holding right now? I need it. Did you come up with a beef? I'll go through the list of what I'm thinking about. So my first beef is with people not holding their alcohol. I'm coming at you Emma and Jamie Wow, fired off there and make those two needs of raise their tolerance up just a little bit. Okay, Emma Oh, I thought you meant like they spill it. No. I wish no, it's all going down and the BMP. I'm very passionate about this topic I can tell so I was like Emma are you doing she's like, I'm feeling it. I don't have any you had she could do so Bud Light Seltzer's I got Emma. Come on. It just made me so disappointed and upset to be frank and it was like four clock at that point. So the night was just I mean, I lost track of them after a while. It was four o'clock. If you're not eight beers deep about playing up and I like blacked out at for what are you even doing got a problem? No, they were Offer to so it kind of was like defeating the purpose of the biryeo car going on. But I mean you could have worse problems but spring break. We're going to need to amp that up. Me and Julia Martine. We might need to put some spied good bottles in your carry-on. Actually. I gotta pee happened gotta go shopping for spring break. Yeah spring break. That's another beef. I was very excited for it still am and it's gonna be fun once we get there. But my God, was it a whole pain the process of it because we basically got a free place from my aunt, but it turned into a shit show of how many girls could come who knew they were going who thought they were going. It was so funny reading your text and your being like so nice being so polite and nice and I was getting no feedback but in her real life, you like fuck. He's like, I can't believe I'm bending at the knees. For these people and it's not even paying off so that really got me mad. But my mom made me promise her not to plan anything for spring break next year. Yeah. It's a lot of pressure. So that was that and then and I'm kind of tight that we don't get more time off for track like yeah like two days right? I know one day I ran that I race Saturday Sunday. No, no I had run on Monday off yesterday. And then I got up early Martina we ran this morning and don't get me wrong. Like it was a good run. I mean, I don't really want to wake up at all. But you know you rented I'm this morning. Yeah crazy. Yeah. She dropped me off at 7:00. Yeah, that's all I have to say, but it was fun. Yeah, those are good piece of the week. Hopefully you can squash those and we dude I'm not be for Michael, but I was looking forward to going his house today with Julia. And you know, so she like really sick little bed that was lettuce at before philosophy. Yeah, well, I texted him and because we had already planned this and he goes you guys might not want to come I have the flu. I went to the Health Center. They're putting me on flu medication because I'm not allowed to go to class. I said you're going to give us the coronavirus. He goes good. I did not get my flu shot as it. I yeah, just stay away from him. I'm going to spring break. All right, let's let's wrap it up with the quote of the week. And then yeah. Oh my gosh, it's already 5:00. That's it. It's so easy to just talk for like an hour. We've been talking for 70 minutes. Well, I can yeah. You guys have it pulled up. I'm getting mine. All right, I'll start this is a quote believe it or not from Jack good. What up, Jack? How you doing? Buddy? Jack is a dear friend of ours who transferred to Ohio State sadly. Jack said you can't just wait for life. and boy did he not wait for life what does that mean he Jack Jack had big aspirations so he moved to the Big Ten competed in the Big Ten champs this past weekend yeah I think so I think they miss us so my boys doing big things out there keep it up and maybe we'll call you have you on the Pod some time dude didn't he not run well we love you jack he's a beast baller All right, heart fish. You got a quote. Yes. I got a quote. It's from freshman year from one of my good friends and I'm still trying to decipher the meaning of what he said. So I'll paint the picture real quick. We had just gotten back from some Woods near our dorm. We had taken a little walk stroll. Yeah, just a little stroll through the woods. We got back in the room and we're both chilling at this point. Jay challenge a challenge. We're about to go to bed because that's all we could do all here. We could we could do much and I ask a favor. I just say do you want me to turn off your fan pretty simple question? You don't need to put a lot of thought into it and he just goes and then doesn't say anything. I had every stumped with me trippin. I thought I was just gonna be able to crawl into bed close my eyes and like drift off into space. Did you know ask me puzzled me dude. I was puzzled. Yes me about the fan item stuck. Did you turn it off? Um, I don't remember Don't I think I just I do your thing. I'll go to sleep. Damn. I was like I was like is he asking me this because he likes it cold. Does he like the temperature that it's out right now? It does he want the fan on or does he want it off? I mean the windows open so it's kind of cold in here. Yeah, you're definitely going too deep. I just saw your fan was on and you were in bed. So I was like, all right. Should I turn it off for you got a little too deep with that one? Yeah. Definitely way too deep with that. Yeah. I was earlier in the year, too. So we want to hike Super close. Yeah, everyone is comfortable. If you ask me that now I'd give you a straight-up answer. Thanks, dude. Martina quote of the week go. Okay. Hmm. Well, I also have two of these two but show sure both of them which I pick one just say I'm they're both good share them. Okay, they're both good. So one's not really a quote. It's more of mentality that someone who was good at words could probably make into a quote. I'm not always good with words, but one thing I was thinking this weekend was I usually make like a pretty specific timeline for myself that no one. Elsa's imposing except myself and like things don't really ever have to happen in a specific order or at a specific time in your life so I think just realizing that it doesn't matter when things happen as long as they happen at some point more like enjoying the process if say you okay this is just an example say you wanted like a for oh like you don't have to get a 400 this semester you just have to if that's your goal it doesn't matter when it happens it just has to happen at some point point so just keep that in mind and keep working towards it even if it doesn't happen your second semester sophomore year I have a quote that someone who's good at words did put into a song cool you can't always get what you want but sometimes if you try you'll get what you need wow it's almost like it's playing in my head right now Erin Nicole singing it next to me and then my second one I found this in my photos well Matt Fisher Talking normality is a paved Road. It's comfortable to walk on but no flowers grow on it, which I think a lot of being at colleges other people trying to force you into their idea of what's normal and what they always grew up with knowing as normal and I don't know I was kind of put down a lot this year and I realized that I kind of I don't know fed into it a little bit thought maybe I didn't really like who I was And then you know now I'm kind of like screw that I like who I am. Like I don't have to be what someone says is normal normal is not really a thing. So what's normal today is not going to be normal tomorrow. So it doesn't matter didn't like looking at our team. Nobody's freaking normal. Yeah, and that's like the Colby fire was country. That's like cool not being normal is cool to me kind of no matter what anyone says so that's fine. Nice. So, Don't do my homework and I don't have a quote of the week. But I would say I know Martinez disgusted that I am research not coming back on the pause. No Wi-Fi in this room all to Jamie's Instagram. I'm sure she's got one on her story Jimmy Dean Delight. I would say everyone live it up this weekend if you have spring break. Oh, yeah fall out. If you are at the tail end of it Savor the last few minutes of Freedom before Go till May of hell. That one's for you Christian. I want to be a Christian hola. Oh, yeah excited have Christian. Perfect. I was getting cute little love heart yeah excited I've Christian back on the pot next time Jack yeah well we're at like 78 minutes Jack so we'll have you calling next time if you're still listening your true listener I think we really hit our stride in the second half of the pod is this going I just like live right now yeah it is low it is yeah oh so Jack's listening right now no no it's not live I thought you said you were saying is it still recording oh well that lingo all right I'm just gonna finish this out with a little bad things yes Authority can escape Let's all start dancing. Yeah, they'll really love hearing that. Guess what dance move I'm doing Sid knows he's doing the crotch. Grab Michael Jackson thing right now. I'm not doing that. I will thanks for coming on the Pod guys. It was a pleasure. Hope you can come on again if we can make it work with the schedules. getting food to you what I'm aiming for what do you mean like you've done before are we going on I think so because any good I'm dressing my every floor. We sink or swim. We're blinded on an empty short. Has any girl. There's any come from my day and night. It's in the pain inside got me laughing all of the time. He the bad things out of my mind.