For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay. Tell us a little bit about yourself and your career up to this point in time. So I studied at the University of Newcastle. Yeah, I teach Year to in Sydney, and I've been there since I've finished uni, so I'm really excited to see where my teaching can grow into beautiful. So let's talk about some of the growth that you've undertaken as as a professional so far you have adopted the daily 5 practice into your teaching and I was wanting to talk to you. About that because it's a really interesting program. But Ali what is the daily 5 in a nutshell? Yep. So the daily 5 is based on a book called The Daily five by five two sisters name is Gail Boucher and Joan Mozart and it's basically a literacy framework that installs of Love of literacy through behaviors of Independence and students select from five authentic reading and writing choices where they work independently towards personalized goals, so that Includes choosing activities that involve writing to self working on writing reading to someone would work or listening to reading and then at the same time it allows time for the teacher to meet the diverse students needs of a class through small group and one-on-one conferring so these are like the rounds and then each time the students go on to something new. It's broken up by a mini lesson such as a 10-minute reading or phonics lesson whilst it is a literacy approach. Ouch, it definitely has the main principles of building trust and respect with students focused on sharing student Choice regular brain breaks and brain kepada bull Focus lessons can be transferred to you know, any area of the curriculum. In fact, it has definitely explain to me what already knew was true that students are more engaged when they have a choice and a student shouldn't be expected to sit and take in new information for long periods of time without regular brain. Nobody Breaks the book actually talks about the research behind linking a student's age to the amount of minutes. They should be sitting there taking in new information before they should move and you know breakup what's being taught and that's why the framework focuses a lot on those mini lessons and regular movement around the room, of course, so that's really interesting that correlation between the age and the number of minutes that they can actively engage in new Concepts. Is it this is it an All number like as a child is eight is at 8 minutes, or is it a ratio? Yes, so it actually directly says if you're eight years old eight minutes is the capacity. However, you know, I do obviously it is a it is a guide so obviously I'm not sticking to those six minutes with my six-year-old students, but it definitely keeps me more mindful of okay, they've been sitting for too long. It's time for something new now, and we know that the research not just in Daily 5, but across the board does suggest that brain breaks are Very important. We have a lot of brain breaks activities on teach started at home. So I'm going to link them in the episode notes of Ali's episode just below for you to go and check out so if people looking to buy the book, where can you buy it? Is it just on Amazon whereabouts can you get hold of it? So I think it's probably from most book shops online. I think I did order it. Obviously, I couldn't really find it within Australia. I bought mine from Book Depository. I think I think that was yeah where I got Mine from yeah, and how did you come across it? So when I started at my school three years ago a few teachers on my grade were already adopting that practice and but what I only knew from placement was just the traditional literacy groups using reading groups where the students were grouped based on reading levels and the students sort of rotated from Station to Station. So that's what I already knew. And of course I sort of shied away from this thing. That I didn't know about and stuck with what I already knew, but then when I was finishing my second year teaching I just felt like I was lacking something when I was teaching literacy. I felt like I could be definitely doing more but I wasn't quite sure what my students were learning but I just felt like they weren't as engaged as I liked would have liked them to have been and I certainly didn't love how I was already teaching it. So I decided to read the The books and that's when everything sort of clicked for me. And I remember a key part in the book where the two sisters were talking about their old practice as well before they started doing the daily 5 and they sort of spoke about when they were doing reading groups. They felt like they were constantly putting out fires like it was more of a behavior management and then they it would take time away from their reading groups and you know explicit instructions so I could totally relate to that and I didn't realize that there was something That could be done about that. But then they sort of did offer this system which you know would bring engagement into literacy and actually Foster that love of reading and writing and that's when I was all in. Yeah. So we've just started a new year. Is this a good time for teachers who have been doing the traditional reading groups or literacy rotations to take up the daily 5. I definitely think so. It gives the opportunity for a fresh start. I don't know about you Bronwyn, but if I'm trying to do something new I have to be a hundred and ten percent into it. Otherwise, I might not be as dedicated to it. It also gives you the holidays to sort of read the book and wrap your head around the practice. Not that you need a lot of time. It's definitely an easy read which that's why I loved it. I made all the notes and but the other reason is because it definitely is a structure to literacy and learning in general and Very hard to train up your class if you're already have older structures in place. So because I because usually like I myself all my students would Resort back to what we were already doing if we just sort of tried to do something with you. It's not impossible, but I find when students come to at the start of the year, you're already teaching them expectations of your classroom. Anyway, so this is the perfect time to develop those desired focused learning behaviors. I think perfectly said, so what do you say? Everett tips for using the daily 5 so sort of leaning in to what I just spoke about spending time teaching those desired expected behaviors for Independent Learning and literacy. So the book actually outlines in detail the first seven weeks and what you should do to train your class. Like it literally scripts it out. And I think that's why I loved it too because I could just stick and know what I was doing. Yeah stick to that you build your students stamina in reading and writing and that will build the foundations for their And then concentration to focus on are reading and writing goals each day and thus allow time for you to meet with your small groups or individual students for reading and writing uninterrupted for the most part 2. Yeah, so that's my main tip stick to that first seven weeks behavior training because it will pay off tenfold for the rest of the and tip number two probably believe in it and enjoy it. So when I started I was a bit antsy because because it did take a while to get into what I felt like was the teaching of the content especially because in the past I would have just already been deep diving into my guided reading groups Etc. But once we did start it was honestly magical the focus and the love of learning was so rich and it made it also worth it and I could see how nurturing those early days really were important take it slow and and building that love love of Doing what we're doing every day. So yeah, and then my third tip probably allow yourself to lose what feels like control over your class. I mean, it's not really you still control your class. But what I mean is that it's a framework that definitely actually makes your students leaders of their own learning. So you're transferring them from being passive Learners to active Learners. So accept that and they will show you what they can do and I know it will feel scary. And that you're actually aren't telling them what to do during literacy. But by giving them Choice you're actually fostering that love of reading and writing that will hopefully follow them through life. Lovely. Oh my gosh, so beautiful that is and like it's so true because that is the foundation of all education if you have the literacy skills, but also that passion for reading and writing it makes everything so much easier. We're setting them up to be not only Learners to the end of grade 12, but also just beyond that whatever they decide to do. Lives, I know that some schools are in school-based programs. So sometimes it's not possible to make a change like this. But if you equip yourself with the knowledge and you read the book and you have listening to Ali thinking this is a change that we could really make it our school. Do you have any tips for teachers I guess to put forward as a proponent for a new system how to get your team on board with this. So I definitely think just reading the books will it will make get clear the principles behind best practice in terms of approaching literacy. And even if you can't change up the way you deliver literacy, I think there's a lot to be drawn out of the books. Anyway to embed in what you are already doing. Like I said before I was still teaching literacy groups. It just wasn't in a way that I felt was engaging my students. So even if you read the book and then brought the idea to your principal and said, you know, maybe you Have to change up the framework of how you're delivering literacy, but fostering those key principles of student choice of shared collegial discussions as teachers. We always adapt our practice. It's never the same like even if you're on the same your level consecutive year you teach things in a different way like the pedagogy is different the content might be exactly the same but we're always reflecting and improving on our practice and it can just be like a small tweak. It doesn't have To be a whole massive systemic change it can just be these small tweaks and you get so much bang for your buck out of just making small adjustments. So really good tips there for teachers who might be considering either going into this at the beginning of the year as a as a conscious kind of restructure or as a tweak to their system that they're already using. Absolutely. That's right and actually from talking to teachers on Instagram because I do often chapter 2 So I came to try the approach but they're not really sure how and you know, we talk about what I do in my classroom and how they've tried similar things within their classroom. They're still doing what they were already doing, but they might embed you no more student Choice around what they write about or how they focus on their word work each day that sort of thing. So I think definitely like you said Bronwyn embedding those little little changes that just basically focuses on engagement in literacy. I like you said doesn't have to be big changes, but can just be those little tidbits that can make learning more exciting. Did you start at the beginning of 2019? Yes. I did. It's crazy because it feels like I've been doing it forever. Oh really? Well, that's a good thing. So how has how what results have you seen both in your students and in yourself as an educator? Yeah, so not much has really changed in terms of the practice and I'm doing and I think that's the most important part that I've actually stuck with it. But of course my confidence teaching literacy has for sure increased tenfold and knowing that I am supporting my students the best way that I can coming out of uni, I really didn't feel like I knew what I was doing in terms of teaching literacy, but this just gave me the tools that I needed to feel more confident in myself to support my students and I suppose the main results that I have seen this year compared to my other years is a true genuine love for literacy ask any of my my students and they will tell you house on heart that they love daily 5 and it's their favorite part of the day. Oh, that's gorgeous. Yeah, and they even get really upset when you know schools are busy. We always have events going on and they get upset when we have an event and that means we have to collapse daily fire for the day. They generally get that. Oh, that's so cute. I know which I'm like you guys are so sweet. But also like I'm sad, too. It's tomorrow. Yeah, so yeah, definitely that engagement in literacy, which I've never seen or heard that before in my students to love reading and writing so much. That's a big win for me as a teacher and inspires me so so much and makes me want to keep doing what I'm doing. And of course there are other results that are amazing to so all of my students know their reading and writing goals and I can see so much growth in them that half the time I can't keep up. I mean, those are the things that we live for aren't they like to see our students progress to? See them move up levels to see them comprehending things that six months ago would have just flown straight over the top of their head like, these are the these are the things that keep us happy and keep us healthy as teachers as well. So it's working for Boeing. Yeah, really good. Well Ali, I think we're going to talk to you soon again about visible learning and goal setting, but for now, thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching and I can't wait to talk to you again. Thank you so much Rodman. Thank you so much for chatting. With me about my my maybe loves including daily five.