Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a sip of my beer speaking of which which I was hoping you were going to open up with this because Let's Get Right the fuck into it. Okay, I'm Skylar. I'm Sammy Welcome to our podcast where sometimes we talk about witchcraft spirituality tarot astrology. And sometimes we just Giggle and talk about darts. I know plane Parts on a plane but not Snakes on a Plane. It's on the far side of playing. That's our new movie. Okay. Can I tell what can I can I tell this? Yeah, let's let's all together. Okay, let's we're gonna have to tell it together actually, but I want to set out a set the tone. So you guys know so you start I just want to say that to Lucky Mercury people like China set the mood. Okay, we're in the airport and I'm already kind of a little stressed. We're beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. We just had a wonderful last day of our vacation. We're headed to the airport George. Each tried to go to the airport earlier in the morning to change his flight. He couldn't he's trying to change it earlier so that he could get home because he's already on his way right now to Florida. We'll get to that another and another time his seat ends up getting separated from us because he tries to change his flight exactly this plays into that later. That's a good point. That's a good one. So we all we didn't really have assigned seats until we got to the gate and because George tried to change his Play and he couldn't like Skylar said he had a different sea, so we were standing there and I was kind of being a little brat like no Skylar cheat trade tickets with George so that I can sit next to George because I'm not going to see him for two weeks and I want to sit next to him and then they were joking yada yada yada. It was a thing while Skyler and George and I had been sitting in a row of seats near our gate and our plane got delayed. Two hours. So we've been sitting there for a while. We have different seats. We're trying to hang out where our attitudes at this point our okay Skylar had got up to get snacks snacks and this girl sits down in his seat with like three bags and she takes this carry out to go box and sticks it in the seat in between George. Let me explain what it was. Go now, it was a Triple Decker onion ring sandwich. When you oh, it wasn't even an onion ring. It wasn't even battered onions. It was literally unions like an onion sandwich with like dice. So many onions like you open it up. It looked like it wasn't a burger patty. It was like an onion daddy sandwich and not only that she had onion rings instead of fries, right? This girl was onion. She was onions. You know, what girl did you do? Okay. You're a woman eat your onion sandwich. Yes, the speaking of which podcast is pro onion sandwich. We're well food in general like live your life. Here's where it gets a little dicey. Okay punishment for a five hour plane ride in an enclosed space is a triple-decker onion ring sandwich girl, right the best idea. No, it's not. It's not at least you didn't eat it on the plane. Yes, like here's what happened. So we're sitting down Skylar. Back and the girls got her seat her onion sandwich in between George and her the onion sandwich took up the entire seat. Yeah, and so George turns to her and says politely enough. Hey, do you mind you know taking that and so that my friend can sit back down in a seat and she proceeds to get real pissy and she's like, oh, well, it's she said something like oh it wasn't just have the whole row. She's like a Kind of inconvenient like I can't really move all my stuff. And so George turns to her and says like you don't have to move all your stuff just a few just the onion sandwich move your fucking onion sandwich bitch. So she gets all like offended that he even asked her to like slightly move her stuff. So she just pick something up and says you can just have the whole row and walks away and George was like, alright, well fuck, you know, we're not on the plane yet. Yeah. We're just in we're just waiting on our this is just a random one. We don't know anything about her like you still have two hours until our point x so so we're laughing about it. What kind of teasing or like not apt to her but like we're all joking about the situation and stuff like that and we're like, yeah, hahaha. Someone's gonna sit next to her on the plane steam's good onion and so weird. Joking on and off about this for like the our whole time waiting and then meanwhile, they finally call our plane that to board and so George is at the back of the line Skyler and I are in the middle of the line and I'm joking because the girl with the onion sandwich is two people ahead of us and I'm like making jokes up because she's got like butt wipes hanging out of the side of her backpack. She's got like real thick Ugg boots on and at this point we're in Arizona, so I'm like girl Phoebe so sweaty with them onion feet. So I was joking with Skylar and we're giggling little schoolgirls. I'm like, she's got butt wipes in her backpack. Her feet are gonna smell she's gonna take her Ugg boots off on the airplane. You're gonna sit next to her onion farts Idols into this for like 5 minutes. I just would not dying on the inside. I hate when Samantha does that to me? So we're walking up to the road. And finally at this point Skylar had agreed to take the solo seat and George and I were going to sit together. So we get to plane or by the way gate not we're loading 9, so it's literally the last last last group for the poorest of poor. So everybody's already on the plane more people were supporting the podcast. We could Flex business class speaking of which if you'd like to support the podcast you can Dollar five dollars $10 we got supporters. What a what happened. Next doesn't have to happen. Oh, this is would not have happened. Although I'm so glad it did. So we're walking on and there's only like four of us left a Bordeaux guys. We're getting we're getting onto the plane. We're going onto the plane. There's two seats left on The Plains. There's George there's an empty seat next to George. Yeah. We're Samantha's going to sit and there's an empty seat. Seat next to onion woman walking up and literally I'm looking at like a b c d e and I look F5 and it's in the window seat. Right? No next time first first. I see the window seat and like yes got the windows. Yeah, and then my mind like my eyes, you know, just look to the side a little and I was like, no no fucking way. Heroes like I was like singing she's gonna take her Ugg boots on like this is gonna seek her revenge on. Yeah, and so Skylar looks at me and I saw the actual Devastation in his eye was not funny at the time. He gives his backpack because at this point all of the front of the plane where he's sitting all of its all full, so I'm carrying my backpack on the back his backpack on my friend and I have to walk all the The way to the very last row of the plane and I am crying laughing. I am uncontrollably SOB laughing and everybody on the plane looks at me when I walk by it. Like I'm actually psychotic everyone looked so pissed, you know, sometimes when people are laughing and you like look at them and you don't even know what's funny but like makes you laugh or makes you smile. Nobody thought that was funny. I don't I was like a hysterical Wild like crying and laughing and the more that I tried to hold it in the funnier it got so I get all the way to the last seat of the plane and I so Sammy's going towards the back right and I look at her because she has to get up for me to get in to my seat. Right so I look at her and she looks at me and she goes do you need me to get up really? I was like, do you want me to Donkey Kong myself over he would you like me to steal one? Me too. I don't ya. Onion woman. No, I know what your business is and I don't want to straddle you so she's like so she gets up and I get into my seat and everything's fine. We're about an hour into the flight when I when I hear this when I hear this Adjusting. Oh, no. And I was like, oh, I can't be good. That is hidden. It was like someone was cutting an onion really in front of me and wafting it under my nose. Oh my God onion. That is so far. So nasty. Okay right into my nose. George is happen to be behind us. Right? So I was headed to the back. Literally. We were like the last few people to board the plane like we said, so Skylar's now in his seat in the front. I'm headed all the way to the back fucking row and I am sobbing laughing crying so hard like and George is has now I can see has now passed Skyler and realizes that he actually is sitting on next onion girl and when he sees me crying laughing George starts cramping up and like laughing really hard, so everyone's watching him and when I see him laughing I start laughing harder the flight attendants came over to me and asked me if I was okay. Stop laughing. And then he said I explained it to him and he says do you want me to go over to him and tell him that there might be a sandwich has provided on the plane if he's interested and I said no I'll be mortified. But yeah, so don't do it over and been like will you be having the onion to? Yeah, exactly. Um, so then he's like you need to get it together because you're going to use up all your oxygen before we take off on the plane. I was like, oh my God, you're so right every Twenty minutes or so, I would remember and start laughing uncontrollably again, like like God rule belly like ABS clenched laughing tears rolling down my face and George would look at me and he wouldn't even get irritated. He just would start laughing too because he knew but I was thinking about that three and a half hour plane ride of him now sitting next to her and if I wouldn't have been a bitch and asked to switch seats, he would have been back with me and George what I had to sit next to him. Oh my God, you guys it was the funniest thing that's happened in a really long time. I'm um remember someplace like over Colorado when there was a lightning storm. Yeah. How cool was that? It wasn't cool. I've been in a few plane rides with thunderstorms. This this one had a bit was very low-key. It wasn't like a lightning strike in the plane or anything. It was just visually stunning it was and it would light up the ground a little bit wasn't so much turbulence like When I was in a really bad storm, we were on our way out to one of the third cook during turbulence a cookie flew from her hand into my lap. No, so I have this cookie in my lap and we didn't exchange very many words and so like it was so weird like when it happened it was quick the cookie flies into my lap and I handed it back to her. No sheshe, you know how like sometimes when people awkwardly like leave leave one piece of food and a napkin on their tray and just stare at it and you're like, come on. Because there's not much happening on a plane. So you kind of have to entertain yourself. However, you can see like look at the cookie and you're like, please just eat it. Yeah, I'm somewhat clean. Yeah. So what did you do on the plane ride there to entertain yourself? Oh like when we got on the plane to Arizona. Yeah, what did I do to entertain myself? Oh, I sat next to Patty. Oh, that's right. Patty. Patty was an old woman who collects vintage cars and oh told me about, you know ways to divide up my 401k different ways. I should invest my money why I shouldn't worry about the stock market crash a bubble blah. I saw you doing your bullet Journal. I was yeah and I saw George sleeping. Yeah George slabbed. I worked on marches calendar for my bullet Journal which actually was surprisingly easy. I did have a few smudges much. But then I just made like really bold lines after that. But yeah, so I normally I love to read or listen to music and like do like a crossword or do like a little sketchy sketch and it's okay. If it doesn't come out good. I'm just like, you know, I like to pass the time with like reading I do really good reading on planes normally, but I didn't really feel like reading on the way there. So that's why I did my bullet Journal but on the way back, I basically read the entirety of what the fuck is taro on my Kindle. Finish it. I think I have like 15 pages left. No and I thought about like reading it on the way home, but I was just like at that point. I started to get worried because we were on our way home to put your car up on the toe toe. And then George was like immediately leaving guys. We didn't cow Mercury retrograde is this. Oh my God, we get home and guys. I just bought a brand new tire. It's brand-new. I spent good money on these lights back up. Actually, can we back up before you could say that? Let's just quickly go through. All so we find out that George is got to leave from the plane. So King we I take him to the airport early in the morning. As soon as I drop them off they found out he found out that he can't change his flight at all because we had economy. So I went back to the house picked up. You guys went back to go get him we hung out a little bit and then we went to back to the airport. So he wanted to get an earlier flight. Right and couldn't then we get to our flight and then our planes delayed two hours because the brakes the brakes brake like yeah breaking the brakes and then the lady of the terminal I understand this is frustrating but trust me you want your plane to have breaks? Yeah, and I was like, wow. Wow, okay, and then we'll just Flinstone at lady. Come on. Yeah, and then we get to our Baggage claim and there's baggage claim is delayed. So yeah baggage claims delayed. So we're waiting there extra time for our bags to come out after we've landed then we missed the shuttle to take us back to our car was parked. However, we didn't have to wait too long, but it did feel like nothing was going right. Hmm, then we drive. Oh, we're about to drive home and the guy interview by the way, I only highways and Detroit. In our shut down tonight. Yeah, and we're like why is sitting like and he goes not only do I need to take that to get home. I immediately have to take it back on to go down to Florida and then all of a sudden they're like there was nothing open wrong like it they were just all open so weird get home and we're trying to load Skylar's car onto the trailer and he mysteriously has two flat tires on both and both of those tires are now. Yeah, but you just got them before a week. Or we left I got these are brand new tires like 25,000 mile tires. Yeah, though. These tires are supposed to last for years. Yeah. Why are they flat I don't it's almost like somebody came and flatten them. Yeah, whoo, which one of you hates the podcast so much for you tread came for my tires. Hmm. Come on. I bet I know who it is. It's you isn't it listening? It's you. Yeah you listener there was something else that happened to but anyways, it wasn't like a ton of stuff. That was like, oh we can't handle this but we had already traveled all that wave travel all day. It just takes the smallest thing to break. Yeah, it really does and then knowing that he was loading your car on that trailer and he blew up the air in the tire but he wasn't certain whether or not it would hold the air and it was one o'clock in the morning and he literally was he got another year and had to leave and he's already going to be late to get to work down in Florida to start work. So I was really stressed. I was really upset and just like over it. So it's 1 in the morning. I remember turning the George and I was like if you need to abandon my car on the side of Of the road and just scrape the VIN number off. They'll never trace it back to me rip off the license plate scrape off the VIN number leave it. Yeah, I won't say a word you don't say a word. No one will know anything. That's how done I was with that day. Yeah, exactly and it was like the safety of him like he didn't sleep on the plane and then driving immediately 20-plus hours down Towing another vehicle. Like if you nods off at all, he's by himself. He's got another freaking vehicles. Chapter one like it just the way I was looking at the toe and luckily the way that the toe is set up. It's very intuitive. It's not like a for trailer tow where the back trailer swerves at all. No, it's very secure. It was very secure and I was I saw that I was really happy about that because I was worried that my car would just be sliding around in the back kind of like kind of barely hooked in but no it looked like yeah, it's I learned about Towing basically so and I was like, oh wow in the You know people tokars all the time, so I don't know why I was worried. Like there's a reason U-Haul sells them because it's doable. Yeah. I know you can tell her how to do it before so me either because most people have cars that they just drive. Yeah, not me. So you could drive your car. However, you didn't want to you didn't think it would make it absolutely would make it right now it would make it. But the thing is is that somebody would be really it would be cheaper. We figured two to four. To tow it. So anyway, we save $500 a year on gas or on me getting it when it ended up being a better scenario, but it at one o'clock in the morning after the delay in the flight and onion lady and you know all the stuff it was just like we're standing outside trying to put air in his tire while his car is up on a trailer knowing that George is going to leave and it was just like a lot of mercury shit a lot of Mercurial especially natural great. Yeah real shit, which is like it's nothing huge. It's nothing that you can't handle but you know Mercury retrograde makes it it makes it just annoying enough to feel like you should just give up exactly Saturn return who like email all my Contour erase all the context of my phone and I will jump off a bridge. What's the end of me? Like especially with you being a Virgo and me being a Gemini with a Virgo ascendant like we got a lot of mercury between us. So it's like how we function. Very Mercurial. So I feel like that shit is a lot more effective for us. Like there was a plan things were supposed to go to plan. Yeah, and then once the plan is off then and even then we were trying to improve our plan as we were there and not only do we not to get to improve it our plan fell this shit. So, oh you have the tracker on where is he? I mean you can you can look at it right now while I'm recording I can always pause it must be pause it. Yeah, I'm gonna pause it guys. Okay, he's almost in Atlanta. He's almost to Atlanta. So it is 7 p.m. Here. We're all in the same time zone. So he left at 1:00 in the morning last night and he did only dry for a few hours and then he stopped and he slept a little bit and they're still making it all the way from Detroit to Atlanta. Yeah. That's a long drive. He's been on the road a long time. Yes. Okay. I'm bored with that though. What happened on our freaking vacation that want to talk about so Carly? Yeah. Guys one of our first one of our oldest listeners. In fact one of our only listeners my friend Carly. He's standing Harley she works for an airline. So she typically gets to fly standby for free. So if I'm ever out doing something she can just show up. It's incredible, right? It's so cool. And we had this house that we were renting with a bunch of friends. Oh my god. Let's talk about the house. The house actually turned out perfect for what we did guys. I didn't guys guys guys guys guys guys. That's what did you do? With money you can live in a very nice house, but you can I know sometimes I forget that like, you know, when you go into a really nice house and you're like wow you say this also has a nice nothing. No. No our house is not it's not not not nice. Its just oh, it's very very old. It's very creaky. There's a lot of things that aren't like updated. It's not a modern home. It's very vintage very witchy Cabin in the Woods, which he Cabin in the Woods in only one person can poop at a time exactly and Sometimes the sink bubbles. Yeah, lots of poison ivy looks like take your take your look with this house had like a high vaulted ceilings the it was very Texan like random dents in the walls for artwork. It was yeah. It was very, okay. Also, we were in the middle of the fucking desert like this city is not that big. I'm sure there's smaller cities Cactus as tall as the house just around just out and around and I have never been in that. I've never been in a Environment before I've been deserty I've been you know dry climates and things like that, but this felt like I was actually in the desert we were messy Arizona, it's not that I didn't feel like we were in the desert. Yeah, it's just that I've been in the desert. Yeah that was desert desert before driving through a parts of Texas and it's weird how populated it was. Oh even though it was the desert right? But the thing was is it still felt like It didn't feel very populated even though there were things because it'd be like an abandoned shitty old like trailer park home Mmm Yeah, again, nothing wrong trailer parks, but these were like come from a long line of trailer park seriously owners. Um, tiny houses are in style again, but no it just it felt very like it didn't feel very lived in even though they're worth it. Yeah, it felt transient. It felt like you somewhere where you either came to die or you came to visit. Yep. One of the two. Yep, maybe you were already dead and know what you forgot your all of your tarot cards and I was very upset about that and you didn't bring anything. I did it. I only use mine once and but the time that I did use it was incredible really. I felt really in tune with the energies there. That's awesome. Because you know being an Arizona in like that kind of a new climate that the air was very light if that makes sense. It felt it was it was very very drunk very Try but it felt clean. Also, you know Virgo. Yeah, I was like mmmm clean. Yeah and everything was like very structured and clean there. Yeah really liked it. The house is really new and open and thing it clean. Yep. It was I I love that. I did I couldn't even find a cobweb. No. Well, they have cleaning crews come in every time because we are very happy that we can well you mean we can I want a dedicated five-person staff to just clean up every time I take a step. That's literally what I do when you spilled jelly all over the counter. Everyone say I still jelly. I don't know if everyone's saying it maybe it's because you did you know, what's funny is like when I moved away course, it was like, oh, there's no one to leave jelly. And I was like what the fuck I you literally are the messiest PB&J maker ever and I don't know how you manage. I don't feel standard. Our counters were never sticky like sticky sticky and every time I set my hand down I'm like putting my hand in jelly and you were as I think there's some sort of weird conspiracy about jelly. Because I have no memories of spilling jelly anywhere. Apparently I do so like whatever if you say I do personally, I'm not convinced yet for the evidence, even though it's like multiple roommates to like if he just put on his orange sunglasses that are happy mood stabilizer. I need to feel better about this. Um, so what was your favorite part of the trip? So Carly came, yeah and the next morning we woke up and you guys were at the tournament. Yeah, and we looked at each other and it was 9:00 in the morning and we were like let's start day drinking. Yeah, like now yeah, and then we did. Hmm and wow thrilling. I'm just trying to really I'm really trying to like build it up like know you guys had a great time like by 3 p.m. I don't know who I was I was just ready to party. Yeah, like in Party Town. I had like 14 straws. See maybe that's why I don't know. I just developed this relationship with straws that I can't explain. So when really convinced me when you when you were wanting to throw away the straw supposed to throw them away. I just don't know why we needed them because I don't I saw like a metal I needed them. I put them in there for you baby. I got you. I got your stupid-ass plastic straw. Thank you. I don't know what that was. My favorite part is when because you know, like my pancreas thing. I've been really staying away from alcohol, but I was ready to die that day, I guess. Yeah hard AF. Yeah, and it was incredible. I didn't die. I didn't have any pancreatic pain. Wow. What a shocker a Virgo didn't die from doing normal things. Most people do but the next day really shy pancreas was a little sore not gonna lie. So I think I'm right about about that. Okay, but yeah, that's my favorite part. You know another my phone or my favorite part that I think the part I'll always remember we played that disc golf round really son. It's good and then there's no bathroom and I had to pee on that tree. That was an interesting round. I probably won't be what I won't might be what I remember the most. I mean, I had a lot of fun. We had a pool. So I had a lot of fun the first night before the rest of our friends got there because we were one of the first ones to get to the house and I drank like six White I was in the pool and it was like to I was in there for like two and a half hours and it was freezing and I made Skyler get a very good pneumonia. Oh my god, listen, so we played this game which we I don't feel like we're in the mood to play it now, but I feel like maybe for another episode we I was like, okay, let's come up with a story. Oh, I'm gonna say one sentence and then you're going to say one sentence and wherever the story takes us as where it takes us in the first story that we came up with. We were laughing so hard and I just having a great time too. Like swimming in the pool. It's just you and I because George went to go get the guys from the airport and it was just a me holding a white car going. We're so Mercurial. Oh, yeah. I did say that because I was like, what are we trying to do for fun? We're like making weird game. You were literally playing word games and creating stories. But so when you were on this trip, all right, and you were Cuz we were we pretty much zoned out from everything for this past week and that's what we do and I bet you if we went back to previous episodes we talked about other times. We went camping or on other vacations, we've done things. That's what we do. Yep. That's what we do shut off. We just come back fucking connect and then we're always like wow hello real world can't believe we're back. Yep, but I felt incredibly disconnected. I felt even more disconnected than I think I normally do. Which is crazy because I feel like because I wasn't really worried about work. Whereas even if I'm disconnected, there's some sort of worried about work. But because my job title is literally changing and I only have like a week and a half left of the position that I'm in now and I set them up so well before I left that they should have absolutely no questions. And if they have questions of what's supposed to get done, I gave them multiple contacts on who to you know, who to contact who to contact and when we were on our way to the airport, My one boss did say, can you call me when you have a sec? I tried to call him. He didn't answer and then he never tried to get ahold of me again. So I literally didn't I literally didn't even worry about work. And I and I worry a lot about like, oh should I check in or oh, did I forget something or whatever so I felt even more disconnected because I literally just didn't ya care as I should when I'm on vacation, you know, like I was a little worried about being unemployed. When we get to where we're going so yeah, if anybody is hiring that you know of in the Tampa Bay st. Petersburg area, please let me know because I need a job. I don't think you're going to have a problem getting a job. But yeah, let him know me either. Yeah, preferably. It's $50 an hour or salary 200,000. Yeah for the podcast preferably $100,000 minimum minimum because I'm fine, you know guys Haitian you get used to a certain lifestyle. It's hard to give up but I was looking at all the witchy shops in the Tampa Bay area. There's 10 or 15. Yeah, and they all and I've never worked at something like that, but I could totally see me doing that. Yeah, they're so even in the st. Petersburg area the last week. We were there the last like day we were there in the beginning of the month or in the beginning of February. I should say now because it's March but we walk down like downtown st.petersburg and there. A lot of like metaphysical like crystal shops and stuff. Yeah, and not to say that they're not good. But they vary too. Was it quantity over quality type thing. Yeah. It was like very small space. No tarot decks a lot of like touristy like jewelry like amethyst like bracelets or would you can be down for when the time is right, right. Like I feel like it's not going to be hard to find what we need but down the downtown. Area I went into like maybe five or six different shops. So there were a lot but not one of them did I feel like this is gonna be my home which he shot exactly. I didn't feel good walking into any of them. I felt like they were very set up to be in the downtown area to to for tourists or for people to come in that didn't really know anything and that wanted to get like a chakra necklace for their daughter because he's into that sort of thing. Yeah, so not to say that that's bad. You know, whatever. It's just we will find one. That is like so I think if I got a job at those places, I feel like I could really help it become something because to I mean, I don't want to toot my own horn, but I kind of am starting to learn what people want. Yeah from something like yeah because I I follow a lot of people on Instagram that are like I had I wish my local shop had this business pest this in this this and there's like the same things that you see over and over and over again like Just somebody nice. Yeah one nice person there to help me and feel like not alone, you know stuff like that. Like I want to be able to provide something like that, but be cool. I mean we right now we have the Boston Tea Room near us which is actually a pretty well-known, you know, metaphysical and store its enormous now. Yeah, they just moved locations. Anybody in this area was ever heard of it. I mean they carry a ton of literature on all types of metaphysical things the Worth looking at like back home in Texas. We had a little witchy shop. Yeah, and I had this tiny little bookshelf and bless their heart. Yeah, it's all they had. It was just the worst books. I'd ever seen in my life. And that's not that's not what I'm about. I want to have you have like four times the amount of metaphysical books that the most of the Barnes & Nobles have let's put oh, yeah. They have a huge Tarot deck selection. They have all types of new merch now a little bit more like tourist you type in the front now that they have more space they can open up their location was in the middle of a tourist Hot Spot. Yeah, you heard it didn't feel like that when he walked in like it felt really good. It still feels good. Now they just it's more Spacey which feels even more issues fascia spatial. That's more room. The thing about them too is that they have like 12 readers. They have all types of readers that are, you know, good for like Palm readers and Here our readers and mediums and crystal ball gazers and they have like all these readers that are there a couple of them have been there for decades and you know, you can book readings and things like that and their new space. They have like three stones. Yeah, like it's really legit and it's really established. I've got multiple readings from there. I feel like they were really well done. Even for the readers that were newer to the space. They did a good job, you know, and now they have this whole t space on the other side where they can sell tea. And you can sit down and it's all like mixed good herbal teas. Like if I can't find a metaphysical shop even sort of good as good as that I'm going to feel like I'm itching for something because I've always just been right there, you know, and there's a couple other ones too near us, but you always just go there. Yeah, and nothing that I found in St. Pete yet has been even close to that. So that'll be excited to try and like explore and find her sure. I know right? See ya. The ocean. The other thing is is like we still don't know where we're living. So little Skyler has no job and he also has no idea where we're going to be living somebody else drove his car down. So he's Carlos and I'm also Carlos right now. So like love Mercury retrograde for me. Yeah. I'm literally stuck. Yeah, you are literally being forced to just be taken care of which my God, what a burden for you. So yeah, we're excited to explore whatever. Area, I mean no matter where we where we end up house wise. It's going to be within 15 to 20 minutes probably of the downtown st. Petersburg area if not even closer than that. So it's still I don't know it'll be exciting. It's real now. Whereas when we filmed last podcast before we went on vacation and I feel so much more real. Yeah today than it did seven days ago that it is. Actually helped pack a little bit. That is a lot for me to try and take in right now because I got to go pee false alarm. You didn't have to poop. No, I didn't I didn't cause that because I was like, maybe it's poop. So I grabbed another beer. Oh, yeah. Do you have to go to work tomorrow? I do do you yes devastated? Yeah, you know when you take a week off and you're like I could get used to this. Yeah for sure. Oh, do you hear that beer? That is Severe that's what that is. Please don't because it's going to speak. In my tea is not in the towel. I used to clean up. Sammy spills is getting crushed. Did you hear about that celebrity that died with a knife was her name like Reese. Let me let me humor you Weatherspoon. No with a knife. Oh my God, if I have to think about that joke one more time. I swear to God. Do you know what time it is? Oh my God teeth. Spell the T. So it's teatime thing about this right before we started the podcast about how this specific Mercury retrograde. You know, usually, I don't feel super impact is sometimes it's markets are gay and I don't know that it is right this time. I feel very involved very very at the whim but I was reading some posts that people are making about this specific retrograde being very transitory. Okay, people are being in forced to make decisions forced to move things forced to really make big decisions during a retrograde which usually doesn't happen. I feel like do you remember why they said that so other people are moving. Yeah during this time to a lot of people are moving changing jobs buying houses. All year. Jupiter is in Capricorn. So that is like it's a big year for people to be making big moves and concerns with career. And also Saturn is spinning Capricorn and Pluto imagine doing all of that during a retrograde because yeah things are going wrong quote-unquote wrong. So it feels like being wrong, but I know what you mean. Yeah, things are just not going to plan an astrologer. Yes not about wrong about right wrong good bad, but why get it it's wrong you're wrong. But you know when things aren't going perfectly it is like I can't make a decision now. I have to wait for everything to fall into place and then I can make my decision. And sometimes that's not an option during a retro Grand and that's what people are feeling. I'm I have to make decisions and now it's not the time. I want to be exactly and doesn't feel like any decision that I make is going to be the right one. No, but I just have to like make one and live with it and just go with the flow. That's such a terrible lesson for Virgos server goes because yeah, sometimes you have to make a decision and especially with my Libra moon making a decisions hard enough. Yeah big decisions when I'm not sure what's happening. It just feels double tough Mia. More so my Taurus Moon, that's like okay. I'm really stubborn and I really have a hard time with like quick change. I am a Gemini so I'm adaptable but I like change in my own pace and if I'm forced into change outside of my comfort zone, it makes me extremely emotionally unstable as you've seen. Yeah, so I mean, I feel a little out of the loop with astrology right now on what's going on Mercury retrograde wise. Normally. I'm a little bit more tuned in and what Other transistor, I mean I have a general idea of where most of the planets are but I just totally disconnected and even the week before when I mean it's been about a month since I felt really integrated with astrology. I was doing a lot of tarot and stuff like that and yoga and meditation when I was in Florida last month, but as far as astrology goes, I just really haven't had time to kind of plug in so I feel I don't know exactly why if there's other factors or if it's because the certain sign that it's in or whatever is Is why someone would claim that you know, but I can tell you one like a bigger scale. You know, the outer planets are the big the big the big boys the big rule makers shift makers and stuff like that and the inner planets the personal planets as they also call them, you know affect us more on a day-to-day life. So whenever you have things like Mercury retrograde or you know, Mars transiting a certain house, you know, it's not going to stay there for too long. It's going to come and go and it might make things feel really intense. For short periods of times but having a Mercury retrograde at all this year with the planets that we have transiting on that sign of Capricorn. Yeah, it's gonna be a lot of restructuring a lot of governmental things. A lot of authority of things a lot of rules being an adult, you know, figuring out, you know, how to get your shit done whether you like it or not goals aspirations achievements in expecting to like Father figures or things. That I just flew out of the room like a balloon. I triggered you connect with Dad. But when when you have Jupiter in the sign of Capricorn like this is the Year y'all if you're listening and you've ever thought about changing your career or going bigger or going for the promotion or applying for that job that you think that you'll never get because you know, why would you waste your time applying for it like apply for it? Because this is the year where that sort of thing is, really? Ali going to be there is an energy to propel you exactly especially when it comes to far distance travels or foreign cultures or foreign languages plus careers and structure and you know, the way that we are focusing on our achievements like those two things mix them up in a blender and there's a cocktail for moving across country for career changes or whatever a lot of other different things. You know, your company could be taking on a new Branch, you know, Abby. a broad seas and you might not even think that that there's a possibility for you to transfer their or to communicate with another but there is people so the time that alone just Jupiter being in there, especially with Pluto and Saturn still in Capricorn and I think Saturn transits into Aquarius, I believe in the beginning or the middle of this month or the end of this month, she'll get weird which will signify my the I think At the end of my Saturn return. I think it might retrograde back one more time, but I do feel like I'm in it. Like I feel like it's so weird good moment for myself here to reflect because I have been taught about more about transits and about astrology since I was young, you know, and I might not have really realized the effects of it until I really started picking it up over 10 years ago. When I started spending time with my grandma, however, Saturn return was always something my grandma spent a Of emphasis and time with me on and there were so many things that I tried to predict and understand and you know, there was so much anticipation leading up into it. It was so weird because in the beginning of 2019 when shit hit the fan for me emotionally mentally and you moved here and it was like everything what I was in my darkest I've ever felt and it was like I felt like how is my Saturn return? Already here. It just felt like like is this not it? Is this it like what's going on? And then when I got out of it and realize like where I was and what was happening I was like, oh that's that was the beginning like that was what it felt like again. I'm not trying to scare anybody. I mentioned this a lot like Saturn return is beautiful for a lot of people and it's not scary and it's not hard and it's not difficult however my placements and what was going on with me. It just didn't turn out that way and I'm like put like, of course it didn't write like really just your luck. But like I've met a lot of people and I do a lot of readings for people where it's like, oh hell. Yeah. Look at this sad return look at you get married buying the house getting a new animal, you know, I mean shit, you know getting a raise whatever it is. Look at you adulting up you're ready for it you're here for I was not with all the preparation just like it's not in my turn. I don't have a lot of good placement for this and so Journey and over the past year in 2019 and getting myself to where I'm like, oh, wait a minute. I have to get like haircuts every 14 weeks because if I don't then my hair is gonna fall out and that's something that I didn't know. I was so emotionally connected to because all this like the little things that I didn't realize were part of my journey into a Saturn adulthood like looking back. That was a big thing. Just that alone talking about that. Like I hated to get my hair cut my hair was super long. Loved it. However, I was deficient in nutrients and being in the year. I was depressed and I was going through a really stressful time personally and all my hair was falling out and I was devastated and didn't know what to do. I was like that was just one little flavor of what was happening, but it doesn't seem like oh that's a Saturn return thing, but it was something that was teaching me. Wait. I have to be an adult and this is something I need to take care of my body. I need to be more aware of what's going on all those little things. Things that's just one example, like over the past year that I had to kind of grow the fuck up. I feel like it's all culminating to what we're about to do it exactly like it was I feel like I am prepared for this major shift and if you guys go back and listen to the podcast, there's more even in my videos, there's multiple times. We're not just me, but you also like I still I feel like you could feel the rumbling of change around. Of I knew something like this was going to happen like I fucking I don't know how I knew it. We were on vacation. Somebody sent us a link to one of our old podcast episodes where you and I both drew the tower and we both guests that we're moving to the beach really remember that was what the episode was don't it was oh it guys go back. It was called the walls or buzzing with change one of our do, you know one of our do you have your phone? Can you look when we recorded that one of our least popular episodes by the way people? Where were you? Yeah, where were you I just have known something big was going to happen like this and it is as prepared as you would think that you would be for that like knowing that my God. It was August of 2019. Okay episode 19. I knew 1919-20 1900 cool dude. Yeah. I just there's all these little things. I feel like the deep dark. like feeling of Pluto's influence and everything that's done you were in general this year. I think I'm me in 2019 in the beginning of 2019 and like feeling like the pull of the certain transits that were going on in my chart and then all these other planets meeting to it in the end of last year and the beginning of this year. It was like, okay, you did all the hard work and you went through all the deep and dark secrets like you went through all of these really difficult mental mind Fox and like personality of the yeah. And like you needed to I needed to uproot and upload and like really look at some dark shit that I was going through that I felt like I had under control and I did not think you were leveling up assist all last year that I am devastated to move away from however, I will be continuing Sussex sessions with him via Skype if I can or whenever I do come back to Michigan which sounds like it's going to be quite frequent. You know, I'm gonna try to have sessions with him still but I'm devastated. I cried really Hard and then he was like, it's okay. He didn't tell me to stop crying but like her therapist was like stop crying. I know that's I needed to take that little monologue for myself because looking back on my Saturn turn if I were to get rid of everything and just look at like the actual Transit dates like right now is literally the conjunction like I just went through I think I don't I wish I could pull it up on my phone. I don't know what degree it is, but it's literally sitting directly on my Saturn in the last few days. And so yes, obviously you can say that the biggest thing for my Saturn return is that we're moving for a career change across country, you know get more side of return than that does it but looking back I know that I went through my actual Saturn return leveling up like tests All In 19 through all of these little culmination of things that felt really really heavy you passed with flying colors. Now I'm here and I'm like, yeah, whatever will fucking move, you know, I mean, I don't know it's just kind of wild mmm, and now what so now I'm throwing I think we've said this a few times me watching you kind of figure figure that out because for me it's still five years away. Yeah, and I'm thinking about the decisions that I'm making now and me reading about My planets and stuff that's going to be out. I can see things that are happening to me today that are pointing towards my own side, especially things that I've read about the planets and things that are happening now and the things that I feel like I'm wanting now, there are more long-term would technically be completed at the end of my side and reach right? Like if I wanted to go back to school. I should be done by the beginning of my Saturn return. So like if you get your shit together my shit together with Falcon and I feel like Looking at it that way like really trying to level up right before my return right and really interested in seeing how that is going to play out. Yeah, like getting ahead of the game. I'm gonna think that I'm or outsmart sadder. I'm trying I'm thinking that I'm getting ahead of the game. Yeah sure side. It'll be like you've you fucking thought that's me to like there was certain things where I'm like, I'll probably have to deal with that. And so I was like sort of trying to deal with it and then what happened I can't I feel like very like I feel so stupid for being like I can't tell you what And but in January of last year, there was something really traumatic with with people in my life that was going down. I cannot say because it's affects another person and if it gets out it really like it was a big deal, but nobody could ever fucking predict that happening. Yeah, but I learned so many aspects of what I thought I would be learning but in a completely different way than I ever imagined and so about myself And just about being a human and about interacting with people I care about or even don't care about you know, like there's just I don't know like it's it was I don't know. It's crazy crazy, but again not too heavy deep and heavy and whatever because sometimes sad and returns for people are beautiful and that's not the transit that they need to go Smith. It's not the transit that they are gonna have difficulties and it really just depends. But for me, it was a doozy and we're here and we fucking hey that my mom made it the most adult thing I've ever done in my life. Yeah was like two weeks ago when I made a doctor's appointment by myself. Yeah without Mom calling for me to set it up. Yeah, I'm doing all of it and then I just show up. Like I was the kid that grew up in like my mom's boil mom talked for me. He's having this this and this and then I'd like No, I still do that for you. I know but when I went to the doctor for myself I had to speak on my own behalf. And I had to let's make sure that I was being heard and stuff and that felt very dull and like it just kind of felt like my first taste of it so I'm scared not scared, but I'm like, what's a better word? I'm very excited. Yeah, do you like what the future I don't have in store for me. I love that you're sad. I kind of you know, so I we were driving to the we're driving to the airport and we're driving to the airport and Allison called me my friend my best friend Allison and oh, yeah, and I was like Skylar. I'm about to merge onto the highway. Will you answer it and see what you want to say? Hi, you know, she's like hi and she's like hi. I got like here. She's like, how's it going? What are you doing? Blah blah blah and like Skylar. Literally, sometimes I regressed to being nine years old because I'm just like I don't want to talk to you on the phone right now. Mama. I don't like Skylar is the worst and talking on the phone and literally gave like he confused her. How can I be like a tear a podcaster? But the worst telephone conversation smart a settle down. So Alex and I were gonna order the pad thai on the phone, but I chickened out and I was like we have to order it while we're there. Yeah, so I was like I was like tell her what's going on like tell her what's going on and that's why she's calling. She's calling to figure out because she's driving down to Florida with us on the 12th. So she's just calling to update I haven't talked to her and you know, she was just seeing what was going on and where we were and body yada and so Skyler's like giving her bare minimum and if not anything she's confusing her more. I'm like you're driving me crazy. I was like, she's a double Virgo. You need to give her more information than that. She's calling. She's in Sky Lewis knows. Nose and then she I can hear her asking more questions on the phone and Skyler being like, you know, like we're here we're here we're queer. You know, I was like, oh my God, you're killing me Carly's in the backseat going. You're the fucking worst. And I was like get let me just let me talk to her and Sky logos. Hold on Allison. My mom wants to talk to her like that is our Dynamic for sure like in all I Actuality, I'm not your mom. I'm like your big fucking bossy sister. Yeah, but like we joke about it because I do have a lot more of like a mom attitude, but my sister I've talked about this you and my sister are the same age. Yeah. I've always thought that my sister was so much like older and wiser and just like my older sister. Yeah, but with you, I don't feel that way not be. Okay. It's weird because I don't feel like there's an age difference between us sometimes I do and sometimes I don't Like because we're such good friends and I feelings. I see it more than other times. Yeah, actually when you're doing like more adult stuff. Yeah that I'm not doing. Yeah, okay, like being an adult and sometimes I look at you and I'm like, you're a fucking child and others in like I'm a man baby. I'm a man child, you know, and what about Carly and my best friend's is so grown-up. Yeah in my by the way Skylar attracts the same type of fucking woman to him wherever he goes. He needs a strong strong assertive woman assertive Taurus woman. He needs Taurus woman energy to just fucking bully him around that's what he needs. Y'all think I'm being mean to him. No, he literally like sit in a tractor to him because Carly and I are the same fucking person. I sometimes feel Really bad because I'm like, oh, maybe I'm being too harsh or maybe I'm like bullying and much or like maybe I'm like, I like to come up to my room and brood. I like maybe I'm being like too pushy Forum or maybe I should let him live his life, you know and then live Taurus women in my life won't let me do that. And then I see him with Carly and how Carly communicates with it. I'm like, oh no, that's the same fucking way. I talked to him and he just lets it happen. And in fact, I think he likes it. I think he needs it. I like how having Direction. Yeah in the tourist woman in my life give me directions. Uh, sometimes you just need someone to point the way sometimes you can either tracted the women into my life that are willing to point the way. Yeah, I feel like even I don't even know your big sister, but like I feel as though she gives that sort of energy to like if you need it. She'll be there to guide you. She'll be there to like tell you where to go and what to do and like my sister's incredible. I think that she doesn't have tours placements like you guys are so she Doesn't have that same grab me and like Point me into a Direction. That's not off the cliff, right? My child would like a monkey leash like scallops. Stop it come over here and I yank you and you're like, okay. I just want to go off the cliffs. You're such a fool. You're so full sun card energy, which is good. But my sister has always she's Capricorn Sagittarius. Okay mixtures. Yeah, and wow, so very very there. Very adult very like if you want me to fix this for you. I will but if you don't ask me I will not okay, that's cool. So that's that's always that's always been her Dynamic for me. It's always been really nice having that. I'm there if you need me there if you need me, I'm there if you need me, but I won't. Figure it out for you. If you don't want me to know I'll do it all for you whether you like it. You'll like it and you'll do what I say. Yeah. Well, we did it. We win an hour. We completed another podcast episode and we have one more here in Michigan, right? Um, where do you want to pre-record to just in case things get crazy? I don't know why I have to play it. I think if we did the podcast after only being in Florida for a few days ago day or two, that would be a good episode because we'd be like guys. Yeah, we've been here for like five minutes we should be able to find like An hour's worth of time to be able to film with I guess, you know, the meditators always say like if you don't have five minutes to meditate you need to meditate for an hour, so we didn't pull any cards yet. Do you want to iMovie still have a couple minutes? Dude? You have a deck gonna like pull some cards or the pig another world. So I just want to mention we're what packing the house like we're packing us today. We packed house before left for vacation. I'm trying to get as much packed as possible were supposedly having a couple of storage containers on Friday calm. So every suppose Possibly. Yeah figure that out at the moment. But you know, we're going to be living from Friday till Thursday of next week with the bare minimum, which is been basically what I've been I've been living out of a suitcase since the beginning of 2020, right and then we're going to be driving down living in a suitcase and hopefully web house. I don't know and then when we do we're still gonna have to unpack and start our job. So spirituality right now and like content which was supposed to be mighty. Something up real quick is basically like right now I am not I can't give readings. I barely can pull cards for myself. I'm journaling as much as I can. But right now I'm traveling and yada yada like my spirituality and my my rituals have to be really adaptable which is fine. But you know, I've been doing yoga on the go. I've been really trying to meditate at night things like that. Like I am kind of just gonna I have a mindset at least this next week while were packing to have fun and to be creative with the way that I connect to Spirit and my spiritual practices whether you know their spells whether it's pulling cards to myself whether whatever like I'm going to be really crazy spirituality Sports supposed to be there for us during these moments exactly. But no I am the kind of person that likes ritual. I like creating videos. I like talking to people I like doing my witchy book club. I like my client readings I like you know doing my ritualistic you know things that I do with my spirituality and not being able to the to do that makes me feel like I don't have it at all sometimes don't have to because like even when I'm traveling I feel like I set a certain ritual while I'm traveling like look here's my Dax I'll pull a couple cards in the morning I'll do yoga on the deck of wherever I'm staying or you know what I mean like or I'll write my journal or look at my astrology chart or yada yada so that's my goal for this next week and even two weeks but we'll just talk about until the next podcast is to be as creative as I can about the way I connect to my practices my magical and spiritual practices I'm really excited to see I pulled Justice for my week ahead yeah just like in as you can stop and to me that feels very rough very on the money yeah I mean me decisions are going to be pulling plugs at work yep cutting ties there it just feels very straight would definitely have to be like you're on indeed and stuff like that right now trying to find jobs trying to have interviews trying to like you know look at different systems here trying to make sure all your for the where that came through was like trying to get to like okay there's all this stuff that I've been guessing about moving and guessing about trying to find a job I need to find out what the truth is I need to find out out what's going on what I'm going to do and Way my literally weigh my options. Yeah, make this we haven't really been able to do that even because even if you could have done a little bit we had to kind of wait for George to get down there and he's not even down there yet. He's still driving and then even then it's like it's hard to find your options when you don't know exactly where you're going to live like, yeah, you know, I'm trying to find something as close to our home as possible in case my car situation. Do you feel like your car is like going to explode guys, I think I have this weird hyper fixation on carbs that big of a deal like your car and yeah I feel like I've always had this dream of being a bike commuter like I'm a bike guy okay you can do that but it doesn't mean that you can't drive I don't know it's just weird I mean I have like a what you get I don't know what this one is because it's a new deck it's the one that Skylar Gabriel arrows or I think that's the page of pages no ones are ones and that deck so arrows are swords okay I it's the little monsters Terror that he gave me last episode and I haven't been able to play with it because if you heard I forgot my shit Olivia pepper really went off when she wrote that guidebook okay I'm just looking at this guidebook a little bit oh no I did it come up reversed I think it did but read the reverse of this to see for friends don't think it did I don't know reverse as blah blah blah the child of arrows reverse is all talk and no action all bark and no bite just a lot of empty words take care to say what you mean and mean what you say and surround yourself with those who do the same I feel like I don't have time for that so I'm going to say that it's upright okay because I honestly like I have to mean when I say and say what I mean because I have a week and a half and I just need to get my shit tied up you know like it needs to come to an end um I'm actually just going to read it it's not that long and then well it's so good it's worth it just just to hear the wisdom of the few literally translate translates from the Greek To Love of wisdom child of arrows is certainly a philosopher and is especially interested in uncovering the truth oh my God the Justice look at those little and 10 I tuned in to the world investigating everything curious eager attentive and perceptive the child of arrows is a natural communicator and seeks to understand the world through asking questions no stone unturned every Theory tested Possibility investigated sometimes this energy because of the youthful in experience of all the children in the courts can move a little too quickly. I don't know. I feel like that was worded a little weird. It can be a Restless hungry mind that jumps from one thing to the next without fully absorbing the lessons that are offered. It can also very easily represent a person who speaks without thinking auditing unwillingly unwittingly spreading gossip or rumors or hurting ends and loved ones without with unsolicited advice or information. Whatever get over it while the mind of the child of arrows is oppressed precious Jewel it is advisable to set that Jewel carefully and something that helps direct its frenzied crystalline beam given a mental tasks or problem to Wrangle with the child of arrows is a great gift without focus is an it is an undeniable hassle. Okay. That was fun. That was cool. But how I'm seeing this Very much is this is all very new to me. I have moved in my life. Like I don't know. Yeah, same I've moved doesn't orderly 15 times. If not more. So moving is not that big of a deal. I'm really used to moving quick to it's more. So like I'm normally moving maybe at most 15 20 minutes away. Yeah. So this is a different ball game to me and I feel like I'm prepared for moving but it's I have to think really this is all new. So I'm going to make it a game. I'm going to have try to make it as fun as I can. I'm gonna just ask questions and learn as much as I can and try to you know tie up. I think that the page is like it implies that now is not the time to even assume that you're an expert. It's not even the time to assume that, you know anything. It's like exactly but I do have the tools to get it done and to do to do it while and I've done it before it's just, you know, this is just new to me and I'm just going to have to You know if it's newest new people when the fucking spelling bee is what I'm getting at. All right, that's what I feel about that. Anyway, speaking of which thank you guys so much for listening to today's podcast. We will see you next week on Monday. Thank you so much to our supporters. We love you so much and we really really appreciate that you guys support our podcast. If you don't support the podcast and you would like to there is a link to wherever you're listening to this on. Platforms or also if you're listening to it on YouTube, hopefully I can get it up on YouTube. I think I've missed a couple episodes but they'll be a link in the description where you can support the podcast just like a patreon or something like that. You can support it. If you like it for a dollar five dollars or 10 min if you don't like it and if you don't like it support it because it's Skyler doesn't have to sit next to onion lady when we fly. Yeah, and then also even if you just clicked on this and listened, we appreciate it is supporting us. Us and if you feel so inclined to share it either on your Instagram stories, which a lot of you guys do which makes us feel really cool or somewhere. That's that's also helping us people that make the really pretty Instagram posts and input gifts on it fun. I love it makes me feel so good. So anyways, thank you guys, and we'll see you. See you guys next time week. Bye.