Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that. princess between what they expect from a C2 level student in comparison to see one level student looking at the teachers handbook some key words struck me the words good generally and limited appear linked to the C1 level in contrast with a wide range and with ease which appear related to To the C2 level. So it seems that they expect us to deliver our speech showing proper control over a wide variety of complex grammar structures and vocabulary and to do so with he's correct pronunciation and intonation and very little hesitation. It doesn't sound so easy to be honest, especially during an exam, but for what it's worth. It's if you passed the see what level you are in an excellent place to start as far as I'm concerned. I am going to pay close attention to my grandmother and try to get rid of stupid mistakes those that I make an account of not paying attention and I also intend to learn and use heaps of new vocabulary words collocations phrasal verbs idioms and expressions. Yes, but I'll tell you more about how I intend to do this in future episodes apart from grammar vocabulary and pronunciation. They also expect that you are able to deal with delicate contentious matters namely those topics likely to cause this agreement and argument and they want you to do so persuasively and politely so other things to learn would be Sending your opinion assertively interrupting politely rebutting arguments and encouraging your partner to speak his or her mind if you need to now, let's talk about the different tasks. As you know, the speaking paper consists of three parts, which is one of the differences with the C1 Advanced which has poor parts and in case you were wondering if there is one task that was removed in the C2 proficiency. It is the spider Graham, you know that diagram with one big question in the middle and different related ideas to discuss. However, the remaining tasks are not identical. Although I wouldn't go so far as to say that they are like night and day because they indeed share some commonalities. All right, so let's talk about each And see some differences the first part is an interview and it's actually almost indistinguishable from that in the C1 Advanced first. They will ask where you're from and if you are studying or working and then they will ask one more question to each candidate. You do not have to talk to your partner, but it's not like it's forbidden the difference is that At the questions may be a little bit more sophisticated and they will expect a more elaborate detail response. So for example instead of asking do you schedule out what you have to do every week? They may ask some more complex questions such as how important is time management in life, but to be honest not all example passions. I've seen our brother In scope nor necessarily more complex the key I think is how we respond to that. So instead of answering. Oh, I do plan everything because I'm a mess. Otherwise, you could say something along the lines of well, as far as I'm concerned time management is Paramount, since it enables us to do more in less time rarely. Do I neglect planning out my week beforehand? And and when I do all my efforts to be productive or in vain since I don't have a clear priority for that day or that week and I end up juggling different tasks and finishing none. So independently of the complexity of the question we can always elaborate more broaden the scope of the subject. It's no longer about what I do, but about what time management means to me on top of that we are using sophisticated vocabulary and advanced grammar structures. I don't think we need to overdo it like this in every answer. But the more we practice the more comfortable we will be on the day of the test. If you want me to release an episode on different questions and possible answers in part 1 let me know and I will make it happen. The second part is a collaborative task. They will give us spoken instructions and one or several photographs as a basis for the task first they will Ask us to focus on one or two of the pictures and we'll have to talk with our partner about some aspects of them as for the types of questions. They are varied they can ask for your opinion on a particular matter. What kind of something you would prefer and why for example method of Transport accommodation or whatever the topic the kind of Sounds you would expect to hear in each of the settings. So again anything goes but remember do not waste your time describing the pictures focus on the task and only describe to the extent that it is relevant to the completion of the task. And by the way, and this also goes for the second task. Listen carefully as you won't have the instructions to complete the task reading. Paper and although you are allowed to ask for clarifications. It's a bit of a waste of time. All right, so you'll have a minute to talk with your partner about these pictures and then they'll give you new instructions this time. They will provide you with a decision making tasks using the rest of the pictures. This can be something like I'd like you to imagine you're working for a nonprofit organization and you are in charge of choosing an image for the new campaign Against Animal Cruelty. Which one do you think would be the most suitable and why and just remember that there are not correct or incorrect answers speak your mind and don't worry about what others are going to think about your opinion. This is a test and we all know it just bear in mind that as I said before it's not about What your ideas are it's about how you communicate them. You need to be respectful but assertive also remember that you are expected to interact with your partner. So listen carefully respond appropriately and give him or her the opportunity to speak and if you're going to interrupt to so politely I would like to expand on ways to do this in the future. But just as an example instead of just jumping in and speaking when our partner is talking we could say something along the lines of May. I just say that or excuse me for interrupting, but I like to add or if you would allow me to add a comment here. And as for a few didn't arguments instead of I totally disagree with you because we could say if you don't mind I'd like to take issue with what you just said or I'm afraid. I can't quite agree with your point. I would say that it is worthwhile to take note of some of these phrases and by all means use them to the point of exhaustion when you are practicing because no doubt You'll need them and I wouldn't worry about the time just keep talking. They examiner will stop you when the time is up. Let's move to the third and last part the long turn and discussion and as its name suggests, this part comprises two different tasks in the first task The Examiner will ask you a question, which you have on paper two and three bullet points with ideas. You may want to use you don't have to though that's up to you, but you need to focus. On the question in the teachers handbook they give these two examples what makes people work more effectively and the bullet points are rules rewards other people and for the other candidate, how can City Transport Systems be made to work better? Investment staffing organization. So this is how it works first. They give you a card and they asked the question then you have up to 10 seconds to think about it and then they will ask you to start then you'll have to speak for 2 minutes Non-Stop and do not mind the time they will thank you when they want you to stop. After that, they will ask your partner a related question. So bear in mind that this will also happen to you in your partner's turn. It is therefore advisable that you listen to your partner. So you get some ideas to talk about and finally after your partner has answered the question. They'll go back to you and ask for your opinion on the same matter. So again, listen to the question, they ask your partner and his or her reply because you'll have to talk about the same topic. So in summary in each term one person will speak for two minutes about the question in the card. Then they'll ask a related question to the other candidate then they'll go back to the first candidate to ask for his or her opinion and then they'll do do it all over again for the second candidate and that would be the first task of the third part the second task consists of a discussion between the candidates about a particular topic The Examiner. We lead the discussion addressing several questions to both of you and you are expected to exchange ideas agree and disagree give and justify your opinion Etc. So what I said before about disagreeing and interrupting politely applies to this part 2 again, I intend to do an episode on each task and useful phrases you could use but if you are interested in one in particular that we know and I will give priority to that. That's all for today. By the way, if you want to appear on the show, you can send me a voice recording through anchor or you can also mail it to me. I'll leave you the address in the show notes. And if you have already taken the C2 proficiency exam or you are a teacher and you would like me to interview you you can also contact me and tell me why you would like to appear on the show again, if you enjoyed the episode, don't forget to subscribe and share. Share with anyone you think might be interested and if you have 2 minutes to spare, I would really really appreciate a quick rating and review your ideas will help me improve create meaningful content and reach more students. Also check the show notes for links to my Instagram account and the Facebook page and other resources mentioned in this episode. Thanks so much for listening and I'll catch you next time.