Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk about power. Let's talk about it. Let's talk about power. We know that the fundamental right of the third chakra is the right to do and act and we know that taking action takes power personal power that comes from inside. Have you ever Known someone who just gets things done. They're the person who call if you really need to get a project done or organize something or like those amazing young people who do huge things and you think to yourself. Wow, you know, and she's only 20 that's a third chakra dominant person and when the third chakra is supported by authenticity and balanced emotional reactions. That's when magic happens now, I think we need to be careful about confusing personal power. Or empowerment with willpower. They're not the same. Although you could definitely say they're related willpower to me is sort of a forced power. It relies on us being hyper-vigilant about what we do or don't do it requires a lot of attention and it's exhausting it works short-term and you can you know, you can drum up some willpower you can get a lot done but it is it's tiring. It's tiring to constantly be forcing that energy out of your body and but having personal power or being empowered to act or not act for your own highest good is a little different it isn't easy or mindless, of course, but the amount of energy it takes is less and the energy becomes self-sustaining the longer we experience really having personal power personal example. I used to hate yoga. I didn't see the point. It wasn't I didn't consider it a workout. I just didn't like it and then a few years ago. I tried again partly because I had to because my job at the time and while I still found it uncomfortable I decided that this time I really wanted to find out what all the fuss was about. So I made a commitment to myself to go twice a week for a year because I don't know I thought making a huge commitment was a good idea. Sometimes it is. Sometimes it isn't. Anyway, that's what I decided. So at first I was pushing with willpower. Power was constantly generating the motivation to go to yoga class, but the longer I went the easier it became to go. I was experiencing more power was being supported by my third chakra instead of forcing my third chakra to activate so over time. I became the kind of person who goes to yoga. I even started going more than twice a week because I felt so empowered to do so even when it was hard. I knew my solar plexus chakra would help provide the drive even when my mind came up with a million excuses. So when your solar plexus chakra is balanced and strong and supported you become the kind of person who does or doesn't do something someone who doesn't smoke for example doesn't have to use willpower to not pick up a cigarette. No, she's just not the kind of person who smokes a person looking to quit the Habit on the other hand has to find a way to become the kind of person who doesn't smoke to and that can be accomplished by building personal power in your solar plexus chakra. Now, let's talk about the concept of giving your power away now to be fair. There are things that are out of your control. There are situations in life that all the personal power in the world can't change. But what I'm talking about is when your solar plexus chakra So under active or out of balance, you think you don't even have power over yourself you always do which is so awesome because that means we always have the power inside to respond to situations in a way that serves us rather than thinking that someone or something else is responsible for what we do doesn't make sense. So what does giving your power away? They look like it could look like you thinking you don't have a choice about something and you always have a choice. You might not like the consequences of that choice very much. But you do have the choice. I could choose not to pay my taxes plenty of people make that choice the consequences of that choice are that I'm not contributing to the public services. I use and I Could get in trouble with the law. I don't like those consequences. So I choose to pay my taxes. You don't have to go to work. If you don't the consequences you could get fired. So you probably do choose to go but you do have a choice and I think that's super important for us to really own don't discount the power of your third chakra decide that you were going to own your power. Stop giving it away. way if there's anything that you take from this episode, let it be that you have so much personal power and that going forward you're going to respect yourself and the choices you make take back the power that you're giving away and store it up in your solar plexus become the kind of person who says and does the kinds of things you want to say and do I'm going to say that again become the kind of person who says and does the kinds of things you want to say and do if you want to be the kind of person who goes to the gym three days a week raise the vibration in your solar plexus chakra to build your personal power to go to the gym. If you want to be the kind of person who doesn't eat cake even at birthday parties, which is me and my husband says that's Rude, I disagree but that's a whole different topic. But if you want to be the kind of person who doesn't eat cake, you have to build up your personal power the fire inside you that lights your way and that work starts in the solar plexus chakra. There's a reason the element here is fire ambition drive and not not the greedy kind but the kind that lets you live in your highest self build your personal power. Take your power. Our trust in your power own it. Now there's one more aspect of personal power that I want to talk about and that's exerting power over others. So with the possible exception of small children or maybe people in your care, we need to be very careful about believing that we have control over people and their behavior or even control over their feelings when we think we have control over people. We're trying to take their personal power away. If we don't want that done to us, why would we do it to others? So what does that look like that could be as simple as you thinking your partner should act in a certain way and when they don't you get mad at them in an effort to make them change any time. We try to change someone we're trying to diminish their personal power their own spark and for me when I think about it that way. I don't want to be that kind of person. I'd rather be a person who just loves and accepts people for who they are. Even if it makes me uncomfortable. That's my issue to deal with that's my personal power. That's me taking ownership of my emotions and thoughts. I mean talk about power to own your emotions and your thoughts. That's that's an amazing gift that we all have now that that isn't to say that you can't For suggestions or guidance? I mean that's literally all I'm doing on this podcast is offering ideas to you that you can take or leave its in my personal power to offer and it's in yours to listen or dismiss them. And neither one of us is lessening the other with our actions. In fact, we're only building ourselves and each other up by encouraging the other to take power to take their own control over themselves their thoughts and their feelings. Yeah, and I'm certainly not saying that we can't take action to work towards Justice or peace or whatever your desire is, but doing it from a place of personal empowerment is worlds away from doing it from the standpoint of forcing changes in another person. Okay. So let's say I've empowered you to find your power. You're going to find your power. You're not going to give your power away and you're not going to exert power over other people. How if it was so easy, we'd already be doing it. Right well in this podcast we talk about balancing our chakras to meet weight loss goals. How can we use our personal power in the solar plexus chakra to reach those goals? The thing that has helped me and dozens of my clients is digging really deep inside ourselves to find out why we have those goals. How do we think it will make us feel a why builds power a why builds strength a why solidly understanding your why builds resilience in the face of challenges and obstacles. Because it keeps your fire lit a why helps your solar plexus chakra burn brightly and it helps lead the way. So instead of a traditional guided meditation today, I'm going to take you through an exercise called the five. Why's I love to do this with journaling or writing component? I encourage you to try that. But if you'd prefer to Simply think it through that's obviously your choice. All right, so maybe find a paper and pen if you are going to journal or sit quietly someplace and let's talk about those five. Why's Hey before we get to the meditation today. I wanted to let you know that I've added a listener support option to the show notes. If you feel like this show is bringing you value and that it's worth your support. Just go to the show notes and follow the link there your support will help me keep this podcast going. Okay, that's all. Thanks for listening. Now. Let's meditate. Find a comfortable seated position. Close your eyes and take three cleansing breaths in through the nose. And out through the mouth. Find yourself centered and grounded. Visualize a small yellow flame in your solar plexus chakra a few inches above your navel. As we move through the exercise. You'll notice that this flame grows brighter and stronger. Open your eyes to find your paper and pen. What is one goal that you would like to accomplish? Write it down. Why would you like to accomplish it? Write it down. And why is that important? How will it make you feel? Notice that the flame inside you is burning a little hotter. And why is that feeling important? if emotions begin to come up notice them let them be present. The fire of your third chakra is growing. Why are your reasons sparking passion in you? How will you feel if your if you accomplish your goal? Why do you want to feel that way? Sit with the feeling that you're wise created. Notice the feelings and the sensations in your body. When you finish simply take three more cleansing breaths. Let the flame continue to burn. It can be helpful to revisit these feelings any time you encounter an obstacle on your path. namaste thanks for listening. I always appreciate you spending a few minutes of your day with me and spending some time on your chakra system. Be sure to follow me on Instagram chakra balancing for weight loss and Facebook same thing, and you can always reach out to me at Chakra balancing for weight loss at gmail.com if you want to get in touch. Have a great day. Bye.