Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something. At the way Kevin's new system was looking at meetings sit. Right sounds like this is a job for the clothes. This is the last degree of Kevin Bacon episode 4. Okay. So here's the thing. It's called Frog and Toad are friends. When I first started thinking about the project in the 80s. I was going to do a straightforward adaptation, you know, and then all of a sudden indie films were all anybody was talking about when Soderberg made Sex Lies and videotape. I was like, whoa, that's Frog and Toad, huh? I see that see in the mid-90s disaster movies were the only game in town. We're talking twister Armageddon Deep Impact. So that iteration of frog and toad became less about their relationship and kind of more about them surviving the biggest Wave upon topless and ever seen caused by a meteor then came the war in Iraq and the whole thing became really really patriotic what with frog and toad getting deployed as bomb dismantling specialist. Wow, obviously from the her locker came out. I had to start from scratch then it became conceptually Frog and Toad, you know, a veritate naturalistic meditation about these two elderly men in a retirement home named frog and Todd. What do you think I'm too Close to this project right justjust say it. I really don't know which version to pitch the Paramount what if you do all of them really look Kev. This is just me as a movie fan talking right now, but I'd be so sad to lose any of it. I mean what is frog and toad are friends about if not meteors and and Todd but do you really think that they would all fit together? I mean the movie would have to be pretty long. Oh, yeah and expensive to yeah, whatever. What about the version of frog and toad? It's basically just the sixth sense if at the end Bruce Willis Turns out that he was a frog the whole time. Especially that one. Well, okay, but what about the version that's like Ocean's Eleven but it's swamps 11 only does not 11 of them are just two of them and the to our Frog and Toad we can totally fit that into ax 7 here. I mean, come on a hundred percent easy there Randy my answer to you. Is yes, let's do it Paramount open up that checkbook and make it out to Frog and Toad. It was so easy. I almost felt bad. So let me get this straight. You're going to make an entire feature film before you kill him. I don't know that seems strange and also elaborate kind of feels like you're stalling to me, maybe because you don't actually want to commit murder. Shut up Jeff. Okay. I called for your car. Not your All right. Yeah, here you go. You can borrow it as long as you want. Well good because you're the reason the U-Haul with all my worldly possessions is currently sitting in an impound lot in Calabasas. I want my stuff back Jeff my clothes my sunglasses my toothbrush. You should probably get a new toothbrush. It's been like a week and throw my money down the toilet like an old toothbrush. Forget it, you know, I wonder if I should the told Randy that Kyra Sedgwick has been following me. I'd been used in the Girls I'd gained has the closer to Trail Jeffrey for almost a week. Hope and dig up anything I could about this Randy bezel character. He was like a three-legged hound dog something about him didn't sit right. I tailed Bears low up the 101 to a little Ellie gum wad called, Calabasas. Can I help you? Yeah, do you have a U-Haul here registered under the name bass low. We sure do. Kyra Sedgwick Randy. What are you doing here me oh just you know taking care of some business isn't that a serendipitous co-inky-dink? I too have something to take care of. Okay, sir. I found huh? No, not really. That's not necessary ma'am. Just It came with the I stabbed out several movie posters for Footloose with Kevin Bacon's I stabbed out a shoe box containing stabbed out eyes and their eyes interesting my mind. Okay, stop. You know what been a huge mistake clearly that list of suspicious items and unhinged stalker memorabilia is not mine. That's a relief. Yes. I'm of those things sounded quite incriminating. Yeah would be but again not my you all because none of that is my stuff really crushed. Well fine by me. I only came in here really to tell you that that car there is not mine. You came all the way here just to tell us that right. In fact, none of these cars are mine. Well, that's not my car. That's not my car. That's not definite. That's not my car. I'll just go put the paperwork back and just to be clear. You can only release the U-Haul to the person whose vehicle it is. Correct. Correct. You want to say that again for her Kyra Sedgwick? Sure Kyra Sedgwick. I can only release the U-Haul to the person who is U-Haul it is and that is not me. Okay, great. Well, I've completed all the things I came all the way out to Calabasas to do so. So nice seeing you. Bye. Excuse me, ma'am. What time's your shift change? Kevin you down here. No, Kevin was sitting in his dark and music studio fiddling with his Ox cords completely undoing the organizational system. I had designed so I'm guessing the Paramount pitch didn't go so well, huh started off good but right as I was getting to the midpoint of the pitch and at the end of the eight that can get the big twist toad was a frog the entire time and then OG was a toad no, no Frank was a frog Kevin. I'm gonna stop you right there. I absolutely love your many conflicting takes on Frog and Toad. Yes. Yes very much. So guys that is so great to hear. I really think this movie is going to be something special and we are on the exact same page. Unfortunately. We already have a similar project in development and between you and me do the kids even know what a frog is anymore. Right? Right, and my biggest concern is it might actually make Make too much money. I mean, where would we put it all so does that mean it's a pass? No. Yeah, we don't like to use that word. It's very negative. But since you use that word, yes, the hardest of passes I couldn't believe the studio would pass sure. It was the worst movie possible. But this was still Kevin Bacon like Icarus. I'd flown too close to the Sun. Like that Greek piece of shit. I was going to stick the landing. That meeting doesn't sound that bad to me. Oh, no, did you pitch scares him suit? Well good. It should all truly revolutionary art scares people. Really? Yeah. In fact, I'm glad they said no because it means we are on the right track. Do you know many exact said no to Van Gogh when he pitched Starry Night by our we make a movie without a studio Kevin. No one needs a studio anymore all we need to do to get a movie made as attach some Stars. Let's just call up a bunch of your friends and get them attached here. Give me your phone. Whoa. Come on. What Kevin there's only like three names in here Kira Audio Solutions sales rep in someone labeled do not call. Who's that Rob Reiner, but did you lose your sim card or something? No, I really don't have what? I don't really have friends the Kevin. Come on. I don't believe that for a second six degrees. That's your thing. Come on. You're the most connected man in Hollywood. I know but I don't actually have a connection with anyone. Hollywood, I'll be honest with you when I was younger. I kind of saw every potential friend as a rival and I always chose building my career over maintaining friendships. I was surprised the man before me was lonely isolated sad, but I wasn't going to let that stop me from ruining his perfect life. Well, you know what, let's go party and make some friends right now. Come on. I'm sure you got invites to the hottest Hollywood parties. I actually do have some out back. I tossed all the insights into cures composting worm trough. So these hissing worms are there legal to own in the state of California? Ask her if she's tight with the police department. So I didn't ask questions. Oh, but they're miles are like really big and it seems like they're tracking me like someone was telling them bad things about me. Yeah. Yeah worms are going to warm. Okay here here are the invitations this what sounds fun Ricky Gervais is mayonnaise days a daytime mayonnaise Festival. None of the LA son of thank you. What about Rob Lowe's low down ho down ah mon Cala with Malala and okay. Well this just seems like a fundraiser for SeaWorld to get new electrified whale shackles. No, this is why I tossed all these invites onto the worm pile their warm food. Oh, what about this one M Night shyamalan's gone along you love Shyamalan have your ideas and frog and toad are inspired by his movies Kevin if you're going to get this movie made we got to go to one of these parties might as well. Lb this one, you know, even if I went to the party, I wouldn't know what to do. Honestly, I forgotten what it even means to be a friend Kevin. I think I know exactly what you need friendship lessons. All right, your first friendship lesson friends are honest with each other. Okay. Yeah, just like you and me exactly and because of that Honesty friends can say anything to each other seriously. So if they Mayhem IBM's are I'm just supposed to tell them how bad they've been lately. That's not going to happen Kevin because friends don't tell each other about their bowel movements. That's friendship lesson number two, but let's stay focused on trust are okay think of how bad you would feel if you found out someone you thought was your friend was lying to you. I don't have to think I know somebody just like that. Oh fuck was he talking about? Umm, Berg? Wait what Steve Guttenberg when we were filming died? We're together. We got pretty close. I considered him a good friend even told me about this project that he could get me a part on but when Diner wrapped he disappeared Into Thin Air, it wasn't until Police Academy was in the theaters. Did I find out he gave my part to Michael Winslow the sound effects guy. Yeah. That's the part that got away. My sound effects are great recruit. What is that? Why are you doing that? That's a boat. Stuck in a kelp bed clearly. I thought Gutenberg was my friend, but he lied to me. I looked at friendship different after that at first I didn't understand why Kevin Story made me so angry at Steve Guttenberg Furious actually, but then I realized I must have just been jealous. I wanted to hurt Kevin as much as Gutenberg head. It seemed like I've been waiting longer than a hound dogs howl and Summer for the staff the impound switch out. But when the time finally came that old clerk went out faster than Tuesday's trash after Friday. Fish fry. Y'all don't have to roll out the Welcome Wagon for little old me. Holy cow. Oh my you know who I am. Are you kidding at this Cantina? You are a fan. I am is an understatement. I'm practically a Dutch windmill. Ah, cool, you're even wearing your iconic closer Blazer. Of course, I always wear this. Do you think you could help me retrieve my You Haul anything for you Kyra Sedgwick see here. Once that. All right Feeny vehicles under the name Sedgwick. That's because it's under a different name. Oh. I see is something matter. I hope I didn't offend you with my steady eye contact welcome smile. It's just that the income guidelines forbid me from leasing a vehicle over to anyone other than the person whose name it is under. I'm sure if you made an exception just this once no one would know afraid I would known as Sedgwick and while I hold much esteem for your acting Talent, you'll find my position is firm quite unmovable by any of the tricks in mental games you may have Picked up during your story 109 episode run is Atlanta. Grown. La Deputy police. Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson. Then I hope you like soft-spoken folksy conversation with more southern-fried colloquialism than you can jiggle a willow tree at because I'm staying right here until closing time closer in time time for me to get closer and for you to get clothes at all. Okay, I think I got it friends are honest with each other up friends friends. Don't talk about BMS friends. Listen to each other's problems friends have shared non Kevin Bacon Centric interests, right and Friends forgive. Ya good. Well, you forgot friends never leave each other hanging out to dry. But you got the rest. Come on. I think you're ready for the party. Yeah, but how do I know if it's working? What? Why do I know if I'm actually making friends that was a hard question. How do you describe what a friendship actually feels like I decided to explain it. The only way I knew how the side effects of friendship include trust intellectual engagement being heard fun related time flying and laughter laughter. Oh cool. I love laughter, dude. Do you wanna know what? Laughs? Okay, I guess ha ha ha. Oh you doing it now? Okay. It had been years since I left myself laugh like this, even if it was fake and only meant to lull Kevin into a false sense of security. I found myself actually starting to enjoy it. That was nice. We we should have Frog and Toad do that. Haha. Yeah, I'd have to remember to laugh like that when I was standing over Kevin's cold dead body. M Night shyamalan's nighttime Kong along the place was packed with a-listers rubbing elbows and banging enormous ceremonial gongs. This was it I had arrived. Mr. Kevin Bacon and his unfamous plus one your knowledge sirs. I'm nervous Randy. What if I can't remember my friend lessons and nobody wants to be my friend and then nobody wants to be in my movie. You can do this. Okay? Okay, Colin Firth. Hey laugh with me ha ha ha it didn't help that. He was actually talking to Colin Farrell. But either way Kevin was Baptists. Hey, I'm Kevin. What's your name? It's Tom. Hey, Kev, Kev, great stuff love the initiative, but you don't need to be friends with the catering. Her I'm sorry Tom. I don't need to be friends with you. Nobody does hey Colin Farrell. I was just laughing with Colin Firth about you. The impound office. I was closer in on the clerk and things were heating up hotter than a Portage on at the Tuscaloosa fair in Late July. Yeah, man. She was kissing wasn't my dad and they weren't just kissing and my dad. But he wasn't the only one was he it was someone else. Yes. There was it wasn't her who is love the person watching your mama. It was me. I watched you a finish sometimes. I think I'm still watching like I never even left the barn. Oh God. That's okay. Ciao. Just sit there quietly with your ass down. I'm just gonna take the I grabbed the U-Haul Keys all in a day's work for the closure Man Randy. This is not going. Well. Apparently, Julia Roberts doesn't laugh when you snap a jewelry box on her hands and Patrick Stewart doesn't things that the Shyamalan Chen were dire I started To lose. Hope Kevin would be able to land a celebrity for frog and toad but then he came over Matthew McConaughey. Yahweh. Kevin Bacon's good to see you my friend friend. Maybe I am I with you. Hey, how you doing? Kevin? Hang loose? Hi. So my bowel movements have been getting better. My channel not supposed to talk about that now Kevin. I'm honored you shared that with me. Wow, really nephew. Yeah person. I haven't had a BM in months my daily meditations. Allow me to sustain myself with nothing more than the Sun's Warm Rays and a cool glass of water. Totally totally. Yeah, my gut bacteria is a closed self-sustaining ecosystem. Nothing enters or exits my body anymore. It just is right. We're friends we are so do you want to be in my movie Frog and Toad are friends? It's Buddy movie and we could be the buddies and it's my passion project. And I think you would make the perfect frog or toad or any character you want it would you just please please say yes to signing on to be in my movie just so I can make it please. Oh I can tell this project means a lot to you. Yeah. Totally are you in are you in just say you're in Matthew? Well, I love this. Yes, but I got a whole slate of Lincoln commercials. I got to do Nolan's been on my butt about doing you know, another superhero thingamajig out in space and then I got I got a bunch of goats. I bought just like that our best chance of the night was over. Kevin was already walking away his eyes on his next friend Target a Shalhoub. Here comes the friendship. Hey partner, you're here with Kevin Bacon. Right? I struggled to move my lips into the shape of words Magic Mike. Yeah, man, you're you you're Matthew McConaughey them. I'm just a non-celebrity. I know but don't worry is one of Hollywood's most confident man. I have no problem talking to you. So I don't usually see Kevin at events like this. What's the story? I started to make up an excuse but as I stared into Matthews brown puppy-dog eyes, I felt the LIE. Die on my tongue before I could stop it. I found myself blurting out. We're actually here to get celebrities for Kevin's last movie last movie. You don't mean the Kevin Bacon Stein. It was humanly impossible to hide anything from McConaughey Matthew. I cannot lie to you. Yes, after making Frog and Toad Kevin Bacon will die OMG that is dead. Terrible I had no idea. I don't want anyone to find out and make a big fuss. You know, all I want for him is to just make this movie so I can see the look on his face before he departs this world wowser sauce Kevin Bacon's final movie. All right. I can't let him down. I'll do it. Are you serious? Nearly always? I don't know if it's all the beautiful gong music or if it's your Devotion to your master, but something about your words have touched my heart and with that McConaughey disappeared into the tall grass. I ran back inside and gave Kevin the good news Matthew McConaughey. Seriously, he's who I pictured when I came up with how to lose it frog in 10 days. Well, man, you really did it. You you're really wasted my time today what I didn't need friend lessons because I already have a friend. You're my friend Randy you want to do our thing? Well, what's our thing ha ha ha. We really got to teach you to ease into that. Okay, but whatever. We gone and gone and long into the night. As Dawn broke we turned into Kevin's driveway and I saw Kyra Sedgwick sitting on the front porch drinking her morning coffee. I even felt warm towards her. So what is she tried to destroy me? She seems so peaceful as she looked out towards the garage Brandy. Hey y'all where she parked my fucking U-Haul. The last degree of Kevin Bacon was created by Dan Abramson and produced by Funny or Die for Spotify starring myself, Kevin Bacon Matt Walsh Kyra Sedgwick and lamorne Morris. The show's executive produced by Kevin Bacon Dan Abramson, Chris, henchy driver angle sun' David Schiff Michael diamond and Stephen Fisher executive producers for Spotify are Liz Gately Bart Coleman Allison Johnson and Mimi O'Donnell executive producers for Funny or Die are Joe Farrell Jim Ziggler and Becca Kinski are co-executive producers are Whitney hodak and Beth belu dimensional audio design by salt audio. Shows directed by Josh Ruben. This episode was written by Justin Becker and Steve Clement some of the guest voices you heard in this episode were just celebrity Impressions were legally required to tell you that now Kevin now we got talent.