Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters ofDirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track. Just you know, cuz it's not like we're cold but we're in six board six on animals this week. We're just not so fast as hot. Anyway, not as hot. I'd argue that I'm cold right now. But I'd also argue that it's the best time to get cold right before the tournament crashed so that when that time does come around and you're doing the gauntlet every day, you're hot I was thinking about why I think I'm blaming it on the end of the season in college basketball not meaning anything before end of the regular season. Before the tourneys yes before the conference tournaments because like the games tonight between unless you're going for a regular season conference title. He's really don't mean much unless you're on the bubble. Either way, you're going to be like the teams who are already in the they don't give a fuck. They're getting into their conference tournament. They're gonna torment they don't care. So that's what I'm that's I think of blame it on right now. That's a good reason to I mean, I was all-in on Kentucky and Tennessee went in there and beat about right now. See that's one of those things where Kentucky, you know, I did take Tennessee plus 9 or yeah, Tennessee plus nine though, but you had KU moneyline KY moneyline. Yeah on a And egregious parlay the close to a man that type of stuff happens. That's I mean, You know sometimes sometimes things just happen like Iowa getting smoked at home to I mean, I did not see that Purdue was I think three 10 3 and 10 on the road and Iowa was ten and three at home or maybe ten and two and then they fucking lose the I just took her Doom things don't make sense. And that's what I'm talking about him because Iowa in the tournament, but they're not going to win the Big Ten know what So they just didn't give a fuck about last night's game. Maybe Garza Luka. Yeah, we're just gonna We're Not Gonna, you know, we're not making excuses. No. No, you're right. We're absolutely not making excuses. You know, we are going to do we're making we're going to make picks. Maybe we're just talking Hoops here. Hey print the shirts make picks not excuses like that. Pick winners not boogers make pickstock Hoops. I like I like we're headed here. All right good better best brought to you by fan. To.com slash McAfee the number one. Sports betting website in all of the land all by far the best app as far as Sports gambling apps are concerned just unbelievable. Just I mean what of people fan the word doing our hats off to them groundbreakings groundbreaking follow our picks. My action dot app / digs my with an S. My actually don't have such digs within us. Oh boy. My action dot app / bubblegum Pinot to follow Gumpy and my action dot app, / Boston. Carter phone did you start putting your books? If I did yesterday that will hit yeah, I got him in there. He's lying. He's lying straight. No. No, I got him in yesterday. Yeah, there were yesterday. It was the Pelicans out. They do under that which I mean, I'm the guy that bets hi unders. I look at this high or high numbers rather. I look at this High number. I'm like, you know what? Going to do what I always don't do in bet the under and you gotta stay true to your son if you guys on the Celtics last night because I was -6 and they were up by I don't know 15 to 16 the entire game and then fucking Levert decides to go for 50 in the fourth quarter and overtime pretty much tough starting to worry that the Celtics aren't going to be healthy enough in the playoffs. I'll be all right. They got plenty of time left man. I got plenty to see definitely stay away tonight though. Yeah. I mean their whole team's out don't don't touch them do. Don't fucking touch him. All right, these are things that we will touch we have liens which we think might win but we're not that confident and know we have winners significantly more confident and then we have the $50,000 animal player today, which is what we are most confident which absolutely never loses never unless it does as it lost on a Wednesday in the month of March has not lost on a Wednesday in the month of March. So take that. Endeavour and when we're talking about a whole month I will start with the lanes just because I feel like getting it off my chest. I'm starting with Virginia at Miami, Virginia is hot. So they've won five in a row nine of their last nine of the last 10 against Miami. Who's who is Miami they're all right there middle of the road, but they are decent at home. So that's why it's a lien for me for Virginia - to it. Just these these programs that have been good for a while now. Now seem to get like Michigan State's doing get hot at the end of the year. This is one of those spots here for Virginia where I like them - the two but they're on the road. So you never know. So that's why it's a lien for me Gumby. I like that tick Tony to double on that, Virginia 18 and fourth straight up his favorites and I am he's just four and six straight up in their last 10 love it. Thank you. I have a lean-to Tulsa plus two and a half at Temple. I love Tulsa. I mean Didn't take with a night but they've been winning lately Temple temples only four and six in their last ten Tulsa seven and three straight up last 10 and 12 and three straight up his favorites that doesn't matter here, but plus two and a half. I feel like they could win this out. Right? I might even double money line here really. I've been touching the money line. I'm on it and I you Huskies. Yeah. I know you did. I know you have this fucking love affair. Yep number. I need a jersey. I keep tweeting out. I'm trying to get at A German one fantastic on it yet. I gotta lean to Orlando +7 at Miami. Okay, actually, it's not bad. It's not bad. These seven point spreads have been screwing me. But I like Orlando +7 Miami's, you know big drop-off game here. They probably went out with the boys after beating the bus. That's what I'm betting on. So, I like Orlando +7, they got the defense to take them to this. Obviously the scary thing is going against Miami at home. Yes where they've been very Get all year, but they've also not been great off of win so they have not. So yeah, not a bad spot partnered together. Orlando's a short trip, you know, not really Road game mean Orlando in the Box for the buck start being worried about matching up with the Heat and the playoffs maybe. Yeah, especially if the heat get that Force lot because if they go into the Eastern Conference Finals the box if they do end up be in the a be there going to be a burned-down lead them. Yeah, you know what they were also on the back the back Yeah, also we told Connor the other day not to bet Jimmy Harden when it goes to a strip club City and he said in else thirst trap tweets and Connor didn't listen and the rock is lost straight up to the next. No, I didn't next time. You know, I'll be better. That's just that's what happens is Jimmy Hartman. This is what happened to me. I learned from my mistakes and I go back and I make the same exact mistake. So, let's see if we actually Orlando is also strip club City. So the players there, they're not gonna go that's like they're gonna be down in Miami like, oh we gotta go fucking out here. Not a lot. They're used to it together. That's fine. Next lean is the under for Temple and Tulsa a game that Gumpy just talked about to under teams. All season Tulsa's 21 and eight to the under on the season temples 18 and 11 to the under on the season. The total here is 130 the last time they met they scored a hundred and fourteen points. So you would have cleared this under by 16 points. Why is it a lien? I don't know. I just unders late leave. I hear y'all you either feast or famine on the other exactly. I'm getting I'm tired of fucking games going to overtime or being like 12 points clear the under with a minute left in the fucking foul start happening. So that's why it's a lien for me gum be gummy other liens. I have a lean-to Virginia Tech - one at home against Clemson. Okay, there are 11 and 6 straight up at home and 11 and 6 straight up his favorites. It is just a lien because Clemson has been playing well, so yeah, I just like the minus 1 with rigidity. Yeah, Connor box - 11 it's high but I'm leaning that we're lost. Hey after lost their 6 & 2 again spread after a loss and a perfect 8 + O against the spread after a loss elevens a ton. The patient has been playing well, but this is Milwaukee were talking about they can go off for 140 and they can hold you to 80 points it 11 points is really nothing for them. So I'm taking I'm leaning the Bucks my I mean after the embarrassment in Miami I wanted to exact I wanted to I wanted to take 11 just a lot of points against not bad. Pacers team and I Gotta Give It To You Connor you don't shy away from a Big Numbers Never. Hey, it was not never has never will that's why he was leaning. I got one more lean and it's Eastern Illinois - one and a half tonight by the way conference tournaments tournaments in these smaller. Conferences have started yesterday and I'm having a hard time because normally I like to look at home in a way. Like how teams are home. And why do you look at just both teams away when there are neutral sites I guess right is that is that the that the moves I'm having a hard time figuring that out right now, but Eastern Illinois is just the better team tonight - one and a half as a lien. It's just something I it's there's not a lot of stats honestly back to this one out, but just kind of a little bit of a feeling here Eastern, Illinois minus 1 and 1/2 tonight. You can book that won the other liens from you guys just winners just I'm leaning Florida State - one and a half. Don't ask me why because I don't have a reason but I am leaning that way and I'm most likely going to change this see that top 10 team against fucking Notre Dame and you just love that hashtag. From Connor. No, no, but yeah, I hear that. I hear that as well. Guppy got be winners. I got smooth minus 1 at UCM loves UCF three and seven their last ten smooth 16 and five straight up his favorites and 19 and 9 straight up against division opponents. I love Smooth hair Connor winner Grizzlies plus one and a half at the Brooklyn Nets. I know I know the Nets are on a back-to-back. Over time back too bad sir. They're three and five on those games. Memphis is 16 and 12 against the spread after a win Brooklyn a pretty average 12 and 14 against the spread after the win. I like the Grizzlies here a John Morant. They have to keep up with the Pelicans. We're closing on their heels. So I'm taking the Grizzlies Memphis away 80s kept me away from this game. I really wanted to take Memphis, but that was the only thing that kept me away. My next winter is Sacred Heart against Mount st. Mary's sake. Earnhardt - seven Sacred Heart Is for in one of their last five seven and three of their last 10 on the other side mount st. Mary's is one in four of their last five to an eight in their last ten. So give me Sacred Heart - the seven as my first winner Gumpy, please continue. You're going to love this one. I can't wait Indiana minus 3 at home against Minnesota, Minnesota to a nine straight up on the road three and seven their last ten Indiana for Unit three straight up at home and 15 and 4 straight up his favorites Indiana's just the better team here and minus three is too low for me. I think the Hoosiers need the win further for the tournament record sure at home after I believe they lost Illinois on Saturday. If I remember that Sunday watching that correctly. You know what it's pretty good pic. I'm jumping on I you are yesterday for sure you another one or small over the I got one more one ago Mavericks -6 at home against the Pelicans ha ha Dallas is the The best team in the NBA against the spread after a loss there 18 5 in 1 it's pretty good. The Pelicans are 15 18 and one against the spread after a loss. I just like Dallas here. I mean Luca dokic he had that bad thumb the other night. So I think there's a big bounce back game is porzingis back to you know, I believe the ions out Zion is out. I know that I think Leo is back there. Yeah, just for rest, though. Oh boy. Yeah. Yeah. So I think this is for sure Hammer Town situation, but I didn't take Dallas because their home 80s record for some reason they're much much better on the road. But after the losses the big store, it's big. My last winner is LaSalle - the one similar team to UMass to our Zoo. They're playing UMass howevers 2 and 12 on the road while they're 11 and 4 at home you messes on the road with sow is 9 and 6 at home, so I'm just going LaSalle - the one tonight because UMass is terrible on the road for my final winner got me to have any more winners. I got one more. I got a Nova plus four and a half at Seton Hall good road team seven and three straight up on the road six and for their last ten Seton Hall as the plan well to they're a good team. I just like two points here with Nova on a fucking Thunder and scare the shit out of me. All right. Now it's time for our $50,000 animal play of the day. If you're new to the show. It's the play that we're most confident in the play that never loses until it does. $50,000 animal play of the day Gumpy. We'll start with you. You're gonna like this one Tony. It's my dragon Place. Why dragons you ask was they fly as in the Dayton Flyers - three-and-a-half It Rhode Island 27 and one is favorites won their last ten eight. No on the road 16 and overs is conference opponents 27 and tubers. Division opponents Hammer the Flyers good pick Connor my $50,000. Hmm Thunder Cat play of the day. That's you know, I'm going back to him the Oklahoma City Thunder - eight at Detroit OKC is eight and one against the spread on back-to-backs 13 and 10 against the spread after a loss 21 in seven against the spread as as an away team. I mean, I just love the Thunder here is probably the eighth time I've used them as my animal play the day but I might as well ride or die with him Detroit 11 and 19 against the spread at home five and six against the spread with the rest Advantage. Give me okay. See I love the Thunder my Thundercat play the day. Okay see - ate my milk cow play of the day know why is that because the cows jump over the moon and we're going to get a lot of Can points boys Nicholls State McNeese State over? 149 Tony over McNeese State is 4 and 1/2 the over in their last five eight and two two the over in their last 10 nickels is 3 and 1 1 to the over in their last five six three in one of their last ten in the last two games. Each of these teams have played Nichols is scored by themselves 93 and 92 points. That's a lot weakness. State and their last two games have scored a hundred and four and a hundred points scuse me. I mean if you put those stores scores together, we are way over the 149. Give me that as my milk cow play the day over the moon baby. Let's go. Let's go. Hopefully we get those winners That's Sports entertainment that Sports entertainment not enough people were talking about that a sports Entertainer. I feel good because we're undefeated in March on Wednesdays for our animal plays, okay. I was a lot of good stats lot of good stats feel feel real good about these here, you know, you know, I feel really good about tonight's picks because I feel terrible about them actually, which is great which is always good when you feel good about your picture you're going to lose for sure don't know why that happens. But when you feel bad about them guaranteed winner guaranteed wasn't guaranteed winners Gumby got anything else for us Bo you want to do another gun deer head. Well, yeah. Sure. Go ahead hit it Futures bet. Who wins the AL West MLB? Who did the Angels pick up this year friend Dawn from the Nationals drug Madden's their coach have a trout with Madden. I bet you there. I bet you they're fucking odds or are great because the A's and Astros are probably the sorry. Yeah, the Asian Astros are probably leading that division. Give me the eggs. Okay Angels giving the Angels, isn't it? There you go. Yep. I heard it. I am taking the Oakland A's for sure. It's their year. I think they're going to the world. You got something on the Heroes that you wanted to do that for us or I just said I was just having a thought last night came to my mind having to carry around in the old brain. What about you guys? I I like the angels to actually I think they might be a little light on the pitching staff with Joe Maddon has talked about their young pitching a lot. The Astros could do it. I just I mean they lost Gerrit Cole and all this other shit stays Frankie. Greinke's not that great. I mean the Oakland could do it. Yeah, but I just it's a wide-open division for me Astros are - 240 Azar plus 320 and the angels are + 650. Wow. Yeah something to think about Otani might have forgot about a 25 wins and 200 home runs this year boys. That team is a great segment great. This is when you go unprepared AL West fucking on us. I hey, that's God's that's gun to your head. Hey, I'm gonna be my head got in my head is my new favorite segment for sure fans elle.com McAfee promo code McAfee believe the thing right now is $500 or up to $500 risk-free bet you there was some stuff going around for the tournament and things of that nature. So be on the lookout for new.com / McAfee. My actually dot app / digs. With an S. Bubblegum pinot and Boston Connor if you want to follow our bets here we go. It's been a good show. It's been a pretty good day. Hmm. This has been good better bets and we wish you good luck. Good Luck Good Luck.