Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we Many troops so new trees, but I actually first want to dive into Matthew 5 now. We all know as a Sermon on the Mount Jesus is speaking to a lot of people and he says to us blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness for they will be filled. But what does that mean? Is that like physically field spiritually filled mentally filled. What does it mean to hunger and thirst and then be fail? Yes. I love that passage. I love the just the principle that the Lord gives based on our hunger. And we come hungry and he answers and another way that you can look at that is the measure that we're hungry is the measure that will be satisfied or the ceiling of our hunger is the ceiling that will be satisfied with Jesus. I remember the day that clicked with me like this is real and I imagine myself to be really hungry, but there is a Grace available to grow in hunger so that my Hunger could inhibit Kris and then I could be even more satisfied. So it's a principle of the way the Lord engages with us. He engages with us based upon our hunger Oh So Hunger for the word hunger for who he is the revelation of who he is. Yes, that's awesome. Yeah. I mean, I it's funny because you know, nobody likes to be hungry and I remember even last week when Matt was with us. He shared his story of, you know, just thinking that he would die. You know, but but you know so many people see it as like a and a means to an end right like you fast. And then maybe you were worthy of Spiritual Authority. Maybe God will answer that prayer. You've always wanted to be you know answered and fasting them becomes almost like this transactional, you know a relationship with God where hey I'm paying my dues so like can you Tell me how much more I got to do this to get that thing that you said I could have and you know, obviously fasting is not that so can you tell me just at the core? What is the heart of fasting right the heart of fasting? I really think Jesus hits it when he says in Matthew 9:15 that the friends of the bridegroom will mourn and in that context. He's talking about fasting. So he uses those words interchangeably morning and fasting the friends of the Bride. Um will mourn when the bridegroom is taken away that to me is the most Central in one statement. What is the heart of fasting it's that we mourn we desire we hunger for Jesus as he is a bridegroom. And as we are the bride it's in that identity, you know of that lovesick longing, you know, you can never you can never accuse a bride of striving. You know like you would never say to your wife. I would never say to her. You know, you're working way too hard to love Ruben, you know, you're really hard to love me like that idea that too fast is to strive and and that's a real idea out there, you know, but but if you put it in the context of of a bride and a bridegroom and and how you long for that person then it there's no there's no such thing as striving. You know, it's coming out of that place of love and there is no ceiling there, you know, and so that's the heart. That's the heart so good because I think about you know, like for real though your identity in God in order for fasting to not be what is that was tainted by by motive by wrong motive is that we have to know that he loves us and wants us and that every promise is ours right now that you know his it's a yes, and amen right the Is of God and that he wants us to receive every spiritual blessing if he wants us to have the Holy Spirit. He wants to give us Faith like we see it all throughout scripture. And so when you have that identity in him, then fasting doesn't get Complicated by those snares we love because he first loved in the same way we long because he first launched that's gonging is part of Love. Yeah, we desire because he first desired John 17 father. I desire that they would be with me where I am that they would see my beauty that the very love that you love me with would be in them. That's his desire. Yeah, we never desire unless we first have partaken of the desire of God. It's actually a gift of God. It's him moving in US. Yeah. So if you us, I if we are not experiencing the desire to fast or the desire to mourn and long for him. What do we do? How do we get to that question? That that even in itself is part of Desire because what I hear you saying is I want to want him. I want to desire him more. I actually look at those, you know in the word and I look at those in church history that were like living hunger, you know, the most hungry people. They're my heroes. I want that. I want to be hungry like that. I want to burn like that. Why can't I be like that? That in and of itself is part of Desire is part of hunger. I hunger to hunger that is like that is the Prelude that's the beginning of hunger and we want to want and eventually that transitions into full-on wanting one hungry blonde starving. No not start starting when you fast without reading the word or something. I've always seen it as a picture, you know when you're you're not very Well, you're sick. You don't want to eat. You don't want to drink and your mama's okay. You really are sick. You need to go lay in bed. I've always kind of looked at my Christian walk like that if I'm not hungry and thirsting for the Lord there is something wrong with me. There's something L. There's something sick something off with me. So I've always had that as a picture of if I'm hungry and thirsty. Okay, then my soul is doing well because it's wanting more and if it's not then a something's got to be made right? It's right great. Are the more we've known Jesus and if that hunger has grown dull. It's like an alarm going off. Yeah, he's wrong. Something's wrong. Let's go back to the source get hungry again. So good. I'm just thinking, you know because we are few days into this 40-day fast as a community and already, you know, the weakness sets in already. There's already a thinking about why did I sign up for this and and these kinds of truths are so important. Current to meditate on and to to realize that that what we are doing aside from from setting our eyes on him is that we are we are morning right for different reasons morning for the bridegroom longing for him to return Mooring our own condition of our soul. We're morning the state of the world right now this coronavirus that's just crazy. There's just so much happening and where morning saying. Wow, this is something's not right, you know, but at the same time And we're also leaning into knowing that there's one who can satisfy the longings that were all feeling right? And that's what you were mentioning as the heart behind fasting. But can we talk a little bit about the morning because I know you said that Matthew 9 talking that we would mourn for the bridegroom and there's obviously like ten ways to mourn it seems but can you talk in a few things about morning? I know you wrote a book on mourning for the bridegroom. So I'd like to right right? Yeah that morning. It's like that lovesick heart. It's that long. Singing it's it's the desire that we have for the fullness, you know, and there are there are aspects of that today. There is a fullness, you know, and I think about all of the that the Lord would give the human heart that is making itself available in Desperate hunger and longing just to see said I give to the hungry I'm good, you know, so there's that part. Ultimately, it leads us all the way to longing for Jesus to return there. Is that part of us that is we're not going to stop longing. We're actually going to increase in that morning until finally he returns because that is the anchor that is our hope that is where it's all headed to and he will return to corporate people the bride that longs for him. And so there's this As part of love, I think we always focus on the enjoyable parts of love and the feeling parts and the sweet parts and that's real but there are also the parts of Love That sting. There's an aching there's a yearning and and we see that, you know, it's real easy for us to know this intuitively when we think about our relationships with one another when I think about my relationship with Matt and if he were taken away I love him. I'm going to miss him. I'm going along for him I better and if I don't something's wrong, you know, and there were in a real. We're in a real moment right now in the age to come. We will look back on this moment with understanding. Jesus was not actually here bodily. There is a fullness. Yes. We have the indwelling spirit, but there is a fullness for when he will be here and we'll get to talk with him see his Peace and DeWitt, but the disciples got to experience but not only that we'll have the indwelling spirit as well. There's a fullness so we mourn and we long until that day gosh, that's so good. I mean, I really think about that what you said, you know, you miss like if you love someone and then you don't see them because they're suddenly taken away that you obviously wouldn't miss them and I think part of our are accidental disbelief or atheism as they say the functional atheism that we Experience in the church in the west is that we don't realize that it actually isn't okay that he's not here like like we are in a season where it's things not just things the most extravagant the most precious treasure is missing like it's like having you know a car without an engine. I mean this terrible metaphor, but I'm just saying like it's just like the world is sitting waiting until we are infused by that fire. That consuming fire whose name is Jesus and makes everything. It makes sense. Then when he's here and I do I do think about that and I think Lord would you would you fill us as a people as your church? We're all messed up, you know, but yeah, that's all you have all over the world. So yeah, would you fill us with that longing again, you know a few episodes ago. I think we had Francis Chan and we were talking about this and I remember him saying this phrase like, you know, we wouldn't be fighting we would be much more united if we would just fix it. At our eyes on this glorious. Hope this blessed. Hope that he would come back and I do hold on to that like yeah, like the greatest Pathway to Unity in the body of Christ isn't agreement on certain theological postulates all this stuff. It's that we would realize that our hope is that that man would be on this planet. I'll say a painful statement that the degree that we miss him long for him is the Agree that we love him and so said more negatively that the lack of missing to whatever measure we don't long for him is the measure we don't love him. Ouch. I can Stang that can sting but here's but here's the thing you can only miss someone, you know, it's the invitation isn't to some like emotional grown that we're supposed to conjure up. It's good the invitation is we got to know him. He's he's so Pro. Potent he's so powerful and he who he is his nature his personality his Beauty every taste causes us to long for more and so it's really just a call to know him and the more we know the more we end up saying what the Lord's leading all the church to Jesus. We want you to come back. Yeah, we want you. Yeah, so we need to respond to the little prods that he gives us these little encounters that we have. We actually need to respond and say oh, yeah. Phil you I hear you give me more and kind of have a conversation with him the whole time. Yes. I call that embracing hunger, you know, it's saying yes to that hunger, you know, maybe in my earlier years I would have thought that was all me like, oh, yeah, I'm such a hungry person. I'm so spiritual. I want not so much until the the seasons where it's dry, you know? Oh God. Oh God. Dull, oh, no, you know and then I feel that just that like you're saying just that little bit of tenderness just that little bit of reach in my heart and it's like a little flame that I just start Fanning like yes. No, it's precious when we hunger at all. It's God helping us move towards him. So so if we're not having these encounters during off our stood lifestyle my not feeling the gift of hunger. Like how do we know he's responding to us? How do we know these actually in the conversation with us when we're fasting and giving hours to this? Like how do we know he's even with us? Yes. Yes. Well, first of all, we trust we trust that his word is true. He rewards those who diligently seek him on he answers. He says I am the god that fills the Hungry with good things. And so because that again we're vulnerable all kinds of accusations come in towards our own hearts and towards him and if we're not Not careful, we will sign off and we'll go. I tried it. I did it you didn't come. So first of all we go back to the truth. No Jesus. This is who you are. You said you feel you said you satisfy. You said you reward and we trust that he will now we also have to know there are delays and there are days that are nothing but delays rights and that that to we can trust him with we can you know that someone I don't know. Maybe it's Teresa of Avila had this picture. We bring the Lord an empty plate every day. And then some days we walk away with a feast and we go thank you. You satisfied other days, we walk away with an empty plate and we go thank you. You're good. I trust you even the delay is increasing the hunger so that you will feel me to a greater measure. I trust you. It's I love that so much. I yeah, I feel like that's what the Lori's really after is that transformation in our hearts, right? It's all those things that come up during fasting like RX are expected tips. All of that comes up and then when were under Med or when they're not Dolores is waiting for us for us to find us leaning on him. And I love that that that's really what he's after is used as transformation. Is that yeah, that that posture of Leaning no matter what that that trust. So I love that. I love that. Yeah, it does expose what's there as well? I think if I may be vulnerable for a bit. I've been I've been stewing on Matthew 13, you know for so long and I got saved at age 15 and I mean, it's like the grace of God was on my life and I went I mean not just running. I've been sprinting right for you know, whatever very long time now, I'm 34. So so so I was sprinting and sprinting I had this perception that I was good soil the whole time and maybe there were moments. But recently what I've been feeling in this, you know in this place of longing of realizing that I don't long as much is that you know, when you're 34 years old like me you might have three kids. Like me you might have you know to get health insurance. You might have Financial issues, you might you know develop certain, you know, your mind begins to be filled with the cares of this life and and cares of this life aren't evil things. Right. We got to care for our kids for our you know homes for all these things. But when they become the predominant thing in your thought life where you're pulling up in the place of prayer, you know, Quotes for health insurance or things like that like that. That's when the Lord started, you know probing at me like hey, dude, do you realize that things have changed here? Our relationship was changed in that wasn't my fault. You know, he was telling me it is like you think you're good soil sun and and I want you to be but you're not, you know, you have allowed the Thorns to to contaminate to you know, because my wife is a gardener and so she's always waiting. She's always cultivating making sure that there's no so, you know squash bugs and cucumber beetles and all this stuff that she's making sure that you know, everything's good for the soil to be pure and and I just for now it's been gosh eight months Lord's been prodding at me, you know, you are in rocky soil, you know, because in the rocky soil it's when tribulation and persecution comes then then the Sun comes out and your Scorch you have no root system and and I Just man. I that's what I've been carrying recently. So hearing you talk about morning, you know, and and the things that you're saying that fasting exposes us and of course, you know, the fasting does indeed expose our are very real weakness that we already have. I feel like I mean for me that's one of the primary motives, you know for reaching deeper and is like yes here. I am in all my not Gloria now here I am, but you love me and you're calling me. Burr and you're giving me Grace to find a way to become good soil. It's not like we strive for that. You know, God does that in us as we yield to him. And so I just thought I'd share that because I know many of our listeners might feel the same way, you know, like man, it sounds so cool to be cool like that. But I do know this is an everyday thing for me. I mean as I hear you talk about fasting day not like Ruben right here is feeling convicted. You know, I'm feeling like I do I long for him. I remember I used to weep when I read the word. I mean I just turned one page and I was already crying like where did that go? You know or I think about times when I would pray and like like I just I didn't want to do anything else, you know and somehow either the cares of this life or get this and the end of Matthew 13 the familiarity with Jesus gets me to a place where he's too familiar for me to believe him anymore, you know, and I think that that that you know, as I'm kind of like just being vulnerable out there what it shows A way that God causes hunger in our hearts because that's what it's doing in me. You know, I'm kind of standing beside myself. Like I'm a I'm a case study right now, you know, and I'm like, wow God, you're like, you're like exposing things in my life where I you know, it's not about what people say about me reputations. Like no you're telling me what you see in me and and it's making me long not to perform not to like be worthy of him like but like I have to be closer to you and maybe this is something that's holding me back, you know? Yes, I mean what's striking me as your talking is humility at there is a humility to even hunger for God because we presume that we're so full and that were So Satisfied and that were so spiritual and we lean that way, you know, but as you're talking I'm just hearing that humility that's willing to say I am Baron spiritually and I don't know that Get to be filled until we're willing to get exposed and face the baroness of our own soul and God say God. I don't know you like I thought I did and maybe what I what I have known in the past I need to be renewed in I need to be revived in God. I just want to be honest. There's a honesty and the Lord he answers that I mean, it's like a magnet it's like that magnet of humility that he answers, you know. No, but it is what I hear humility. Just even in that willingness to face. I don't I don't have as much as I thought but I'm coming. I'm drawing near that's so good. I mean, I just think in our generation and maybe you can comment on this charger because we've talked a ton about this but like it's almost like in order to understand the father's affections for us. We've overcorrected and talking about our virtue are worth, you know, because obviously he loved us The end and still loves us to the end and you know, but we almost over correct to the point that we are content not godly contentment, but we're content with our condition. We're like, yeah, you know, it's like it's like, you know, I'll put myself in the shoes. It's like that husband that's been married for 15 20 years and it's like, you know, the pursuit isn't necessary anymore. Like I'm good, you know, and it's like obviously that's not okay, but I just think Inc about like we can't have that man, you know, we've got our key somehow and even though we know he loves us as we are, you know, just as we are he receives us and loves us fully like even in the place of our greatest weakness. That doesn't mean that we just Coast. In fact, it should produce the opposite effect 107th. I think it just speaks to the dullness of this generation and whatever generation your And when you're just like yeah, it's not like you don't care about the state of your marriage or your hot. It's more that you don't know the state of your heart. You haven't taken the time to care and actually look and see what's going on in your heart. So I think when you're sharing about oh my gosh, am I actually this Rock Solid soil as you think it's maturity because you're taking the time to look and taking the time to hear from The Lord of what's going on and then you actually jumping into his boat being like or now. What do I do now? I see it as you see it. What do I do to get to the rich fertile soil? And so I think when we're just like I'm good where I am and the Lord right now is because you're asleep you're dead on the inside. You're actually not being mature. You just you just don't have enough energy to even care and I think that's when it gets really dangerous I think being vulnerable and it's like No scared necessarily, but just like oh my gosh in or of the Lac inside. I think that's maturity and actually choosing to be willing to go there with God is way better and I think the technology and all the things in life make us are because we're choosing not to notice and dismantle jump on that to I feel like with social media with just our generation where we're told not to be weak. We're told not to to like experience these things that would draw us closer to the Lord and to his word. And so there's that complacency that passivity that we Face daily. So it's a challenge really like we have to fight I think of Jesus when he talked about John the Baptist and he said the Kingdom of Heaven suffers violence and only the violent take it by force and he was meaning like it's a lifestyle of Of radical obedience is a radical lifestyle of fasting of say no to all these things that are presented to us. Even when we wake up like our thoughts what we see in the screens what we see when we go out like it's always inviting us and and it's into that dullness is into that on connectedness. I don't ya disconnectedness connectedness to to our real spiritual State before God and so It is but by his grace and by drawing and by making these choices daily in obedience, and because we love him, I think that there is Grace to to go the other way. It makes me think of this quote GK Chesterton said we have sinned and grown old and our father is younger than me and when you're talking about the dullness and the complacency, that's that's that's because that's what happens as we sin in that little fragments of unbelief that creep in We Grow dull and we grow old. Yeah and our father never grows old, you know, he has the do of his youth. He is forever vibrant in his love and and she's just wants to Keep Us Alive as we respond to him and Grace we don't have to grow old. We are actually meant to live forever. Hey God for First Love Like Revelation 2 talks about to the very end. He's not showing up for an old decrepit bride filled with unbelief know she is in first love that's right. And I think this also speaks of I lack of commitment to even going in a different direction about how in my generation we don't like to commit for that long. We'll start a job and then we're like, it's kind of boring. I'm just gonna go do something out so we don't stay true to our word and I think even the other day During a worship with the word. We were singing about Psalm 37 and how it says commit your way to the Lord and it's not just I'm going to do it on an 18 and when I'm 59, I'm still going to be committed. It's actually a continual process of committing and when we are engaged in that commitment, then the gift of hunger will grow instead of this like sporadic. I'm gonna lay ahold of you. You know, I think about Hosea chapter 10 verse 12 hours just turn to it right now because You know, there's this this, you know, it's considered an eschatological chapter 4 anyway, but the point is this this concept of God where he's telling us. So for yourselves righteousness reap steadfast love and then it's the indictment break up your fallow ground and it says for it is the time to seek the Lord and for what that he may come and Rain righteousness upon you you know gosh, I don't know but I feel if I may be so bold that the condition of the church as I've been feeling even for my own heart is that we are follow ground thinking that we are nice soil, you know, and the Lord is his he's putting his finger on this not to make us feel bad so that we wallow in our you know in guilt and shame he's exposing the truth so that we would turn to him and remember our first love in the things that we At first and say hey, no, you are my son. My daughter You Are My Bride come back, right and I'll take it even a step further because what we were at first was only the beginning he's not just trying to take us back somewhere. It's go back to the beginning because you were you were in the right on the right track there so that I can take you to the Future that I have for you. You know, that beginning was only the beginning right, you know the trajectory of the new Estimate is not go back to the beginning so you can stay that way till the end rather. It's abounding in love still more and more increasing in the knowledge of God. There's this upward trajectory that he wants to take us. That's what he's gonna do for his church. He really desires to do that. That is good. That deserves a sailor. No, I just think you know fasting has been such a such a hard thing for the church and the way That you're presenting it to us right now. It just gives me and I think that our audience would agree a vision for the reward of it the the benefit of it, you know, the the joy the gift the gift of hunger. Oh my gosh, that's like a hashtag Twitter thing such a powerful gift. Well Dana we so appreciate you being here with us today. We know that actually you've written a few books. This very topic. Can you name them so that we can put them on our link on? Yes. So deep unto deep is the subject of intimacy with Jesus and growing and intimacy with Jesus. I talked a lot about hunger in that one perfect and entirety which is about loving the Lord with all our heart soul mind and strength the first commandment and then longing for his return this morning longing Matthew 9. We love a real person we long for the day to day we long for fullness of experiencing his of and I am currently writing a book that hasn't come out yet, but it's on the first love. Oh, that's so good. I have a date where it's gonna come out. No, actually, I'm did it and Christmas now, you know that we have need of this ministry. So let's pray. Let's lean it know and also, of course the rewards of fasting that you wrote with Mike a few years ago. So we're gonna put these links on on our description below so that you can feed and feces. On the word of God as as revealed to Dana our dear friend here and also as if some of you are barely hearing about this 40-day fast, we're doing a community want to learn about fasting even if you're not able to engage in we also want to put a link for you to register for a lot of content on the issue of fasting. I mean Matt Candler Dana actually does a does a few sessions on this Mike myself many others are involved and giving you tips. Not just the why behind the what which is very important. Oughtn't but also the what and then of course, we do some drip content throughout a 40-day period of looking upward and so we want to make this available to you. We want you to to feel connected that this is something that's accessible to you that you can hunger that this gift belongs not just to some radical few but it belongs to everyone whom God has given his his son to and you are amongst them. So so I hope this is useful to it's just really easy IHOP kc.org / 40 day fast. That simple for zero day fast or you can go to see bets kc.org / 4 0 day fast as well. It's in both of them. But we just want to make this resource available to you. Hoping that it will Empower you to draw near to him to experience that sensation of being satisfied seriously, and if you're in a season of life right now where you're like, I don't feel hungry. I'm not thirsty. There isn't a desire for the Lord asked him what it is that's missing in your life. Take a passage read prey. Ray sing it over your life and just ask him to meet you that your hunger May grow. He wants to give you the gift of hunger strike. So thank you for joining us this week. If you haven't seen our previous podcast, you can find us on Apple podcast Google podcast YouTube anywhere that your outlet is for podcasts. We will be there and we look forward to seeing you next Friday 2 p.m. Central Time. Peace.