Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me.Started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told me and is a business mentor. Today the topic that I'd like to take off with you is and share is actually what a lot of people would always say, you know Ustream big start small. Although some people would say start small dream big but question here is how do you really make it a reality? You know, each one of us has a dream of making it big isn't it? But who wouldn't want to be on the spotlight when we know Being successful means a great new world for us. You know everything comes for a price which will all say we always have to see how to make use of our resources wisely, you know being in business, especially nowadays and you know that worldwide we're having this covid-19 or the coronavirus building a business is a risk nowadays as you may probably have read or heard, you know businesses need to have calculated risk. This means carefully stepping taking steps with less possibilities of committing mistakes to reduce wasting time and money, you know when I started my business and that's 20 years ago. I probably had a lot of things going on in my mind, but when I saw the opportunity that I can be able to help out people I went out on and starting to help a lot of you know small clients. But you know after 24 25 26 years with a lot of perseverance prayers because of my dedication to my work. Well here I am as a business Mentor. No, I I must have done something right that this few clients. They started became my walking advertisements, you know, they refer me to their friends and the rest are as with the say is history. You know, I may not Reaches other enterpreneurs, but I can always humbly say that through this 26 years. I've learned a lot and I've trained, you know taking a lot of my dreams and I will treasure this for the rest of my life loving family a good health and successful business. So how do you take this well from my experience, you know, you have to take this one at a time. You know, there are ways that, you know, you can make something out of small things and I always say if and only when you believe in yourself and to be successful in any any Endeavor, you must have that faith in yourself that you can make things happen. He always channeled your thoughts toward something positive as this will ignite your desire to pursue whatever you have started. So, how do you start? Okay some of your posts to what I'm saying? But basing on how I started I only had a small goal, you know something small in mind, which was helping people. It is a simple aspiration. That although I do need to earn for my family. My passion was strong to go on. You know that you're able to achieve small goals on regular basis. It would be a lot easier for you to achieve the steps in your business plan. The confidence that you have will surely have a great impact on the business that you're trying to build. Second is actually part of My Success is having a very loving and supportive wife who believe in my capacities and we see things the way we see things together. Of course there have been there will be some, you know, some questions and answers debates with the end of it. We see where we want to go. So we made the solid team where we Inspire each other to make things happen and you know, you can do the same thing. On your end if you have a spouse or a family member that is willing to help you out. You can provide the support that you're willing to attain your goals. Finally. I'll always say you must learn how to focus learn to focus on a particular goal rather than messing up your mind with so many things there lot of destructions. But again focus is what important Again Butch bertolini here in the business Mentor. If you have any questions or feedback again, let me know and I'll again be posting the another another series of my podcast again. Take care, and bye. Bye.