In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold waste Deep River her toes went numb and her teeth chattered the metal of her bicycle dug into the tops of her shoulders as she carried it across the freezing current. But as a trained spy for the British Special Ops Pearl was unfazed. She had become accustomed to the sneaking the lying and the demanding physical nature of her work. She was no longer the girl who'd run around Paris going to movies with boys and getting her younger sisters ready for school. She was someone completely new. In fact, most people knew her as Pauline. Even her name was just another daily lie, but the Nazis didn't care what her name was if they caught her Pearl and Pauline were dead. This is espionage the park has two original exploring the missions of the world's most incredible spies. And what brought their covert operations into the public eye throughout this show. We'll explore real world spy tactics required to impersonate exploit and infiltrate the most confidential places in the world. I'm Carter Roy, you can find all episodes of Espionage and all other Park. Castor Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream Espionage for free on Spotify just open the app and type Espionage in the search bar at par cast. We're grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. So let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network. This is our first episode on Pearl witherington corny Oli a British secret service agent who help fight the Nazi invasion of France from 1942 to 1945. This week will chart pearls introduction to the French Resistance and follow along with her harrowing missions while living under Nazi occupation next week in part 2, we'll examine pearls role in the conclusion of World War Two and her enduring Legacy as one of the most successful female Spies of all time. Cecile Pearl witherington was born in Paris on June 24th, 1914. Both of her parents were British expatriates from well-to-do families. Her father was a secretary to a busy Swedish papermaker, the job required pearls parents to travel often even as they lived a rather lavish lifestyle, but beneath the surface things weren't so sparkling her father was an alcoholic and he burned through all of their savings. As the eldest of four daughters Pearl had to grow up quickly to compensate for her father's irresponsibility. She became the main Breadwinner for the family often having to negotiate with her father's Predators. When asked to describe her formative years Pearl said, I had no childhood, but there were brief moments of happiness in 1930 16 year old Pearl met on re corioli a boy three years her senior who had just returned from military duty. In Tunisia, when they first met through a mutual friend Pearl found on re standoffish and rude, but after talking to him, she realized that what she read as a lack of manners was actually just shyness. She eventually found him to be one of her most intriguing friends three years later when Pearl was 19 on re bluntly informed her that he was interested in her romantically Pearl was surprised but pleased unfortunately honorees father. Didn't approve of the pairing. He banned them from seeing each other. Undeterred the lovebirds spent their time together walking the streets of Paris where nobody could stop them when it got too cold to linger on park benches on re and pearl spent afternoons. Hold up in movie theaters snuggled close while falling in love with honoree Pearl was also forming a bond with Paris itself. She loved the architecture and the way you could blend into the hustle and bustle of the city. She was already developing skills. That would serve her. Well these Those included keeping secrets from the people in her life who were closest to her in 1937 Pearl and honoree quietly got engaged against their family's wishes. They told no one for two years then in 1939 twenty-eight-year-old honoree was called back to active military duty that same year German forces invaded Poland on re and thousands of other French soldiers prepared for the inevitable. Evitable finally on September 3rd, 1939 Britain and France declared war on Nazi. Germany has on re left for the Battlefront her all tried not to think of the danger. He was facing but in the early summer of 1940 on re was taken prisoner by the German Army parole had no time to focus on her captured lover. The Nazis had occupied France, and it was suddenly crucial for Girl's family to leave Paris on because their parents were from Britain Pearl and her sisters had British citizenship. This was where they'd make their escape with only a little money to our named Pearl had no idea how she and her family would survive the journey, but nothing would stop her not even the recently closed French borders the family traveled through Spain Portugal and Gibraltar before making it to England on July 14th. He won the exhausting Journey had taken almost 13 months Pearl learned a valuable lesson from the year long ordeal. She found that there were always people who stepped up to help whether the family needed food money or safe passage. They always found it. She developed a knack for reading people and narrowing in on who could be useful and now that her family was safe and London Pearl was ready to see how she could help the war effort. Pearl and her sisters became a part of the women's auxiliary air force a volunteer position parole eventually secured a role as a personal assistant in the Allied Air Forces and foreign liaison, but she couldn't shake the feeling that there was more she could do there was one spark of hope in late 1941 Pearl learned from honorees Sister that he had escaped his German captors and was living covertly in France. Due to the Nazi censorship of mail keeping up touch with on re was complicated. But Pearl knew that mail from Portugal could still be freely sent and received in France. She was able to avoid having her letters intercepted by mailing them to a friend. She'd met in Portugal during her Escape than having the friend forward them on to on re in France. Unfortunately this postal trick only worked until 1942 when Britain ended their mail service to War had consumed the continent and on re was once again out of touch while Pearl feared for his safety. She also knew that his presence in France Behind Enemy Lines was helping the war effort more than Pearl could from behind her desk in London around this same time in mid-1942 Pearl ran into an old friend Maurice South Gate Maurice was in a similar situation. His wife was still Still trapped in France, and he agreed with pearl France was actually the better place to be that's where the real fight was shaping up danger be damned her a walked away from the conversation with a new goal. She was going back to Paris to join the resistance. Pearl's Embassy boss was not in support of her leaving. He made her resignation as difficult as possible Pearl spilled her troubles to a friend who happened to work as a secretary in the British secret intelligence service pearls friends said her boss was interviewing candidates for a new initiative called the Special Operations executive or soe she told Pearl she would put her name on the applicant list and pearl was Ideal candidate the soe hand-picked its job candidates focusing on people who spoke languages other than English like Pearl her Flawless Parisian accent made her an invaluable asset on top of that. She had spent her early life covering up her father's mistakes deceiving Bank creditors and lying to her family about her engagement. She knew how to blend into crowds avoid prying eyes and keep up an airtight. Cover story and of course men were scrutinized more heavily by the Nazis. So women were ideal for the graceful and taciturn work of Espionage. Her Gambit worked and pearl was hired as one of 39 freelance agents within the soe she was also promoted to second Lieutenant within the women's auxiliary air force and though the title was mostly ceremonial having a military rank would protect her as a Of War if she was captured during a mission according to Lionel beaner of the Council on Foreign Relations, the Geneva conventions bars torture cruel inhumane and degrading treatment as well as outrages against the human dignity of prisoners of War Pearl pushed the idea of capture and torture from her mind instead. She focused on her training. She was sent to a home in the English Countryside where the soe conducted all of their training sessions. The soe had strict protocols and pearl was forced to cut off all communication to the outside world. No 1 in all of London knew where she was not even her friends and family by all appearances Pearl witherington had vanished. When we come back Pearl emerges with a new identity now back to the story. In 1942 28 year-old Pearl witherington joined the Special Operations executive branch of the British secret service. She spent the rest of the year at an soe training facility on a rural English Estate once there. She discovered her friend Maurice Southgate was there to eight months ahead of her in the training process as a man Maurice had fewer obstacles in his path to becoming a spy. He was already set to go to France before. Left for his mission / last Maurice to find on re and France and let him know she would be joining him. Then she dived headfirst into her strenuous training regime the goal of the soe network in France was simple make the French occupation miserable for the German soldiers without alerting anyone to their presence Pearl was essentially training to stir up trouble and she was a natural Pearl was a librated marksman. She was even said to be the best shot in the entire program including the men. She also developed extensive knowledge on explosive devices on top of that Pearl was smart. She was able to think her way out of any situation keeping a cool head and a quick wit in even the most stressful environments, but there were criticisms of pearls headstrong nature. She questioned her instructors training methods. She bluntly asked what made certain tactics more useful than others one instructor noted that Pearl would likely only succeed under a strong leader, but she wanted an active role in the field and she fought hard to get it on one training assignment Pearl was given a false identity card and sent to Birmingham a hundred and twenty miles outside of London her mission was to recruit other soe members without drawing attention to herself or raising any suspicion Pearl also, And how to jump out of a plane and land with a parachute she described parachuting is far less exciting than everyone made it out to be while her schoolmates claimed to get a rush from the sensation Pearl felt like she closed her eyes and the drop was over. She also trained in hand-to-hand combat. She found that close combat techniques stuck with her even in low risk situations outside of the training facility. She was afraid she might attack a poor bloke just for walking up behind. Under the soe is goal was to over prepare their trainees Garland Williams. The creator of the training curriculum said our agents will be physically and mentally conditioned for the aggressive and ruthless action, which they will be called upon to perform at later dates. Although she was completely dedicated to our cause Pearl never relish the idea of using violence in the field. She said I never would have been able to use a weapon against someone. In Cold Blood, I think that's a feminine issue. I think women are made to give life not to take it while the physical aspects of the job were crucial secrecy was of the utmost importance to the soe no one in pearls family and none of her close friends knew where she was or what she was up to lying to everyone was sometimes painful, but she knew it was necessary to ensure their safety once training was complete parole. Needed to join a team in France called stationer, which was led by our old friend Maurice Southgate. The soe operation in France was composed of hundreds of these small networks each with their own leader pearls request was granted her mission was to be a courier for Maurices spy Network. She would travel to France assume a new identity and move throughout the country carrying messages for neighboring soe branches Pearl would also offer ins training to French Resistance members who were already in country and onry was on her list of students Maurice had found on re when he arrived in Paris and he agreed to join the soe immediately soon on re and pearl would be reunited in the country where they met In the early morning of September 16th, 1943 Pearl prepared to parachute into France. She was carrying micro photographs of orders for Maurice sewn into the Hem of her skirt. This was her first real Espionage Mission, and she was already risking her life Pearl was dropping into enemy territory with information that could get her executed. The Nazis didn't always take prisoners on the Around Maurice scouted the area where Pearl was supposed to land. He realized they had a problem French police were swarming the area if they saw a pearl parachuting in the mission would be blown and both of them could be dead Maurice had to call off the Jump before the plane took off. He sent on re to deliver the message on re rode his bike 20 kilometers to the radio operator in a race. Against Time the operator frantically transmitted the message to London, but it was too late Pearl's transport plane was already in the sky and as a covert measure the plane didn't have a radio this helped avoid the transmission being tracked by the enemy, but tonight it kept on re from saving his fiance's life went on re came back with the news Maurice decided to turn off the light. Near The Landing site as a last resort with the Target now in the dark the plane had no other option but to Circle back to base. A week later on September 22nd Pearl was able to make another attempt. If she couldn't make the jump tonight. She would have to wait another month until the next full moon gave enough light for the pilots to find the drop Target. Earl climbed aboard the plane and strapped in She wore coveralls with a big pocket on the chest that held her vital documents her rations and her new identity card. Once Pearl hit the ground in France. Her new name would be Marie. She said it softly out loud trying to get used to the sensation of the name on her lips. She rested her hand over the pocket and felt confident in her preparations underneath her heartbeat felt slow and calm. After takeoff Pearl braced herself for all the things that could go wrong Allied planes flying over France were often attacked by cannons pearls plane was no exception as the aircraft shook from explosions of shrapnel in the sky world desperately hoped you could still make the jump she moved to the bomb bay door event, like square cut into the plains underbelly and hung her feet over the edge. The freezing blast of high-altitude air knocked her shoes about like wind chimes. She was ready to go when the pilots gave the signal there was no time to think Earl simply did what she was trained to do. She hurled herself into the cold dark night and plummeted towards the ground. She pulled the ripcord and suddenly she was floating over the French Countryside at the mercy of the Winds with little control over the Shoot all she could do was hope the breeze wouldn't blow her too far off course. She landed in a bush a landing wasn't graceful. But no one was asking her to look pretty her mission was to dismantle a war she cut herself free from the parachute and crouched in the darkness trying to get her bearings a few moments later. She heard a distinct two-tone whistle. She recognize the familiar code. It was a signal from Her allies she whistled back and Marie's Southgate emerged from his hiding spot. He didn't greet her with any warmth. He was focused on the mission. That was the nature of being a field agent Pearl silently followed him to the farm where they were staying. Pearl spent our first night in France and Hayloft, but in the morning, she and Maurice hopped on a train to The Elegant Hotel buffet Zone in Bordeaux. Where on re was waiting for them when Pearl saw her fiance for the first time in three long years she felt as if she could breathe fully again. She hugged him tightly. He was shaking with emotion Pearl held on tight. She wasn't Going to lose on re again Pearl and on re had breakfast together and spent the afternoon enjoying each other's company. They chatted just like they had on the park benches years ago the lovers pretended as if the war around them didn't exist, but there was a war on and the next day Pearl got to work to help her blend in the soe team gave Pearl a new wardrobe with everything from under wear two hats. It's now that she looked like a regular French woman Pearl was ready to begin her life as a courier. She was excited to join the station or network, but she worried that the group of young men would have trouble working alongside a woman but Pearl was surprised to find she fit right in with the boys. In fact, one of pearls students said the Germans use women to do their dirty work. Why not? The English pearls assignments were often to deliver weapons food. Money some packages. She wasn't allowed to view other times. She simply carried information. The soe is simple goal was to help the resistance Guerrilla Fighters called the maki's to make the Nazis lives as difficult as possible Peter Davies World War Two veteran and Scholar described the maki's As anarchic and terroristic but these were pearls allies on the ground and they all had the same goal and to sabotage the German successfully the group needed resources one afternoon Maurice told Pearl to collect money from a man named Robert at a particular house in the countryside Robert met her at the address. She was given he led her upstairs, but he wanted to ask a few questions before handing over the money. Pearl was instantly suspicious this felt like an interrogation. She readies herself for hand-to-hand combat as proof of her identity Pearl mention the man whose Farm she stayed on the first night. She landed in France suddenly five other resistance officers emerged from an adjacent room and greeted her they'd been eavesdropping if Pearl hadn't been able to produce a name. They all recognized they would Attacked and she would have been terribly outnumbered but she just laughed at the thought of being murdered by other members of the resistance pearls calm demeanor LED Maurice to trust her more than he trusted other agents their old friendship also helped pave the way for Pearl to become a leader for the stationers eventually heading up a team of 20 resistance Fighters when the leaders of another group were arrested the station or network picked up the slack pearls. Oscar your roots and working hours became longer and the danger increased in turn if she was caught she could be subject to interrogation and killed memorization of her cover story was incredibly important. Unfortunately parole didn't have a photographic memory on one occasion this nearly cost her a mission Maurice sent her to the town of Somali a way to track down the wife of French General Gabrielle Cosette Pearl arrived. The address she'd memorized and asked for Madame Cosette the man who answered had no idea who she was talking about for old tried to gauge whether or not the man was simply playing dumb, but he gave her no signal she went to sit on a bench down the street to gather her thoughts. There was no way for her to know who to trust or what to do then she saw Madame Cosette leave a building across the street Pearl realized that she had gotten the address wrong. She hurried after After Madam Cosette and corrected course, it was only this blind luck that Salvage this mission after that Pearl worked hard to never forget information again, even with the occasional hiccup Pearl was still debilitating the enemy in small untraceable ways, but her next assignment would be the biggest yet and there would be no room for mistakes this Mission required explosives. When we come back Pearl in barks on her first sabotage assignment now back to the story during the fall of 1943 29 year old Pearl witherington was stationed in oh Vernier France after starting as a courier for the station or network. She was soon lending her expertise to resistance Fighters around the country together, they spread information weapons and money throughout nazi-occupied France. As winter approached Maurice Southgate the head of the stationers went on leave for the holiday season as his most trusted number two pearls suddenly found herself taking over his responsibilities one afternoon a radio message for Pearl came through from London the Royal Air Force One of the station or network to blow up the Michelin Factory in the city of clermont-ferrand. Michelin was a French owned business. That was now producing. Years for the German Army while French factories were usually forced to do so by the Nazi controlled government. It's still made them a huge Target for the soe and the message from London had a caveat if the soe failed to blow up the Factory The Royal Air Force would do it themselves Pearl contacted the local resistance leaders in clermont-ferrand to ask how they wanted to proceed and if the station our Branch could offer any assistance They turned her down when she asked how they would learn to use the explosives the generally simply told Pearl that they learned from their mistakes this made Pearl uneasy she was intimately aware of how dangerous these explosives could be if handled incorrectly according to dr. John White Clay Chambers the second soe trainees learned how to use various kinds of explosives including the new moldable gelatin-like. Plastic compounds which were more stable and contained more explosive power than TNT Earl worried that the clermont-ferrand group was under estimating how complicated these new explosives were she once again offered to come to the city and teach them how to rig the bombs properly again. She was turned down the local resistance men were sure they didn't need a woman to teach them. Well shortly after this Pearl became ill with intercostal neuralgia. A painful disorder that affects the nerves between the ribs when she could hardly get out of bed. Let alone force her way into a sabotage Mission miles away. So on Reed took a trip to the city in her place. However, when he got there the people of clermont-ferrand were so suspicious of the newcomer that he could barely find a place to sleep. There was no way he could help the mission with so little Trust As expected the Clermont team failed three times to blow up the factory one attempt set off the fire sprinklers and accidentally flooded the place when the physical attacks failed. They tried blackmailing the factory owners into slowing their production line hoping that would be enough to affect the Nazi supply chain disappointed with the results. The Royal Air Force went ahead and bomb the factory themselves. Pearl couldn't help but wonder if the sabotage would have been successful if the team had welcomed her expertise. She hated when her skills were questioned because of her gender, but she forced herself to take the high road in spite of their dismissive attitude Pearl fought to expand the size of the clermont-ferrand network her reports. Led the soe to launch a new network called freelance to help support the struggling section and even The animosity from some of her peers Pearl didn't regret her decision to join the soe she wrote a letter to her friend in London saying I get a bit hot around the collar now and again, but I'd far sooner be here than sitting in an office with Maurice on leave and her illness now behind her Pearl enjoyed her constant travel on varied and wide-reaching missions. She had essentially become a professional traveler the fear she won. Has had its sneaking past the Gestapo was now dulled after her constant exposure to Danger still she often felt powerless against the expanding efforts of the Nazis. They were tracking down resistance cells with new dedication and they had Pearl and the stationers in their sights in the spring of 1944. Pearl was staying in the house of her old contact Robert she Maurice and Few other soe agents live there with Roberts grandmother mother and wife. On the night of April 30th on re arrived at the house after a mission in Paris to celebrate his arrival Pearl decided it would be a capital idea to take a picnic together. She and on re Robert and his wife and some other soe members went to a nearby park for their outdoor lunch while the group was at the park Roberts grandmother answered a persistent knock on the door. She was expecting her doctor, but instead found a group of gestapo soldiers. They pushed their way inside looking for Pearl and her allies when the doctor arrived a few minutes later. He insisted on seeing his patient in private Roberts grandmother took the opportunity to pass on a message to Robert's in-laws the bidets who lived nearby Monsieur bday hurry to the park pale as a ghost when he found Picnickers pearls stomach dropped she knew instantly that whatever he had to say was not good news. In fact, it was the worst news possible. The Nazis had found them. Suddenly Pearl remembered something that made her blood run cold Maurice hadn't come to the picnic because he'd been out on business and they had no way to reach him. He was oblivious to the Gestapo waiting at the house. When he came home Maurice Southgate was arrested the next day. He was sent to Molson prison. The Germans showed Maurices picture to other resistance members, they'd captured and one of them identified him as an important leader Maurice was interrogated and beaten by the Gestapo to avoid execution. He gave them the name of an unimportant resistance Network then on June 1st. The Gestapo transferred him to the concentration camp at buchenwald because of Maurices divulgence the station or network had to divide for safety. Berlin on re went to a farm called Les psuche in the small town of Andhra along the way they spread a coded message to other resistance members Pearl was shaken by Maurices arrest. She had no idea if he was still alive and with Maurice gone and pearl in hiding the station or network was fractured and leaderless. She sat at the farm replaying the events that led her to another Hayloft in the French Countryside right where she'd started her Espionage network was likely disbanded Maurice was in a concentration camp and she and her fiance were once again on the run. Everything Pearl had worked for was in shambles, but she decided right there in The Hayloft that she would put it all back together. Thanks for listening to espionage will be back Friday to continue pearls mission for more information on Pearl witherington among the many sources used. We found code named Pauline Memoirs of a World War II special agent by Pearl witherington corny Oli and hervé larocque extremely helpful to our research. You can find more episodes of Espionage and all other Park asked Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify already have all of your favorite music, but now spotify's making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite Park a store Originals like Espionage for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream Espionage on Spotify just open the app and type Espionage in the search bar. And don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and on Twitter at Park asked network will be back next week with another Deep dive into the world of clandestine. operation Espionage was created by Max Cutler and is a park a Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron kotler sound design by Michael Lang dinner with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden Isabella way and Paul Moller this episode of Espionage was written by Emily sheer with writing assistance by Kate Gallagher. I'm Carter Roy.