SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling. On that and just holding some invisible news in front of your face, which I think is completely rude of me. I've been well regardless a lots of personal projects a lot of reinvention a lot of awareness a lot of just Springtime cleaning in that sense, I guess from my personal and my brand so I guess that that's been good. I guess it's always good for anybody. So I think we should all like keep checking in with ourselves and making sure that we're reanalyzing if our goals are still Know what we should be going towards so I guess that kind of does tie into a little bit of one of our topics today taking action normally in my podcast. I'll do three different topics. And so today we're going to talk about stress leadership and taking action three things that sometimes can be a struggle to anybody. I've definitely struggled with it in my life. So I'll share some personal experiences with those things, but I'll also share some tips and tricks on what Really help you and what can make your day-to-day successful? Okay, so I would jump right into it. So our first topic is stress. How do you have less stress sometimes stress is just inevitable. Right? But I guess it's just the way that we respond to what's happening to us. So number one identify. What stresses you out. You really got to be honest about what it is. What's going on? What is happening Analyze That is it even worth like what's even going on like What's the outcome? What is the price paid and you know, I like you said be really honest with that like be mindful in every moment and be present where you can say. Okay. What is happening? Is this Purpose Driven? Is this like does this add up to what I'm really trying to accomplish? And so you also have to consider. Are you having too many demands and too little time? A lot of people can spread this sounds a little too thin and you really got to analyze How much are you how much are you giving and haven't are you taking all so you really just got to balance everything out. So we're just remember that you're in control. Think about what you can remove think about what you can add to your life to make it more simple and clean and organized. But what can you remove also people objects experiences? It doesn't need to just be like a physical thing. It could be a mental practice could be have it could be a person who's just driving you nuts. Just literally just stresses you out anytime you walk by them, like maybe it's time to just walk a different way. So just take responsibility for your stress take responsibility for what is going on around you. It's more about how do you want to act based on what you're experiencing instead of? How do you want to react to it? How do you take action based on what you're experiencing? So don't just react to the situations do something about it and that Has everything to do with taking responsibility for your life and not allowing anybody else to be the one to say? Okay? Hey, I'm going to make you feel this way. So now your life is in my control. You don't want anybody to be controlling your life to you really got to make sure that you're being in control taking responsibility for your everything. Even if it's not your fault. I mean taking responsibility does not issue you fault whatsoever. And then to time management is huge. Taking the initiative to make sure that you are asking for help and also helping others because that can really assist you and help you and getting towards your goal in life. And that's also going to assist you with setting your priorities. What's important to you. What's your mission? What's your purpose? What's the goal in what you're trying to do in your day to day is what you're doing not eating adding up. So just consider those things and make sure that you're paying. Sing yourself to your pacing yourself. You're considering that you're not rushing too much because what you rush will never last long and what you want to last long cannot be rushed. It has to be every detail has to be built. If you rush a building being built. There's going to be some pieces missing you want to make sure that each piece is correctly made and administered and put in and hammered it so that the building can be as whole and as one and so you got to treat yourself treat your priorities treat your time management. Minute like that. So pace yourself take time don't rush patience is key and that means also taking breaks taking relaxation moments for yourself and slowing down maybe using a Roma therapy for yourself. I do believe that having certain scents in different Aromas will really set your senses to a different place. There are certain smells that bring me to a calmer place than others and if you know yourself if you know What makes you happy? What makes you cozy what makes you feel at ease search that out and find that for yourself. It's not it's amazing how we can control our senses in our environment and our mood and our Vibe just by picking certain things to eat smell feel here. Don't close off just one sense to music or whatever like get a nice blanket get a nice food get a nice drink get a nice whatever the sense maybe like, it's just you have Roll over what you get to feel and how you get to slow down and how you get to appreciate day to day just by little things here and there right also, one of the greatest things for me. Sometimes is this thing called the Pomodoro effect where basically your focus on a single task every 25 minutes and for every 25 minutes you take a five-minute break afterwards and then after every five minute break after the fourth time you take 30 minute break and then you just continue your task and then you probably finish when you have your designated break time in the day or you're done in your day and that's supposed to really help you with just taking your mind in and out getting your focus in a different way to analyze things not just in a really kind of stagnant way, but it's helpful to see things in a new approach. So taking that five-minute break sometimes brings you outside of where you were even in the sense where R like for my third topic here within how to be less stressed when you're doing something or you putting your to-do list for the day together, right you want to make sure at least for me personally that I'm accomplishing all the easiest tasks first. Okay, because that means that all those easy tasks are mostly maybe 5 to 10 minutes not even right, but they almost kind of give me this amazing ability and confidence to continue throughout the day because I'm checking things off but like if you almost do Your longest task earliest you kind of forfeit Yourself by completing all these little tasks because later when you're tired and you're almost done and depleted your kind of brushing off these little simple task that could have been so easy earlier on and could have given you this drive and tenacity and momentum. But with that being said, I think the thing is is that when you start something and you switch over to something else sometimes we don't feel like switching over or changing between The 25-minute tasks the single tasks or whatever if you think about only spending five minutes with something you said? Okay. I'm only going to do it for five minutes. Okay, every time I feel like after I've done it five minutes, I want to keep doing it for 10 minutes 15 minutes 20 minutes. It's almost like when you're not in it in an experience, you know, you almost don't care or want to be in it. But then once you get into it for those five minutes and your energies attached to it, it's Feeling a little different now you care a little bit more and so give yourself five minutes to care about something. That's all five minutes is Five Sixty Seconds, you know break it down as much as you need to don't overwhelm yourself. Just think about it in the smallest of terms. Give yourself five minutes it just try whatever and that's going to really assist you with breaking down and doing with easy first and less stress for yourself without having To be so it's like you just don't want to do anything. You may be putting something off when you're procrastinating and you just cannot begin something and you almost dread the next assignment or the next task. But once you just give yourself that little bit promise shifts a lot and you've also got it. Like I said, you've got to right. Oh, you got it not even just write out most of the next step. You've got to think about. Is it worth it? What are you doing? Is it adding up? To the big picture of what you're trying to accomplish. Okay, and I think my biggest thing to really adjust to most of these issues is to just write everything down always write everything down. It's easier when everything's not so in your head and you're just everything just floating around and it feels so much bigger so much just overwhelming, but you just have to really think about breaking things down right of them down. Down and looking at them physically because it really does help you in the long run and that brings me to my fourth point is getting organized. Okay, you really just want to make sure you get an organized in any way that you can possibly get organized. This is really going to assist you with getting rid of any of the stress that you're dealing with stress to me for the longest was unsure of the unknown and in much as I am excited about the unknown now because it's a different approach. It's a little less confusing because when I wake up in the morning, I have my Morning routine when then when I come back from my morning routine, I do my to-do list for my whole day. And then I write my to do list down and then I break that down in timing and then what am I doing each thing at which time or whatever and I'm crossing it out Crossing each thing off and I'm also every time I'm organizing them by time. Like I said, I'm also organizing by what's easiest first what's urgent? What's important? What's not urgent? But what's important? Just think about those certain things I think are really helpful and making sure that that you've got maybe a calendar that you use on your phone. You know, you got a personal calendar that's physical and your hand get a notebook anything that you need that can be the second brain to you is key and not even just that but making sure that your space is cleaned to making sure that you're wherever you are at your space where you be creative where you almost kind of seclude yourself from all the other chaos of the world. It's like you gotta make sure that space is clean. It's neat its organized so that you You think and just be less stressed feel at ease and feel good in the space that you can grow and learn in just evolve. You don't want to hold yourself back in that way. So clean up and your head clean up in your organization clean up in your space clean up in your intentions simplify all of the things that you think need to be over planned or over thought just go just do that's all that's it. It now another wonderful thing to do to be less stressful civically is to have a routine that means to be have something for yourself where you're practicing morning noon and night. Okay something that's consistent whether it be about self-care whether it be for your business, whether it be anything just making sure that things are consistent in their own way and that could include sleeping. Well, there's a lot of things that involve sleeping. Well that I'm not just gonna sit here and pretend I'm a Because I'm not because everything is a variable and I'm not going to generalize it all but I will say that when we sleep well life as well. So just make sure that you're communicating with whoever you need to to make sure that you are accomplishing a good sleep pattern but also making sure that you are making an effort to maybe create some kind of if you are a content creator like me specifically or someone who just creates in general have some kind of content calendar for yourself or a no. art calendar or some kind of intentional calendar to have things to hit every day to stay consistent to stay focused and driven with a pattern and a brand and something that people can look forward to from you to share and to learn and to educate through and I think we are as much as we give to others and as much as we teach to others, so I think it's best that we never hold Secrets, but we're always just continuously giving and so if you are almost stuck a little Of it and what you should be doing now, just think about what kind of community can you create for people like you right? So create from that now also, you know part of that self-care routine you can work out if you'd like eat. Well, you can meditate you can also use guided meditation. You can try guided imagery which I think is pretty cool or guided sounds, you know, listen to rain noise. Imagine use your imagination to Envision. You are somewhere Are you love you feel good, close your eyes hear the sound feel it Vision it smell it just try to practice that as much as possible. Another really nice thing you can do is relax each muscle and body part that you have within you to really nice meditation process. Sometimes is to just kind of start from your toes or start from your head. Even if you'd like, sometimes I start from my head and just relax spot. So start with your eyes. Straw rise rest your eyebrows rest your forehead. Rest your cheeks. Rest your jaw bone. Rest your neck. Rest your shoulders rest your arms and rest your hands on your hips legs your knees your thighs your shin. Relax your ankles your feet toes really nice process. I hope you get the gist. It's really a nice. It's nice to just be present practice reading and to be present with your breath meditation. Isn't this like thing where you're supposed to be perfect or supposed to be silent. You're really just supposed to sit with yourself and be present with yourself and to go through all the emotions. You're feeling naturally really this the least fakest thing possible really just a check in with yourself. So practice that have a routine with that and you really could be on your way to not just being Vic but just picking out what needs to be worked on and then actually working on it taking action through that so we'll talk about how to take action as well. Now you can also practice gratitude and make sure that you're practicing better self talk to yourself. Make sure that you are being your own friend loving yourself speaking kind to yourself understanding yourself being patient with yourself holding yourself accountable holding trust with yourself. Sometimes we say things will be going to do I'm going to do it tomorrow. Well, you better hold that trust with yourself because if you keep selling yourself in your do something and then you never do it. I mean, who is that really hurting yours hurting yourself? Because the more you say that you're going to do something the more you're like, oh, wow. I know I say things all the time. I'm not really gonna do it. You really have to make sure you are practicing self talk with yourself first and foremost right? Make sure that you're practicing that gratitude with yourself you thankful for where you're from thankful for your at because that's the things that's going to bring you to the Next step in your life. Be present. Don't just exist through where you're at now pay attention to stuff pay attention to things pay attention how you can come up how you can level up how you can be better than where you're at right now find a book find a passion find a thing find a would ever find a lesson to learn a growth pattern that can put you in a direction where it's not necessarily. Okay, every day is got to be the same be okay with a different trajectory a Current path in the same path. There's a lot of options out here and a lot of possibilities and a lot of opportunities that I get very excited about. So I guess how do I relieve stress specifically, right? You're probably wondering and I mean these tips are these are very much what I practice but to be specific. I guess I practice patience. I used to think that I don't know. I just I don't know what I thought about patience patience was almost. Ass provided but it's like patience is a practice. It's a means to happiness and a means to draw my list life. It is a means to kindness and understanding and acceptance for everything for changes for knows four yeses for everything. I think so just I think the biggest stress reliever for me is patience and practice and patience through my routine. Practicing patience through my business and my personal my relationships everything. So yeah next topic leadership. Okay. So leadership is a pretty interesting topic. I thought I'd talk about it because I feel like some people struggle sometimes with maybe just taking control of a situation right? Like maybe they just feel like there may be the follower type or something. Maybe we we might not always feel like we are confident enough to be the one to say what we think. And I think this is for those people right? So first I say communication is absolutely key. Make sure you are communicating you make sure you are observing everything make sure you are listening to everything and when you are honest about your feedback make sure there is tacked involved and when I say tact some people don't know what tact means but tact means that you are saying things with other people's feelings and emotions in mind and with there. Intentions in mind you got to really say things with understanding that it could affect other people and that's what tact means. So realizing that there may be an outcome that you didn't expect but you should consider those expectations when you do anything so speak love show love but also hold people accountable. We want to make sure that you're holding the ones around you accountable because that will make you a leader. You're not just someone who allows other people to just exist. Student to do things willy-nilly I mean you you want to make sure that stuff gets done and that's on that's what a leader does right. So don't be afraid to hold people accountable but also speak with love and tact and make sure that you are being understanding in that way now to I have a little bit of problem with this one. This is micromanaging. Now, sometimes we have to understand that we cannot spread ourselves. So then we have to understand that we cannot do everything right because we aren't made for everything and there's a million other people on this Earth that are supposed to do all those things in assist us with those things. So that means that we have to give trust in order to earn trust and we've got to give people the benefit of the doubt. We've got to find the good within people in order to allow them to help us and when we allow others to help us that really allows us to help us because we're giving ourselves more time. Focus on the things we're actually good at and things that we can actually provide for other people in turn. So on or others through their passions and honor yourself through the trust in the benefit of the doubt that you can provide for those others another wonderful way to become a leader in your community in your relationships. Whatever is to set goals for yourself, whether they be daily monthly yearly long-term short-term. Whatever now that means when you hold yourself accountable, when you give these wonderful goals for yourself, you are you know, you're always one step ahead of yourself. There's no competition with other people. There's no perfect moment. There's no nothing. You're just always continuing growth and that in itself is an inspirational thing too many people and that is something that a lot of people cannot necessarily do. So, I think just realize that nothing is Impossible to make sure that you're staying consistent and make sure that you're having intentional inflexible goals for yourself. You don't you if things change it's not the worst thing in the world go with the flow and be okay with the changes life comes with because those are the things that teach us the best lessons right and between all those types of situations have self check ins with yourself check in and say is this really the place I'm trying to To go towards. Okay. And is it working is what I'm doing even working and is it prospering do I feel good? It's really not about anybody else. But you do you feel happy. Are you happy right now? The next way to become better leader is to embrace new ideas and new opportunities for yourself. I wouldn't necessarily get to be a Yes Man. I mean, I'll be honest. I was yes woman for a very long time. I always Not necessarily new but I had hope that every one of my experiences would bring me to the next and it would teach me something or another maybe not everyone was perfect for me. But I promise that everyone taught me something that I maybe should do next or shouldn't do so, I don't regret any of it. Not one bit. So I would say most important thing with being a leader is to embrace new ideas and New Opportunities and that means embracing the new experiences that come in front of you you be present. Those because those are the things that make life worth everything. It's not these this times we hit a goal and you're successful for one of those moments and recreo now what next it's the progress It's the process. It's the experience of everyday where we are learning and growing through. So Embrace those new ideas embrace the failures embrace the confusion embrace the questionable moments because those are the ones that kind of inspire you to push through and to Lies a little different and make sure that you are teaching yourself consistently read as much as possible. Ask as many questions as possible. Don't hold yourself back from educating yourself because the less you ask the less, you know, the thing is is like ignorance is not Bliss whatsoever. So have fun with being educated. It's not life is not this thing where we're supposed to be born. Perfect. We're supposed to be perfect all the time. Like the fun of life is Not be perfect and to fix those imperfection consistently and to educate ourselves consistently and to always get better. We're not supposed to be our best right now. We're supposed to always become our best. So be excited about becoming your best be excited about growing be excited about being wrong be excited about failing because that's only bringing you to your next best self. Now that brings me into the next leadership point is integrity, right? So you always just want to make sure that you are focusing. On right over wrong and doing what you say holding yourself accountable in that way and making sure that you're holding positive standards for yourself speaking positive to yourself speaking positive to others not gossiping not talking trash not investing your time and yourself and things that aren't beneficial to the authentic outcome that you're hoping to have. Like I said the fake it till you make it concept isn't the most realistic and it's not going to make you last very long. It's a really denture. Until kind of idea where if you fake it till you make it negative fake it the whole time and you really just want to have that struggle with being yourself as much as possible because you don't want to be chasing or begging to be in a space you want to be invited and welcomed and feel hole-in-one. So do that now the next topic we have last but not least is balance and balance to me is pretty important. Because I do believe that a lot of people talk about the concept of personal work balance, right? It's like this never-ending stress. Like how can I have more personal time? But I'm working. I think it's an unnecessary stress. I think that we put too much thought into it. I think that if you really decided to have more personal time you could but I think there's fear involved now, let me explain number one. Don't try to be everything. Okay, focus on your strengths focus on what makes you happy focus on what you're amazing at focus on your love for what you do? Okay, that means you've gotta Outsource as much as possible Outsource. What doesn't work for you what you're not good at with making things take too long and you've got to make sure that you're saying no to things that don't work. You've also got to make sure that you're not feeling guilty about saying Saying no, you have to make sure that you're taking responsibility for your time and your life because that's most important to you. That's balanced. Okay balance is your responsibility. Not anybody else's it's not about your boss. It's not about the environment that about the economy is not about anything. It's about your responsibilities with what you want to do with the opportunities. In possibilities presented to you now within that you've got to make sure that you are taking the time to make time. Okay. Now what I mean that I mean you realizing that time management is very important. You're taking your time to make sure that you are organizing your time. You're making lists. Now one of the lists you could do if you'd like if you are one of those personal versus business time peeps, which I think is realistic. Don't get me wrong. You've got to list now you've got personal No, listen, you got a business list. Now all these two lists. You've got four different things for different things are Urgent versus important things. Okay now urgent and important you right underneath important but not urgent right underneath urgent but not important right underneath and neither. Okay. And in that order is the importance of what you should be addressing and urgency is clearly. Of most interest to your life to others and so you should make sure that you're tackling those things most importantly and most urgent things are probably the most quick they don't take that much time. So just hit them real quick and then move on with your life. What I like to do to my biggest thing for time management is scheduling absolutely everything. This is down to like my shower the down to my breakfast. This is down to I made one sale as I get dressed or like put on a sock. Like now we're not going that far but like definitely scheduling everything to the point where it feels good to check it off because those take time and that makes you feel like you're accomplishing things in your successful in your day because it's not every day that we all feel ready and willing to just do everything. It takes to complete our day. Sometimes it takes a lot of energy to brush your teeth. Sometimes it takes a lot of energy to take a shower. Sometimes it takes a lot of energy to get dressed for some people, you know, and so like we have To acknowledge and celebrate ourselves for those things sometimes and that's important. So don't put yourself down for accomplishing the little things make sure you write in those things down make sure that you are giving yourself the successful momentum and motivation that you deserve now that means promising yourself. Like I said before about this trust with yourself, it's a very very very important you have to make promises to yourself. Because that's a relationship with yourself. And the more that you break the promises with yourself the less you trust your own word trust your own word. And then that will give yourself morally away to actually commit and to stay consistent and to be motivated and to stay driven in your goal. Right? So trust yourself. Love yourself be your friend be your best friend and ignore any trivial moments any confusion any distractions that Don't add up to the big picture make sure that your designated personal hours business hours for me. I have 5 a.m. To 9 a.m. Is my personal time. That's why I wake up at 5 a.m. Every single day because it's just the time that I need for myself to check in to stay committed to the fact that I get to choose my own energy before anybody else gets to because the world is a whole mess as we know. So we got to make sure that we are picking our own energy. Don't let allow anybody else to affect what you got. Going on in your goals, right? Because you are here to help other people at the end of the day. So do what you can do for you and your community and that means maybe designate a certain hours for your personal which can assist you and feeling better about those business hours. So because I have a five to nine for my personal I have greater sense to complete things and to stay aware and mindful in that nine-to-five to answer calls to be patient. Be creative and feel successful and confident in myself. So make sure that you're taking those designated hours and holding yourself accountable to those hours because they're very very important. Also what I realized two biggest time management waste is taking in person meetings. If you don't need to take an in-person meeting don't do it. Do it online meetings these days. It's so easy have a Skype call. Somebody have a phone call with somebody. You don't need to get up go out have lunch do that like Conversation is very easy. These days just meet people online have an online meeting with somebody and that saves you a ton of time. Another way to balance your time is to analyze your time. This is pretty obvious, but it's a hard one for some people to admit. So going to think about how are you spending your time? What are the boundaries you are setting for yourself? How are you saying? No, how are you saying? Yes, what are your intentions? What are your decisions? What's Decision-making process. Are you actually doing the things that make sense? And what's your body saying? Are you nervous? Sometimes? I don't want to do something and it takes me like weeks to do it. I've got a maybe listen to that and be like maybe I just don't want to do it. Maybe I just don't care about it. Right and that could be I mean, I guess we can talk about this podcast haven't done any weeks, but that doesn't mean I don't care about it. I was always on my mind and I was like, oh, I gotta do what I gotta do it. That's different. It's more so like, oh, I'm dreading this all my God. I don't want to do this like then don't do it. You don't have to do anything. If so, I mean if you got a job that this whatever is like and it's like tackling you down to killing you like just get out of there man, like gonna know it could be a struggle could be a process to just fixing a just around these things that you might be distressed through to get out of but like stress is the number one killer on this Earth. Do you want to die based on somebody else's intentions and their Dreams, you better die off your own right? So what is your body saying listen to it? Let's do your mind with your gut. Listen to your so listen to your heart listen to it all because it's telling you something and then also, where are your mistakes lying? What is your mistakes? How did you make them? Where what why right be realistic about that and make sure that you're not just picking it yourself to be like I made mistakes. I this like a Just we're needs to be better next time. Like don't be defeatist be a Victor. Don't be a victim. This is not a place where you're supposed to feel down in the dumps about being sucky like be sucky and then suck that shit up and then go on like just be confident in your suck because that that means that you're trying that means that you are giving and doing an existing more than people can. Fathom and that to me is true life and true existence and true living you better work that realistic living. Yes. Analyze your ish. Okay. So finally for The Balancing Act make a must to do list. This is beyond the to list that I gave the Urgent important, whatever you've got to put together a must-do list, which means this means good health. Equals everything else. So this good Must List is working out eating. Well, maybe whatever like going to shoot every now and then have to post a podcast have to do a YouTube have to post whatever it's like these very specific things that almost kind of give you a tactic right give yourself a tactic to consider to practice to focus on and get better at it. Fun give yourself a challenge and don't be so defeatist to the things that may give us issues or that could seem like sacrifice those things that people always talk about eating well and working out and cutting people off that aren't helpful and all that stuff. Like it's like people just don't say that for no reason. It's like they really say it for a reason because it genuinely means something and if you just give yourself Self a chance you can feel that too. It just takes patience. It takes giving yourself that moment to realize it because sometimes all it takes is just a little click. So allow yourself that little click. Thank you so much again for listening to my podcast you wonderful. Wonderful people. I will see you next time and until then take care and have a wonderful one.