Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games and entertainment recorded each.Week from New York City and bounce around cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now or not at all. Good man, how you been? How was your getaway? It was good. It was nice reset. I hurt myself. Okay, I fell down a mountain. And that was that was fine. Like Skyrim. You just like yeah just tumbled like this word odd off the side of a mountain. But yeah, I'm fine. I'm recovering but it was a good reset man like got to get out of town. Especially if you live in New York City where it can get overwhelming here and just feels like you're just never stopping and shit. Yeah to smell fresh air. Just go up a couple. Eight. I know that's like it's go up to States. Yeah, I went to Vermeil. It was dope is really fun hanging out with some friends. I see a lot of stars stars would fucking gorgeous the satellites know it was cold, but it wasn't like unbearable and just like little quaint towns driving through like we drove to this college town that I was like, I've never seen this guy don't know, you know, it's like like a Main Street. It was like Main Street and then it just turned into college still like it was like college. Yes, I'm like, I can't tell if people traveled to college here or if they are like from local. Yay. It's like such a small College that's but it was beautiful. It was like these really old buildings and it's like and really cool. That's interesting man. It is it is nice to like escape the bubble every once in a while because you forget like you wind up. I mean, I know I sure as fuck forget that like wow, there's a whole world out there. There's fresh air. You're on the Hudson. Yeah. I know it is how it really is and something like you go only two hours three hours. Away, it's yeah, uh, yeah. Yeah for sure even if even if it's just like I also find it like a the wild blessing whenever I go out and there's like no I have no service or I like I intentionally why even like unintentionally, I'll forget to like look at my phone all the time and my phone I just, you know, put it in do not disturb and be like wow Twitter doesn't fucking matter without that was that's really interesting. You said that because that was one of the things I like didn't realize I needed so like up in the mountains is this not too much service except when you have Wi-Fi and when we were in the house, we were all like hanging out drinking smoking shit. So it was like, you know, no one was really on the phone, right? It was nice. Yeah, when I got back like to civilization was like oh shit. Yeah, I don't do that stuff work. Yeah and like yeah for real and also like I don't know I think every I know I'm very guilty of it as well. Like I'll be on Twitter and like, you know, I want to be a part of the Zeitgeist and like, oh, wow this new trailer. Am I right everybody? It's like when you when you go away on a vacation That it's so nice to just leave that part of your brain behind and just like like you said just be present with your friends and like wow, look at these Stars. Yeah, it's nice. It really is really fun. I got to play any other things you want to do actually. Yeah real quick. I want to shout out. If you live in New York. I've like shouted this Museum out multiple times. But yesterday I went with a couple friends and my partner we checked out the new 2001 A Space Odyssey exhibit at the Museum of the moving image and emit good that museum is So in my opinion lights right there de-rated. Yeah, it's so good. You could take like in trade. Yeah, I think it's right off the end or I think you can even take the seven to some spot and go walk around. So look at Long Island City so much good stuff around there too. Yeah. Well, it's more like as think a story. Yeah. Yeah, but it's really good. I mean if you've ever watched 2001 A Space Odyssey or you're like a little bit of a group of Kubrick fan of sorts, which I'm not completely but I like I can appreciate some of his work, but 2001 He's like super super influential and important for the for the culture especially like movies and even video games especially as someone who plays a ton of No Man's Sky effects. I was like watching something directly inspired. Yeah, you want to go right back home and by no man's sky. But yeah, it's really good. And then there's like obviously other museums there. There's like the Jim Henson Museum exhibit like the Muppets. I think it's still there. Yeah, and they have a bunch of really cool stuff in there that and then we then went and got dinner nearby. There's tons of I'll get some Polish good food over there so much good food. And then we just like went back for a 7:30 screening of Akira, which I've never seen in theaters. And apparently it's a part of a thing which I need to look up and maybe I'll link it into the show notes. If you happen to be in the New York City area specifically in Queens, even or even on the border of Queens. It's like this local sort of community or some sort of like, I don't know organization that they just show like Art House movies or like, you know, kind of cult Some stuff in the two guys before the movie went it was a sold out show like the theater was huge and it was like pack we had to sail all the way in the back but it was totally fine. So we they like kind of introduced it like yeah, you know where this organization what I would this group Collective. Yeah. We're just Collective and he's like what we learned tonight is that we could show more anime is like it's usually we don't like it's rare for us to get like sold out shows like this. So yeah, it was like and it was interesting hearing it in the context of like so I mean like I feel like by now, Now everyone or mostly everybody has seen a cure or at least come by it or yeah or company talking about influential things, right? It's like super influential especially for a lot of like cyberpunk things and especially anime and he the one of the guys he was like, you know older gentleman like myself and he was saying like, yeah, you know when it when I when I was a kid and his movie came out it was like a cult classic VHS tape like you would like seek out the VHS tape and I remember like seeing this on tape like I remember seeing it on tape on like a tube TV and being like, what is this like this the same way? I saw like ninjas. For the first time just that ultraviolent. Yeah, you're like, oh my God, I gotta see more of this while it was like a 2-hour music video. At least that's how I perceived it as a kid, right and then watching it now as a 31-year old, you know in the year 2020 the year of our lord, it's it just hits so differently and like that movie is very like famously about a bunch of different things but mostly about like, you know, nuke the the sort of like the what's the word. I'm looking for like the trauma of dealing with being a Entry that was like, you know a victim of nuclear war right and and its present in a lot of its things a lot of its anime and stuff and even movies and stuff. But seeing it now and especially in these times it was an experience to watch it in a theater full of people who would like laugh when there were funny beats and which would be like a but gasp Whenever there was like a Twist because like they were obviously some people in the crowd who had never seen it before and I always recommend even if you've seen a movie before Maybe you've only seen it at home if there is a screening for a movie like try to watch into theater because it's a holder changer. Yeah. Yeah, especially if it's like packed out like you yeah. Yeah people reacting you gonna get a lot more like variations of reactions and that'll also like kind of cue you into like noticing other things that you didn't notice totally totally. Yeah, and I've also had a tasty treat beforehand. It sounds very present in the moment and it reminds me to of like how you know, there's a lot of rumors and talk of of a Hollywood remake coming out or trying to get into production and it makes me like it makes me first like very very skeptical obviously and also just kind of like turned off by that whole Prospect because it's a very specific thing that was from a very specific place with a very specific perspective and you can't just like, you know being yingst it somewhere else. Yeah, exactly. So like and also like why would you want to I mean personally speaking? I don't know why you would want a live-action Akira movie because like that's the whole point of that move. Like seeing that animation, especially yesterday. I haven't seen it in like probably 20 years or something. Yeah seeing it was like seeing you for the first time. It's so beautiful you ever seen that video that they were talking about like all the backgrounds and how they would draw on and so since I got to try to find it was like a video this guy was talking about like the screens and how they like interested through it all. It's like this is intense because like everything is drawn, right? Yeah every single Kendra hand-drawn. Yeah, and it's like it Blows my mind that this existed but all the other thing that the guy mentioned to before the movie started which I which I was why I brought it up is he said that like, yeah in the 90s. This thing was considered like a like a cult classic but also like a thing that was like, you know look down upon it was like dismissed because it was like a cartoon or whatever like and especially at that time, you know, like Prestige Hollywood Cinema and stuff like that. You know, it's still taking its infant steps towards like accepting the the more Global scene at large like we you know, do you think Scorsese would Think about it. I mean, I'm sure he would he would I think he I don't know. I think he would probably appreciate it. But he would he would still be like wow, this is a lot it is like he's like, ah so curious. Yeah. I know. Yeah, I know what that body of work. Yeah actually speaking of it. Yeah now so I like I walked out of that theater being like wow. I have a newfound appreciation of that movie and also just a newfound appreciation for Seeing movies again in theaters, which is one of my favorite things. I love to do. And also yeah, if you live in New York, like even if you're in one of the outer boroughs are your maybe in the New York City area, like maybe you're in Jersey or Connecticut or whatever it's worth the drive. Oh my God, take take a trip. It's so good. Especially on a nice like sunny day. It's so worth it. But article let's just jump right into what we've been playing. Yeah. So like this one. I kind of want to bring up first just because act well, not that I forgot to write it down, but are in the lead when I was a when I was in Vermont. That brought my switch and my doc just in case like we want to play some party games and maybe someone had this is a group of friends. That doesn't really play video games too much not like in a way that I play, you know, like in a little talk about it at all. That was like like you said like before like a couple weeks ago. I didn't really like realize it just like it is refreshing to not talk about video game. It is the best is the fucking best. It's super refreshing but it is also good to like, you know when we have down time to like Pop open my switch. So I was like in the morning. I was like one of the first people up so I was just like they had a big-ass TV. So I hooked up my switch and then more people will start streaming in they watch me play like luminous and stuff. I saw you on the floor. Yeah. Yeah. It was just me and my girlfriend we were like drink coffee and I was like, I'm gonna go lay on the floor and play some human a week my brain. Yeah, right and then cross word puzzle and more people started coming into the couch in living room area, and then I was like when we all play Something so I downloaded a drawerful though, Jack box came so good. This is like super easy dollars or something. Yeah. It was like super cute and yeah, everybody just pops up in the phone. We had a fucking blast. Like that's a crying laughing Perfect Party really good shit. Yeah. I just want to shout that game out because it's really dope. It was just a cool like switch like it was one of those Nintendo commercials. Yeah. Yeah like and and the second time in my life that that's ever happened. We're like at a party. I'm like pull out my switch. And everybody's like into it. Yeah, they're like sit down and bowl of popcorn like yeah like yeah, Jerry everybody's like into it. Yeah. I'll tell you what, he's losing. His name is Jared. Yeah sure. But no. Yeah. It's a good game, but just really quickly though. It's like it's so everyone can actually it's one of the Jack box obvious which are all phenomenal but like mostly all of them are phenomenal but this one you log into like a server you go to look at URL with the code and everyone with a smartphone or even an iPad whatever they can join in and it's basically like you're it's like, what's the what's that other game Draw? Pictionary it's like Pictionary. Yeah, but instead you're given a prompt everybody's given a prompt to draw something. So everybody draws in and then you're when you're drawing gets up there. So basically you want to be accurate what you're drawing, but it's not completely necessary. So the way you get points of wooden your drawings up is that people Guess The Prompt write correctly, right? Yeah, but it's the audience's job. If this is the way they can get points when they're in that picture is not up is that That they just come up with their own prompt either try to get it as close to your prompt as possible or try to just trick everybody else into voting for what they think is prompted. Yeah. So yeah, it's a really funny game some people come up with some really funny shit and you just like damn like I would have never thought that was somewhat that was yeah and every once in a while to your like somebody will misspell something so there's always like jokes happening when you don't expect this a little bit so it's just full of like good stuff. Yeah. It's a really good game. I see. Fun and you can play for like hours and it's really dumb and stupid. Yeah, but other than that, yeah, we got some got a chance to jump into no man's sky and update, right? Yeah. No manske no manske, I guess the big up. Did they have a title for this update? I think we just call it the living ship update. Okay. Yeah. So basically same is normal, but now there's this Quest where you can get this like egg void egg. Yeah, and you send you on a quest to get this voice. Boyd egg you put it on your ship and eventually your ship gets overrun by the egg and you can fly a living ship. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm so fucking close. I am so close because like part of the thing is like you mentioned you eat you there's different ways to obtain the egg. I actually just gave you have an extra one here take it I saved you from like hours of grinding I'm gonna have to do it anyway, but the grinding yeah because I'm not using that save file anymore. So that's started. I might I might actually have another one. So I'll just give you another want to do it. All right? You like you know how you were like I kind of just want to do it. Yeah. Yeah. Well if I got time and that game is all about like just managing it might also just wind up in your inventory the way it did with me because I was like, I don't even know I had it but yeah, so like the the way it works is you have the egg in your inventory and then it sort of like speaks to you in some weird way and have to listen to it and then like you have to go into space and you get called by a living ship that's talking to you the the pilot and it's kind of sort of telling you that like your egg is trying to tell you something listen to it and you basically just go on like a quest of trying to pinpoint the different things it needs and you're going to like these different so you land on a planet you go to this like portal and it tells you like are you have to craft this thing and you have to craft like the membrane or like the the brain the brain stem so you craft the brain stem and yet like upgrade your multi-tool and then like once you have that it'll be like, okay now go back into space and then the okay now you have to craft the eyes and I have to craft so you like crafting parts of the body, but the interesting twist is and I'm not sure. You can you can probably Flats with the your PS4 as clock internal clock the way people do with like Animal Crossing. You could like mess up the the or like Advance the clock so that way because you'll get something you'll get a quest a part of your part of the step in the quest. That's like you have to wait twenty two hours for this thing to mature. So like okay cool have to like wait until tomorrow night to do that. And that's how I did it because I didn't feel any need to like rush through it. So it's been taking me like a week. And a half to get it done just because like I don't play it every day, but I played maybe like every few days and but when I do it's like four hours at a time. So yeah, I'm not I feel like I'm at the final stages of it and I cannot wait to just finally have that because I when I get to the Nexus you can you can usually find some guy like parking lot Pimpin like just showing off the car or his living ship. So I'm so close to finally getting it but I'm still a little far away, but it's it's a nice way to get back into this. Wing of things because you I forgot about like how to make this specific thing or how to refine this or where to find that or how to combine This and like as a result. I've been like in that downtime of like a Got Away 22 hours. I'll play for another hour. I've been like working on my base. I've been traveling to other planets. I've been upgrading my warp drives. I've been have access now to like red stars blue stars and green star systems, like just weird stuff man and like yeah the game continues to blow my mind in ways that I like and don't see coming and it's it is honestly in my opinion one of the most underrated games like yeah, it's wild that it's not as talked about, you know, what the constant updates the constant like care for this game. The community's really dope. This game is just beautiful like like you said like we got to jump in with you and Chase the other night and we're just like kind of all doing our own separate thing, but like coming back and like helping each other out like you give me Like fucking materials. Yeah, it didn't have on my new account and then, you know just walking through the steps of the thing. It's really cool the way the game dolls. I just want to the reason I started over because I wanted to see what it was like for a new player. Right? Because I have all this baggage. I have all these random stuff that they probably don't even use anymore. Like I have all the stuff in my inventory for my regular account. I'm like, I don't know what any of this shit does. Yeah, but like the new account is a good way to like just kind of Like separate yourself from that and just learn the game over again, right at least they'll game as at his current state and I've been having like a ton of fun with that just like fixing my base getting a specialist working on the like you said the warp drive like getting a specific material getting enough getting the backpack or finer. Yeah. Cha change the game's you not to worry about anything just have it on you. Keep that thing on. You know, how many like refiners I've left behind. Oh, yeah the countless refiners. Finally remembered that I have a freighter. Yeah, like I didn't realize I had that so I called it in into like the atmosphere and that's a cool fucking thing to do always fighting with you just see it like in like literally just in space just like floating above the planet that you're in and it's just like beautiful and I went there and I had a bunch of materials that I needed for a quest. Oh nice. Yeah, when I jumped back into my old account coming to work on that one. I just clear it out pretty much everything and I started fresh. Yeah, so I had all these extra. Materials I was like fuck. Yeah, this is awesome. So I don't have to like do all the collecting and yeah because I've heard from other people that have been like I think I'm going to start over which I think is a valid no do also but I do think there is a way to start over with your current and save like because they give you mad shit they give you like a bunch of savage data and other things you can like use to them by new Blueprints and the I mean one of the more jarring things with the I think the next update or next or Beyond it for you which one it was but one of the things was like the elements change like it used to be like plutonium and all the others. Yeah, and now It's like dihydrogen crystals and sodium and Ox. I mean, I think oxygen remain the same but the carbon-carbon everything like changed. I was like what like these are all different elements and different configurations, but eventually it starts to make sense. You just have to like re memorize the order of operations. It's like, okay now this food in the game, which is wild what the fuck is this food and you can like use that to like keep yourself afloat. Literally while you like out in the wilderness and stuff. Yeah. I've been having It's such a good time with this game. It is one of those games where I like once you get into it. You're like damn. I don't ever want to fucking stop playing this. It's always on my mind like literally yesterday. I'd like tweeted you guys like yeah. I really want to just go home right now. Yeah, it's like at work. Like I cannot wait if I can go home and play. Yeah, man, I have I finally passed a hundred-and-something hours hundred and five hours. So, I'm only in like 50 hours on my real account. Yeah, but I was like, I fight a lot in space. I got into a battle the before and I got like just hit my like hundredth. Kill. Oh nice. Yeah. I got like a platinum tag or something else like oh dope dope. I used to fight him a lot too. And then I just like it's annoying. I just run away keeps going. Yeah. I think I'm also about to unlock and upgrade for my hyper from my pulse drive that lets me like ignore like because you know how they can scramble your engines or whatever like this new thing will let me just like, nope. Sorry. It's like it's like every once in a while you'll get maybe you'll maybe you'll get some cool stuff from the ship that like crashes and blows up. But I feel like nine times out of ten. It's just like annoying. It is just gets in your way. I feel like it's a prompt for you to like. I also like spend so much money on chromatic metal and like things that I don't have to worry about anymore. So I'm always like I always have enough my warp drive my launch thrusters like all the little minut shit. Like I'm I always have enough sodium all that shit. I also like I think Chase mentioned last week, I believe upgrading every time you answer a system. Yeah at the space station. And at the end when you call in the Nexus or it's called the space anomaly, right? If you have enough money always you can always upgrade your exosuit twice. So like get a space I get a cargo I would say get one cargo space and get one normal inventory space and then leave the car goes up obviously for like carbon and oxygen dihydrogen crystals like things that you're going to need a ton of that. You're never going to like escape and anytime you want to plan it and you just if It happens to be near you just pick it up throwing your cargo space and like you never have to worry about it over time because you never reach the cap where you're like, okay now I have to use this or like now I have to like, you know, that's a fact so yeah, it's just like and I'm just like slowly becoming like a master of this game. I guarantee you this is probably going to be the first game or the game that's inspired by this game is going to be the first game. That is the Ready Player One game. Yep, 100% like this is this is the thing when I do you can just feel it. Yeah, cuz It's a world. It's like you can live in no man's Sky absolutely. Can you can become a Trader? You can become a yes. I noticed the fact that you can trade with other people and like you can make your own kind of currency. Yeah, like yeah, I'm giving a void eggs today right meet me such and such. You know, like yeah, that's so cool. You just set up literally set up shop at a space station and you can buy our I want this for this and that's cool. It's like direct player two player action. The game is like letting you do whatever the fuck you want. Yeah, I mean We should definitely start. I mean we have we have like Clans and stuff and other games but I am 1000% into the idea of starting like a optional community on we're going to get snowman Sky. Yeah, chill passive. So in addition to that I've been playing two other little indie games that came out this week one is called blood Roots is actually written by Center who used to be like a writer over at one up and like yeah, like one of the oh, jeez. And yeah. So blood Roots is this sort of I think it's like isometric technically, but your it's like an action adventure game where you it very in the style of a Hotline Miami where you have to clear sections of a larger level as this sort of it looks like its colonial-era. It could it could be anywhere really good meal. I'm not entirely sure where exactly it takes place, but it could be like America or Australia, whatever but you are one of those. Dead people and you like kind of snap you lose it you get betrayed by like a former, I guess friend of yours or something and you die and then you come back to life and your whole goal is like Revenge so you and you just like you go around. It's like very much like how I met him Hotline Miami MIA MIA MIA you're going about wrong not wrong. Technically you're going from section to section and you can get hit once and you're dead. So you have to like intentionally avoid them and strike first or like, you know, Strike them in the right way because sometimes I'll have like a condition where they can't be they have to be hit twice or they have to be hitting a certain way. So and you're going around and you just like picking up whatever you can find like an axe or even like you can grab a fish and put the fish on their head. You can grab like pots put them on the head you can there's like swords and like there's like fireworks you can use like so it's very like it almost feels like if you liked very much like Hotline Miami where you're picking up guns, like whatever is around the area or bats or whatever or listening up and cracking their necks, but In this one is very cartoony, like super over the top and it kind of feels like like a Jackie Chan action sequence where you're like scrambling around like grab the ladder grab the ladder because I hit them with the ladder or you like exactly the shopping cart whatever and so it's very like phonetic and exciting a lot of different ways, but it's very like fast-paced and there are a couple moments like from the you know, hour or two that I played so far. We're like you are incentivized to just like have fun just like just have fun kill these enemies and Very forgiving in the sense that like if you let's say you get like two screens into that section of the stage and you die you there's always a checkpoint you go back to so sometimes it's it kicks you back a little far and you're like whatever but it's most it's mostly like any kind of Rogue like sort of game you are you eventually get to that you get the rhythm of it and you're like you're doing things second nature. So you're not really thinking about it so much and it's a lot of fun. I dreamed it up on Friday. I believe what's on the You Tube on the Kotaku YouTube if you want to check it out like what it what it looks like. I stood before a little bit but in addition to that one of the other games, I've played this week that I also made a video for is called Iris and the giant it's a game that's on Mac OS windows and Linux and it is a like sort of collectible card game RPG tactic Style game like it very much in the vein of like, what's the what's that one slay the Spire order. So you're like, you know you have cards you deal the cards each card is like basically an action. So it's either like defensive healing. The special ability or just a straight-up attack, whether it's mainly or like long-distance ranged attacks and you basically have to just clear levels. So you're going like up this giant structure and very much like roguelike. Once you die, you get kicked back to the very beginning of that structure aka the beginning of the game entirely and excuse me. That was June. Thank you pleasure. And then you like have to just start all over again. But with each turn that you start over for like the entire game you'll get like some buff so you'll get Get like either some abilities or some more some new cards for Your Arsenal. There's a thing called like Imaginary Friends. See they're like they kind of function as like a passive ability. Like they're behind you and the story itself the like the way the what it's rooted in and what it's like sort of embedded inside of was really cool. I wasn't expecting it to be this moving story at all. And it's about Iris the the titular character and she gets dropped off him. What's up? Yeah. Nice boat heads. Step it up. She gets. After I've had swimming lessons by her father and she has a hard time. Like she's at the on top of this diving board and the kids below her like teasing her and laughing at her and she jumped into the pool and then like the starts the Journey of this story of her literally fighting her inner demons, so that the characters were fighting against our your our her inner demons and every once in a while as you play the game, you'll encounter these little collectible items called Memories and much like they are titled their memories. You pick them up. It's a cut. Not really a cutscene. It's like an illustration with some voice acting and the text below that just describes what's happening in those sort of illustrations and their memories of her like her trauma of like dealing with depression. So it's her escaping into video games and you know, ignoring her family life and her being bullied or her teacher, you know, sort of reprimanding her for not being able to speak in front of the class and like having so it's like it's about me that's what I was saying was like, Something about a game about me. I like literally had like a panic attack on Friday. And I that's like that's like run out of the office. Sorry to hear that night. It was the worst. Thankfully. I have medication. Yeah, it works the actual medication. I'm not trying to be cheeky about it. Like I went to my doctor and I got it checked out both are valid both are valid to for sure and I'd very much partake in both, but it's a really really cool game and it was something that I wasn't expecting to sneak up on me like that and I have again I have a video on it on Kotaku and the YouTube and stuff. So check it out. Doubt if if that sounds interesting to you and like also, it's on Mac and Linux to so if you have a laptop and you want a really dope card game to play on the go. This is like a no-brainer like if you wanted something that like doesn't necessarily require internet connection or whatever check it out. I think it's super super worth our sounds really dope hot sauce. Forgot to mention that yeah. It's like this sort of really 2D but like sort of set in a 3D space and it looks like almost like Cubist paintings like yeah, like a Picasso basically and yeah, man. It's beautiful all around like I really really enjoyed it and like I could potentially even see it becoming one of my favorite games of the year. Like I want to continue playing it because I want to see like how it evolved especially how to handle some of that story because I think games for the most part we talked about a little bit about gris or grease whatever. Yeah in the Discord earlier this week and show the chase also for bring this up to but yeah, like I think that game also doesn't really handle some of those themes perfectly, you know, like right. Well, it's like those really tough to get right and sometimes things get over simplified or Or or things get like I don't know. Yeah, it's represented or whatever like, you know, we saw that with like hell-blade and she like that when people are like it's about Mitchell. Hell. Yeah, I'm going deep so it's not perfect. You know what I mean? But like I still can appreciate what it's trying to do. And yeah, man, I like it a lot. I might even actually this this my little Chromebook here runs Linux. I might actually try to install it on here because I would be like the perfect fucking game to play on my Chromebook. But yeah, man, what about you you A plane. Yeah. So the last time I was on the show a couple weeks ago. I was talking about Frost Punk that time Game Pass right now. Yeah, it's a real time strategy like city-builder kind of keep your people alive situation build out your town. Yeah, but it's set in like a post-apocalyptic world where everything is cold and you just have to kind of manage the heat manage your people make laws and stuff like that. So I'm still working on the same city that I left off with and like I said last time there's going to be a turning point where I will everything would just turn on me and just turn the shit. Yep, and I will be scrambling for the and that's the best part about these type of games where you're like fuck. All right. Now, it's crisis mode. Yes figure this shit out and sure enough the other day this happened like so that they have like the a timer on the top right corner of your of the I and basically it just counts down the days and it tells you like the temperature if there's going to be a temperature dropped temperature Spike and there was a temperature drop coming up and I had like maybe two days just to get resources enough to like deal with that. So the main resources of coal wood steel and there's another one. I forgot what it is, but heart yeah wasn't what was good with heart. Oh, no. Oh man. Did he ever help? Yeah, I mean he would like I mean he had changed people's money Loki racist because he was like, yeah, that was very it was like, what was that? Yeah, but this is a whole different and yeah, but yeah shouts heart no one knows his name. So yeah it it so I had to like gather all this stuff before this like temperature drop comes down. So like if anything if it's blown, Negative 40 if it's below negative 30 degrees your if your people walk while working where there's no heat. If you don't have any like portable generators or heat sources, they're going to freeze and get Frost frost bite and stuff like that. So I had a three people get for us by at once because I wasn't really paying attention to like their working conditions. You fucking monster monster grave Bezos a so, I had my previous playthrough I had play I had made a medical tent that can handle like minor injuries and stuff like that if people are getting like hurt or you know stuff like that. I can treat them and they'll they can get back to work. It only has like five to six slots in it. So like my beds were never getting really full but soon as like temperature drop frostbite count comes up. They were like, yo, you need to put in a new law where that the medical centers can either amputate people. Oh God and they can like They'll be fine, but morale will go down. This is called discontent. So they have discontent and hope is the two meters that you can get so discontent will go up and hope will go like up as well. So it's yeah, and then there's another one that was like don't amputate and they can be treated but they're taking up beds. So no one else will be able to be treated. And then you you're going to have to figure out a place to put these people. So they're basically just a burden to just sucking up resources at that point the second out food the second heat source. So it's like you slowly become a Libertarian, right? It makes you like make these card decisions and you don't you don't have to make laws, right? You don't have to but the laws can either help you or just like help you for the time being or like can like really screw you fuck over. So like I have a medical tent I don't have enough resources to make actual like Medical That can handle a sickness like frostbite. So I'm like, all right. Well, it's law now. We're going to start cutting people shit on is the lob. Yeah. It's a little bitch those like it's like 30% of the your occupants in the medical center will be amputated on they'll be fine, but they can't work anymore until you like go down the list and then like the more technology you get eventually you can see in the the technology tree you can get and what is it? I called Prosthetics okay for your people saying get back to work and it'll expand your you pool of people that you can pull from so yeah, all this shit is happening and I'm just like it's going downhill and I'm so I have all these amputees in this Medical Center. So now I have to like build a Care Center that I can put them in where they're not a burden anymore. They're being fed. They're being taken care of Hope goes up. But now my Workforce is shut down like it's The 10 people are in there freezing to death. So is all this shit is going down. They can't just pull themselves up by their bootstraps and get it together, but I'm like no I need health care for everybody being poor. I'm the guy like, I was like health care for everybody. Yeah, let's get it. Like let's go in and it shows you like some of the problems in a very simplified version. Of course, this is not going into detail of like who gets what kind of services let's be clear. Yeah. I'm not trying to be Bernie Sanders or anything, but I was just like I can't morally I I can't just let these people fucking die. So yeah, all the shit was happening. I'm running out of resources. This cold drop comes in and everything just turns to shit damn my have to like turn on my generator to overheat like the main source of heat. I turned it like over you can overclock it. So it'll like spread out more heat, but you're burning fuel like like that like quick and sure enough it overheated and the generator died. No one's and then like everybody died. So I started over a couple times with like foremost previous save and I was like trying to do it. But I guess it was just too had already fucked up at some point and I couldn't really pinpoint where that was, but I'm excited for my second playthrough. I started today just to like get back into it and it was just really fun. It's a really cool like Crisis management guy like that like frantic like fuck I can fix this. Yeah. I can fix this. Just give me some time, you know Lila together. Yeah, right. Right, right. So it's One of those it's kind of very no man's Sky Ash wood with a lot more problems. Like, you know, like a new mascara is no really no repercussions. Right? Pretty yeah, that's true because just you yeah, you could just you know, make sure you're alive and that's it. You know, so and when you die, it's like oh there's your stuff. Yeah. They're just go pick it up again. Just go pick it up. Exactly. Other than that that game is really good. I think everybody should at least try it if you have Game Pass it's worth it. If you're into those type of games. I think it could be a satirical. Yeah stealing gaming so good and then this kind of leads into One of our questions, but I'll just bring it up right now, but I got to play some Smash Brothers ultimate little couple days ago at work. I play with my buddy of mine all the time. Well, he's usually always playing so I'll jump in and just let him like a be his punching bag. He could try out new moves and yeah, you know like on a moving Target so we were playing the other day and we had a bunch of downtime and then a bunch of other people started coming back and one guy was like, oh I have have this which I got Smash. Oh nice, we jumped into a room and we just like Brawlin and then like sure enough that was like we have an audience and then another kid jump in he was like I got my switch. It was really cool. Like we were like having such a good time. We'd never like I don't know these people outside of work and we were just like bonding over this video game. That was like really dope. And yeah, it was just really cool by Lilith sucks hate that character. Yep, not surprised. Yeah, really good character if you know how to play but man yeah such a beast Smash Brothers continues to be a very good game. Yeah, like a few weeks ago and shouts and Natalie when she was in town. Nope. No, I mean no Shadow for Natalie. She whooped our ass and listen. We listen. We gotta be humbled every once in a while on the optional appreciate that shit coming to my hood No, but yeah, she she was like, we just booted up some some Smash and we did not get a single win. Not not not we played like well, I only got like is one stock offering. Yeah. I mean, I got a couple stalks complete trash, but you know know I'm horrible that game, but it's still a fun. Fucking game. So so it's so good to lose in that. Yeah, and that's an important and to like play around with all these characters that you know, just trying out new shit you like. I'm just gonna be dumb today though, you know chuckling around. Yeah. No duh comes a great character. Don't do that. Also, I forgot to say I played Sonic 2 with Heather earlier this week like The Originals like Sonic 2 like genesis. Yeah Mega Drive, it's on. Well, it's on the like figured they're called like Sonic Sega Classics or whatever like they were they re release them on ice. IPhone and Android and then they put them on switch. Oh, so we played it the other day. We kind of talked about the Sonic movie where I gushed about even more Sonic to still quality video game. Yeah. I haven't played that in a while. I like that one a lot just because it was like damn I can actually like join in with my brother. Yeah. Yeah back in the day. It was the first one to like introduce them like the revving up thing like really, you know, duck down and do it was really cool like bone. Area games and just like a really fucking good game still like the Sonic games are like fucking good man. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. I'm a bat sounds artificially it's time to challenge X. Yeah, nominal definitely. All right, cool jumping into the news this week. Our first story continued to be one of one of many sequences of events that have been occurring due to the coronavirus but GDC the game developers conference has been quote unquote postponed to Summer take this from Kotaku, but following the exit of several major exhibitors the organizers of the game. Press conference said Friday that the show originally scheduled to take place from March 16th to the 20th and San Francisco will be postponed until the summer due to concerns over the spread of coronavirus. They released an official statement saying after close cans consultation with our partners in the game development industry and Community around the world. We've made the difficult decision to postpone the game developers conference this March we fully intend to host a GC event later in the summer. We will be working with our partners to finalize the details and we'll share more information about our plans in the coming weeks. Like we've been hearing a lot about stuff happening at well before at packs before packs happened and people dropping out like PlayStation and stuff like that. And it's and of course we've been seeing a lot of concerns around the coronavirus as it continues to become more and more of an actual prop chemical problem yet and we talked about it a little bit last week but this week a lot more people have been dropping out of events events have been canceled and it's kind of tragic because like GDC in Her like it's not cheap to if you're a developer, especially to like buy ticket and you know, make accommodations and all that stuff. Like a lot of stuff is not refundable. You can't get your money back. I saw a couple tweets going around about like some folks raising money to help, you know, alleviate some of that burden for especially for like International developers and stuff. So, it's pretty wild man. I'm I am I am super super curious to see how this continues to evolve as time moves forward and like honestly think it's worth it though. Oh, absolutely. You know, like unfortunately is a lot of money at stake. But I think I think the contingency is worth it just because it can it'll be worse, you know, getting all those people together is you're bound to have somebody who doesn't know that they have it. Yeah, and people you can walk around with it. You don't know you could be a carrier. You can be a carrier. Yeah, so like Yeah, it's what we had. The first person died in the state's recently. Yeah, you know just last week we were like, oh, we're free. They don't like there's a couple people here, but it's fine. Yeah that shit changes so fast, man, so I would stay away from Big, you know, unfortunately going to Metropolitan City like we live in it's an unavoidable. You can only just, you know, hope hope and you know, try to keep your hands clean keep your hands out of your face. Maybe wear a mask if you can find them. But yeah, this is Nothing, you can do wash your hands, you know just stay out of people's face. And yeah, you know, you know cover your mouth when you cough and stuff like that, but it just stuff happens so fast. Yeah, it's scary super scary super super scary. But yeah wash your hands make sure you're doing it the right way to and also like I would be watching this. I've been reading a lot of cool like articles and like things about like, you know, it was like that one anecdote about the guy in Miami or whatever. He just came back from China. He was sick. So he got himself checked turns out he only had the flu, but then he was left with like a bill. He couldn't pay and it was like this country sucks. It sucks because it is going to deter people from fucking getting checked right and saving more they cost like three G's apparently to get charged fuck is gone. If you don't have good insurance. It's why would you even bro Medicare for you know, you going to put that Vicks on the your nose and keep pushing? Yeah, exactly. I mean, there's a good sweet that I was talking about last night with my friends about like I forget who the guy is but he's like a really cool like political commentator dude, and he talked about like yeah, this stuff is going to be determined by the height of the floor and at the ceiling so it's like the way we are the same, you know situation with the people who have the least access to healthcare and the least resources to do that stuff. And especially I saw also another sweet thread get retweeted by someone actually who I met last year at E3 shots of Dante. He posted a really cool Thread about like food service. Workers people who are like most impacted by this kind of shit and they're the people handling our food like and it's like I don't understand how people don't don't get that. This is a crisis. This is an emergency. Like it's not just like a luxury that only a few of us can afford it affects everybody. It's fucking wild because like this hits close to home just because like my job, they just changed their like attendance policy and stuff like that about like calling out and stuff like that and become more strict, right? So CDC put out like a guideline and like, you know tips on Like, you know stay home if you feeling sick, right, you know, like give it a time if you can't make it to a medical facility. Yeah, you know stay home don't go to work, right that goes absolutely against my polyhedron Savalas. Yeah, so I've been bringing it up at work because I'm that person and you sometimes you fucking need to be that person. Oh, yeah. No one can give me answers. Well, we'll work with you if you really need nah, that's not you're going to get people fucking sick. I work in an industry where We're literally going well, not me. But like our people going into people's homes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's not it's not going to work bro. Not gonna work. I'm handling literal product from you know overseas and stuff. So it's just this I wouldn't be surprised if someone you know, someone close to us gets it so yeah, you know just protect yourself checked yourself. Yeah, whatever you do, you know, I know money is important, you know, your job security is But like stay home. Yeah for real like do yourself and do others of favor because it's better often dying bro. Yeah, thankfully thankfully like I've been the last couple places. I've been at for work even my current job like yeah, it's definitely like a priority like look if you're not feeling good stay home because you're going to make it worse and you're going to get other people say absolutes like that's for in general do the right thing not for like this crazy pandemic totally and it sucks that there are employers out there who just do not understand. I don't give a shit and they don't give it bottom line is the most important. 100% they could give a fuck if you get some Frost Punk shit for real. It's like they could give a shit if you die, or you get amputate you get a fucking leg have yeah, whatever. It's like that never fucking child labor laws. May be. Alright next story. I think it's our last story pretty light Newsweek from what I could tell but this was something that I saw floating around Twitter that I found really strange but this is taken from Kotaku Luke wrote this but he titled GameStop's concept stores of the future are very sad. I don't know if you saw this. Again, take this from otaku. But GameStop wants to send her a video game retail universe is in serious trouble as physical sales Decline and with them trade-ins the company's bread-and-butter. They're desperate to find new ways to get people in the door and spend money a little too desperate maybe while GameStop's efforts over the last few years have been centered on flooding stores with Merchants Funko Pops, which is very fucking true some concept stores the company we some concept stores. The company is currently testing out move into the more social approaches. So they have these like areas in the back of the store apparently or like I'm going to try like outfit the entire store and I'd be like these like gaming jobs hubs. Yes. They have like a retro gaming area and a bunch of other things but like I mean talk about like ha first of all talk about horrible timing. Like I don't think this is being rolled out everywhere. I think to I think it's being tested in like specific areas, but it makes sense. It does seem like a Hail Mary last attempt to get people to like get go to like brick and mortar stores and a part of me. Wonders like this. This could be cool. Right if done correctly. Like I always think about I mean on paper the concept of like a Barcade or something Yes sounds cool. But like nine times out of ten. I'm using not in the mood to go to one of those places because it's like usually like arcade games are fun. Whenever more novel. It was cool. Yeah, right, you know I'm saying like, you know, but now it's like packed with Bros and like sticky floors and like it's loud and it's like kind of not what I want not what you want. Not what I want. I just want to I don't want to wait in line to play some pinball right right it but like I think a store that kind of gets it a little better is there's a store called Waypoint Cafe in the Lower East Side. Yeah, you've been there before. Yeah. I know we've talked about yeah, and it totally works. It's just like hey, it's like a little cafe and you can go there's like table does tables for tabletop stuff and there's like PCS in the back. There's like screens to hook up for your PlayStation and stuff or your switch. I think that's cool. I would love to see more of that kind of stuff because that would make me if there was one like two blocks from here. I would be there all the Thomas you can get yourself a rig I think those are more. Well, I remember like a story like maybe a couple years ago was talking about like a store like giving out hi like rent. You can rent out a high-end PC. Yeah streaming space so you can like get your like shit off the ground and stuff like that. That's really cool. It's very Niche but like I think now it's more, you know more reality than it is like a concept right like this. It is a good idea right but it's too Late, no one cares about I mean, there are people that fuck with GameStop. I feel like it'll always be like a staple and like the hood especially. Yeah, because everywhere everywhere right and it's like the only way you can get some shit like usually when people talk about Gabriel. Oh, yeah game starting like, you know, like in a casual way, right? I don't know but like what are they going to charge you like your whole console just to get an hour worth of fucking? Yeah. I don't know how that's going to work. Its it doesn't seem like he's gonna be rolled out like it's going to be super excited. Yeah, exactly. It doesn't seem like it's going to be an actual thing that gets you know into the world, which is probably a good thing but especially like during this time and age, but I don't know I last night like every once in a while. I like I'll go to GameStop even over here and I like just to get like a fucking controller something let him that I can't find anywhere else or I can't just like immediately download. Yeah, but yeah, it is weird that Lord. Yeah, it says here. Well the stuff would be free customers we need to I have a PowerUp Rewards membership to play. So what does that you know hard pass? Yeah, don't do it this sign up for games pass get a 200 dollar Xbox that are getting fella shell out that bread. You're good you got games for days. And also if you just want to like I don't know if you want to just play games with friends. There's just got to be different ways to do it. Maybe maybe like support local community. I'm Loki one game Saturday. I can hate I know like this many people that work there and shit. Yeah. alright cool before we jump into the second half of the show I'm asking to take a quick break but we'll be right back hey everyone if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first of all it's free second of all there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer if you're on a browser which is something that's really really useful anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify app podcasts and many other podcast catchers out there and plus you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership which for us honestly has been a lifesaver You know, we don't have a huge huge audience, but every little bit helps and it's super super super handy, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what y'all come up with. All right, cool jumping into questions for the week. If you have any questions for us, please feel free to send an email directly to us at questions at the - optional.com Astra or you can drop into our question Channel and Discord or if you're the bravest of the Brave, which we're still waiting for download the anchor app, or I guess you could do it on your browser to I'm not sure but check out our anchor profile and leave us a anchor voice message. Yeah, because there's I think there's even a link in the show notes. If there isn't I'm going to just put another link. So maybe there might be two this week either one works. This is a voice message Bo rights in if you needed to defend yourself with no training. Are you more confident using a nunchuck or a sigh? This is a very good question. So for those who don't know sigh is like the Leonardo. Is it on our roof Rafael? Yeah, like those like the three prong fucking heavy metal. Fuck. Yeah. Those things are fucking those things are scary. Remember the best friend in elementary school. And is that were martial artist and he just to have those shits shit there were heavy. He and his dad used to make them train with the adult size shits. What bro the fuck? That's wash those families a weird. Yeah. This is like Basketball family. That's like they go hard is like now you shoot down the regulation. Karate. Yeah, that's that's a fact. They were very serious about their like martial arts and shit. I feel like the sigh I feel like I could handle those a little bit better. Yeah. Same nunchucks are a little bit more unwieldy and nature just in general like FedEx. Yeah, and I feel like I would hurt myself. with nunchucks hundred percent yeah you know unless you fall on the side like you said before but I also feel like this I the Sizemore could like more controllable but I feel like you could easily trip and then like punctured your lung or something and I mean so like but I cuz I feel like in general generally speaking I would much rather have a blunt object yeah then sharp one well because size they can be blunt on top too and you just whack somebody with a heavy metal that is true and so with the fucking the but yeah how you been bud somebody will say you sorry butts and check the dope in your legal in New York now so there they are yeah they were very illegal open carry state yeah well I don't know if you can open carry but you can definitely put him one in your bag start wearing shirts that like you've got a problem on new chicks from my cool dude fing it's funny because we have a close friend who used to carry around all this is said and done just like real nunchucks and that used to be the funniest thing out of various we have yeah we got some weird friends yeah absolutely swords and Trunks and shit I could Jesse's got a question how long can people deny games are political with International politics are affecting games everyday this is a shorter condensed version of his longer question which actually I might maybe I'll read a little bit of it because it kind of did bring up a more interesting I guess a little bit of a context context and flavor it gives some bite but his larger question which led him to that one was as the world moves closer to Total globalization and things like climate change or the Corona virus or trade Wars or the national nature of game production and labor rights affects the entire planet do you think this could be an opportunity to make Gamers more politically and socially mature and stop being such a mature self-involved losers I think of this especially in light of the gaming-related coronavirus news I don't I don't have much I don't know yet is a very good question I just don't have the faith that people will do the work I want people to do the work but I think that I like using the shit that's already a problem when we were trying to get you to do this when it was less of a problem. Yeah, now's not the time. I mean, yeah, not that it's not time. There's always time to learn in like get more aware of shit. But like I don't think that I think they'll dive more into escapism and denial and well, it's not really how I don't want to deal with my problems right? Keep it out of my vehicle. I could have games to skate bro. You're dying. king and you and don't lose that fucking word please I'm just asking nicely yeah I think I think I think one thing is like I think you're right I think I think my more like cynical side yeah it's like it's too fucking late the other my more hopeful Hinata High Q side wants to believe that like there is a path forward it's one of the reasons why one of the main reasons why I do the show rise like I do think there and we've already started cultivating a really wonderful Community absolutely School Lord and we love all of you like thank you for listening first of all but also even more so thank you for like asking these kinds of questions and amazing agent and engaging yeah because like I think I think what the one of the main problems with like especially like Niche media coverage is that it tends to ignore that stuff and it doesn't want to get into it because for so long and this is like preaching to the choir y'all you all heard this by now from a million different sources and stuff but for so long games have just been like treated like sports almost right where it's like keep that shit out like well not not all sports obviously there's some really great Sports writing out there are P Deadspin yeah but like you know there's like for so long games especially has been treated as like a product-driven medium and you know this again like I said this has been talked about to death by now but I do think for the most part the main problem is that it can we continue to conflate or confuse these small groups that are the most vocal so like I always think about like my even like my YouTube views like if I get if I had if I do a video that's like lucky enough to get like let's say 10,000 views right which is a lot it's a lot of you are getting this amazing right but like I Dragon 2 grands 200k in like an hour and that'll get that 10K in like a month but like I think sometimes it's like okay look at the numbers right 10K views I'm using very loose General numbers Not votes, maybe 500 down votes and then there's like 50 comments and they're all like fuck you your bullshit or like some of them might be like actually this is a legitimate question. We tend to like focus on the negatives on the negative stuff and we go like wow, look at these communities talking about this thing. When a lot of times it's like not that big of a deal it really 50 bucks 50 ain't that bad? Yeah be negative 100 the day like someone put like, oh like Twitter's going crazy. We're always arguing about those this this man. I'm like, there's not real not real. It's not real like chatroom you absolutely it's not as loud as you think it is Big fact, you know, because like we get stuck in these drop another one right yeah so like you get stuck in these you know these Bubbles and we just can't not see it so you just like ah you're just yelling yeah and you're just angry and you feels like the world is like consumed by this one thought or like you know a thing that you don't agree with or thing that you do agree with it's like it's not real it's not real like use the world around you and then like one fucking camera down a little bot will come in and be like look you guys and then you're like no right right right and then you get like you know I'm still use the words to have his mother fuck you and I'm still blocking people oh yeah you got to but that's the thing like that's the beauty of it right you can block it and like keep pushing forward and yeah just use the fuel that's good yeah totally totally and and also just like really quickly to answer this question I do think that so I think that there there's going to be like a turn eventually because I think I hope I hope in my heart in my in my heart of hearts I hope that more people will start to understand that games aren't the end all be all like it's not just the only thing you should be concerned about like one of the one of the things we love about our show is our feeling that section absolutely where we talk about things that are not video game related even though they might be like pop culture stuff it's like hey look everybody get out of your bubble like you said go take a fucking break go to Vermont go wherever and like it somehow yeah like like read a fucking book Museum check out a movie different to do something different and realize that like you know that shit you were complaining about other shit that was like seem like such an outrageous thing to say or even like bring up really isn't that outrageous and also like understand that these companies are not your friend and like we talked about last week shot to chase a game like don't stand companies and like I said no standing Brands yeah like I'll Stand Brands don't stand wrist I just think about stuff more critically and just be more responsible with your voice and and I think the older that audience will also get like other the museum yesterday and there were like teenagers running around like you know Snapchatting and like taking Instagram pics and all that stuff and like making tick tocks where the fuck they do nowadays yeah we're and like you know at one point me and my partner and our two friends we were just like kind of like looking at them but also just being like wow look at the youth like you know like they're going to be okay and like they'll be alright be and like I'm not going to judge them for like being what they're into right now because you know ten years from now what they're going to hopefully understand the larger implications of stuff is absolutely so I also like don't want to rush to be like everything is ruined and all gamers are babies because in reality they're not and it right I think there are a lot more of us out there and I just think that we just it's a matter of reaching them because like there are people out there who like like we said like some of our friends who like you know some of them listen to the show every once in a while and we always appreciate it but there are also our friends don't necessarily need to be so tapped into the sure that they need to know about like oh my God GDC is canceled because to them it's like that it doesn't mean anything III is only just like oh didn't you Call of Duty get announced no okay what does it matter so I think it's more important about like reaching those people and the people who like might have a taste for that kind of news and that kind of cultural insight and swing voters yeah exactly we're just trying to appeal to the swing mode shout to my swingers other all right to say right yeah let's first question word and this last question comes from Eddie's Murphy Eddie Murphy's Law and Discord such a good name such a good name who asks as the last day will had previously last day of Black History Month and with Cam coming back I'm back why Smash Bros so popular among Black Folk then he added I hope this is not a sus question I'm Black and I'm genuinely surprised to see how different the smash Community is compared to other fighting games I think it boils down to access I think in fighting games in general you see a lot more black and brown folk especially like Latin X people and black people in these spaces like dominating these spaces because of access right right you can get a console you can you can play that you can go to an arcade and play Street Fighter yep you know you can get an arcade stick they're everywhere right especially that growing up back in the day like they were in the laundromats yep okay guys were cheap yep you know like my cousins and Barbados played you know exactly like Places where they couldn't get a console, but they can they couldn't get a PC but they can go to a laundromat and their and their town and get it done. You know, so I think that starts it and then like all these weird Venn diagrams cross with Smash Brothers specifically you'll big to yeah, like right it's like it's like the anime. Oh my God Mario, you know, it's very everything you got in there you so you got Pokemon all the stuff in this kids growing up. Now that that that's what they grew up on. Yeah. So like smash was like like literally when we saw smash Growing up like an N64 days. It was like is everything I like? Yeah. It was like Avengers the first absolutely so I think that's what it boils down to I think it's like smash like the access. I mean one thing like I this is bar right around the corner every Tuesday to have a smashed ornament none, but Spanish kids in there. Yeah. It's amazing right in Ridgewood. It's great. It's a beautiful time. Yeah, and it's like maybe they wanted to white dude, where are like, but it's like overwhelmingly. Yeah Latin Community, right? yeah so it's like I don't like I can't really explain it I don't know like what the why it is but I think it's I really think it is excess like that's something I've always wanted to explore in like a video series like more in-depth is the like you're 100% right I think I think it always boils down to access because even I was growing up as kids like all we needed was one person to have the game and then we would all come over maybe we'd even by controller extra controllers seriously but like all you needed was one person to have the game or one place to have the game and just gather around the other I think the other contributing factor to is that like these games especially Smash Brothers in particular like you get Street Fighter 5 Street Fighter 5 Street and arcade edition fighter sixty five or six you know whatever collector's edition there's so many different like iterations of tech and for Tekken 5 Tekken 6 but smash stays around for a while and likes and it's like very intentional like it gives enough time for like a scene to germinate and like grow up right and like there is there's a beauty to that because like it's less it's less like a you know annual series or even by annual series it's more of like there's time for you to like get to it and more importantly time for it to get to you yeah so like yeah access is 100% yeah and it's also like a party game so like everybody knows smash you know it's like the bar of Entry is pretty low so I think that also like is more welcoming yeah and the space is again like you see yourself in a space you're not going to be you to be more inclined to go towards it so I think that's that's what I can pinpoint at that's what like attracted me to like the fighting game scene in general especially here in New York it's like a huge Street Fighter heavy seen in the FTC you got all these guys like Punk phrase from the Bronx you got you know what's his name smug all these guys they got like commentators who were like it's just it's just great to see like a hundred and they're like being a 100% the New York so They're like, yeah, you know, like representing the culture. You gotta like it kids from St. Louis like that seen as heavy out there. So it's like stuff like that is like yeah, we don't yeah, you said to you like when you're seeing the commentators and they're like, you know to black commentators and their fucking charming and they're spitting out lingo that I understand. Yeah, and it becomes part of like the FTC lingo and then it becomes part of like gamer lingo. Yeah, like topping off like yes a black thing. Like that's like, you know, I'm saying like that's like no now throughout all of fgc. Like right, you know communities that's like yeah good good. Ask questions. It is really also Black History Month should be every month. So continue to write Paul and I've seen what I'm saying. Anyway just gets you feeling it feeling is where we take one thing that we absolutely love from the past week that we've stumbled across that we think is worth sharing. Yeah, so I came across some Amazon Prime's got a new show called hunters and it stars out Pacino and a bunch of other people and it's about these people it takes place in the 70s late 70s like 77 I think is the specific year starts and it falls out but she know who is a holocaust Survivor and he's phenomenal comment because he's Pacino knowing the shit out of this thing but you kind of like I've never really seen him in a roll kind of like this where he's a little bit more subdued hmm he's not doing the hula yeah he's does that it does have a little bit a little bit but in a Jewish way okay and it's very it's like very campy it's like one of those old rag tag team we're going to get the team together Smokin Aces style and kill these Nazis what guy yeah pretty much it takes place in New York in the 70s so there's a lot of like again it's very campy upfront very violent and it's a lot of like it's very self-referential so you're getting a lot of like every 70s reference you can think of like so the Star Wars references there's fucking all these pop culture shit sandwich is a little cringy at times but it's like it's fun it's fun stupid TV and a look at the fucking his name fucking the Bee Gees yeah absolutely it's all it's all of that stuff and but it like I don't know it's really violent and some of the stories they telling in this is really brutal because there are talking about the Holocaust and stuff I'm sure our reference from real That happen in these camps like Auschwitz Like You Know Name by name and stuff like that. So it's it's I think it's really good. I'm only like maybe five episodes in I'm having a good time with it. It's very like, you know, just put it on and watch you don't have to like be super intense but nice I see ads for it everywhere. I died and heard of it. Oh, I'll just like browsing. I was like, oh helped, you know, you'd like the king of this shit. You're like you browse thing. Yeah. I just I just browse that's Go the other day. I saw the like on Amazon Prime. There's a movie called vilasa Pastor. Yo, I know the director of that. Wait what that's my boy actually. Yeah. He actually right now I gotta watch a shout-out to we went to school together. We went to SVA name is Brendan steer shopping Brendan steer definitely support the velocity Pastor. It's fucking hilarious. I think it started off as a thing that like at school. I believe in and he made a shot or maybe shortly afterwards and then he went like viral. I remember at the time it was like on G4 and stuff because I remember hearing about this thing. and I was just like cracking up the other day got eyebrows I was like this is amazing and I'm a boy I had to like Star it just so I can remember yeah some point he he wrote for the for the blog yeah he did a video once for back when I was trying to be like a YouTube channel optional podcast or the optional rather yeah it was actually on a fire watch yes I really yeah so it was yeah man that dude is mad silence if he's like he's got a bunch of projects going on shoutout to Brendan go follow him on Instagram and all that I think his name is just straight up Brendan steer so er and BR ndan Ste re incredibly plug the British of the yeah but Amazon Prime's good nice use it Hunter's I think you check it out let me know what you think I think that it's not going to be for everybody like it's one of those things it but I'll if you like really campy violent shit it's cool and killing Nazis is though hell yeah I was like always I'm so into it put your faith is brutal some of the shit they do dice yeah you saw me already cool mine this week is a new show on Netflix that I've been I heard about a while ago and I was actually looking forward to it and even though it came out called a hint if I know it's kind of like gentrified so it's a story about Mexican-American family in La whoo-hoo of the father of which owns a or the grandfather really owns a like a taco shop like a restaurant and it's surrounds that family specifically his grandson his nephew I believe the daughter or the neck or the nice I'm not entirely sure how she's related but basically that small knit family in the community and how gentrification is impacting them and it goes places man it talks like in the second episode there's like a clip of trump on the news and like there's a you know there's there's talks about like identity like self identity in terms of like being a first-generation American and like how you struggle with that like you know American side of you or quote-unquote white side of you and how even you struggle within your own communities of like being rejected by your own people and like trying to be a good man when the system is sort of set up against you in so many different ways and how to hold onto parts of your culture and your past that like have propelled you and your family forward in so many different ways and like learning to adapt to change and like all around this this family and their struggles with that and it's really beautiful it's actually I think it's produced by like America for our Aras my name is okay she's in Superstar she's super dope but oh yeah I still need to watch that show that's a good show this is good though I saw the trailer for it the other day and I was like oh let me remind myself to look like watch that yeah I know some of the like the actors like they look familiar yeah I think the main guy the sun yeah whatever he looks really good yeah I can't I can't play some look super familiar to but yeah it's really cool because like it's I also really I I'm glad that there's a show that is talking about this kind of stuff is the only such a big platform you know when Netflix hasn't had the best track record of supporting those kind of marginalized voices and shows and stuff like that so this one is really cool because it also will just slip into Spanish and Spanglish back and forth so you'll have like excuse me I'm super Burpee today much like my interaction with my own family I tend to not speak Spanish so much because my Spanish is mostly Spanglish and it's decent I can get by but every once in a while I'll be like fuck how do you say this word in Spanish saying that goes to these are like a hundred my toaster yeah so there's like their characters like that and there are like you know there's a lot of so you'll see characters talking to a family member in English and then they'll respond in Spanish and that's like almost exclusively how I talk to my parents for example but yeah it's really really heartwarming show and it's like it's very like it's almost like there's another Show on Netflix that my partner really enjoyed called Kim's Convenience and it's surrounds like a Korean Korean Canadian family as they have a little like a deli like a kind of like a bodega and it's it's really cool it's kind of like that show but it's very it's more a little edgier it's like PG-13 to this cursing there's like they smoke weed is like you know they drink and do there's a one episode where like one of them does acid it's really funny but it's really it's funny it's heartwarming it's got a really wonderfully diverse sorry to use that word cast not just like you know the obvious light-skinned Latin next folks that like might do well in the poster there like other folks in there that are like you know there are some like there's an effort Latina character in there and she's like really cool and like I want to learn more about her I wish you were saying I'm hoping they kind of bring her more into the like the the main storyline season 2 maybe season to yeah but it's cool man you like a lot of faces you don't typically see in these kinds of big prize big budget Productions they need more stuff like that like just more stories yeah like the more you have the better stories you're going to get 100% make the pool bigger it's so yeah and like do y'all not want to make money and I thought yes like untapped audiences out there God yeah but yeah check it out it's on Netflix I highly recommend it sounds good cool so before you wrap up the show how can people find you online you can catch me on Twitter at Kathy can't Lucy API CA n TL o SE at week stupid shit all the time true Twitter is not real but you know you can catch me on there follow me we're about you I am poly myopia LOL IM is in Mario IO same name on everything so follow me on Twitter Instagram twitch I almost have like 90 followers on Twitch and I don't know why people are following me on switch but Shahrukh the twins shots at which I do I'm trying to do it twice a week I was going to do it Wednesdays and Sundays I forgot this morning yeah I'm playing a video game it's all I can sell you can say but I'm I do stream every Wednesday so every Wednesday around 8:00 or 8:30 I'll hop on up you know I'm mostly playing no man's sky at the moment because you know I want to find an excuse to play that game and actually last week we had someone pop in and were like oh we might want to play this game so this is a cool way for me to get to know the game and I was like selling it so yeah it's a stop him stop on by sometime Wednesday nights at 8 or 8 them through come through all right cool thank you so much for listening this week if you have any questions or comments send them over at a questions at the - optional.com we would love to hear from you yes Please be sure to subscribe on iTunes Google play Stitcher anchor and Spotify. You can take a minute to rate and review the show on iTunes. Oh my God, we have more reviews bra amazing bruh. Yo, I'm going to start like thanking you guys personally every week. I'm going to go to do that as well as our our supporters. Oh absolutely support to show you do that. Anchor that offense last the option of podcast give us again money as low as $1 a month people give us money, which is mind-blowing ridiculous. Thank you so much. We love you all. All our homepage is the optional podcast.com as we can find the show and share it with your friends. As always. We're on Twitter at the optional NYC and our shows music by the one and only leave. I passed out to leave I could find them on Twitter @ underscore Ellie VIP ack. So until next time everyone. Peace. the optional podcast hosted by Paul timeo and Camp Brewster video game commentary for the rest of us