Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely.It's really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily. So I wanted to talk a little bit about your most recent record just came out in 2019 Buddha and the blues and I've read some interviews here about this album kind of being up a full circle project for you. Can you talk a little bit about you know, what led up to you making this album what it represents for you etcetera. Yeah. The record was a I guess it was an idea that It was based on some of the songs. I started to write. They were a little bit more mellow little bit more. I don't know how to explain it maybe like more connected to some of the 70s singer-songwriter Southern California records that I grew up listening to during my teenage years. And then as I in a try to put it all together, I was talking to my drummer and he was also a producer Chad Cromwell and so we start playing around with the idea of maybe we go to California. Maybe we hire Those cats they used to be on those records. So we did and then yeah, so we will try to I would maybe not recreate but capture some of that spirit that really influenced me when I was younger and then lyrically and topically it was kind of at my I don't know it was a period of my early existential kind of midlife crisis discussions. So what happened was each topic would be like, why am I doing this? I hate my job what you know, I need to change everything right my marriage. Where is it going? What are we doing? We love each other. But and look at me well and you get the idea so all that started to like but three four years ago really kind of come on stronger and stronger. So this was the beginning of that. Face for me. I'm still in it. What's the point of all this? Well, yeah this there's light veil of depression is just like wow, everything is so pointless and gray. I love it. Well, so that record was the starting and it was the first song that made me realize what the record could or should be was Buddha and the blues not in the song I sing. You know, we get to choose Buddha or the blues basically, you know happiness or sadness. So I was playing with that topic and then most of the songs are based on that. And so that that's kind of what that Rex about and I think it came out good. It's very it's like a tender record. It has some sprouty guitar work sprouting meaning like edgy irritating gnarly without being like hard rock. Just some of the stuff I've done is hard blues-rock very heavy stuff. I've also done in different periods. This was a little bit more. I don't know. I don't know like just Americana. Okay. Yeah that makes musical. Yep. And then so yeah, that's what that is, and I'm still on those topics. It has changed though the new record. We're getting ready to release. It's an extension of that, but I've changed how I look at At it. Okay. So how is that a change in terms of what you've been going through psychologically over the past? What is it? 15 years now, I guess and your work through your sobriety etcetera. How is this album kind of a because representation of that or a byproduct of that the Buddha and the blues thing? Yeah. I think like early recovery. If we take the sobriety part of it, there's a lot of stuff that you're fearful of which is, you know, obviously relapse picking up and you know start using again, so one analogy is that there's a big fire that you're staring at and you really close to it and you're drawn to it. But you constantly backing away from it. That's the addiction part like okay where you got to learn tricks to get out of this again and get out of this so and then after awhile, six five seven, it depends on but it's a pretty typical after about half a decade or so. Most people feel like they've turned around there no longer backing away from the fire. They're actually looking away the other direction, which means there's a Whole world out there that you now have to choose from and that's where I ended up and then I got to when this record came in. I came to the point another five six years later of sobriety. So past the decade where you're looking at your life and you go well, so here you are you're sober and you fit in over here you fit in over there. You don't fit in over there. You can see those people can't hang with that scenario. This is kind of something you've excluded. So you've organized your life in a certain way and now again brings me back to being in my 50s, I think which is just a natural progression, but it's also you literally your way. Picking up more and more in sobriety every year. There's a little bit more little bit more realization of things. You have to fix with your character and your personality defects but Character defects as we call them just things that are based on your selfishness and your ego and narcissism and self-centeredness all these things in patients. I think this record they were linked to that but they were more linked to me not being afraid of being sober. Okay, that was a long story. But that's basically what it is. It's the first record where I feel like I'm not an addict in the record. I'm a human being in my midlife looking at all the stuff that I want to change with myself or my surroundings and Questions. I have as a middle-aged man. Hmm not just as an addict, right that makes sense. Yeah, it makes absolute sense. So I think that's what I was trying to go with the fire thing. I've stepped away and I've walked away from it long enough to now I think be part of more of a normal middle age Community. Everybody come on over to the middle age. Give me a yeah. What is that? So I would imagine living in New Orleans. Yeah, not exactly the easiest place to pursue your sobriety. How do you make that work? And does that? I hate to put it this way, but does that label of Being Sober does that get to you? I mean, does that affect your ability to function as a musician? Mmm starting with the New Orleans part of it? Yeah. It affects you when you're sober in New Orleans not first of all, there's a great sober Community here. There's a bunch of people in general not just musicians, but I think it does affect you. There are a lot of things Mardi Gras just passed and it's very very difficult still after over a decade of sobriety. To fit in because it's these are holidays and events that are based on getting intoxicated, you know in one form or another doesn't have to be alcohol, but something to Pottery has to happen. Yeah, right, you know, I mean, it's that's part of the deal. So, you know, you have to kind of figure out your place in that and where you can fit in, you know, should it be Should have be like something that you partake in or should you help with the sobriety part of it. Should you go more meanings? You know, I don't know. I think what I do every monograph. Is that I go to more meetings AA meetings and stuff this year. I also started for the fourth time. I 12-step, you know process with my sponsor, but I think as a musician in general Being Sober in New Orleans as a musician. I have to think about that. Yeah, the label can get to you sometimes but I think the label also just helps other people in need. They know right who you are and in my case, I'm very open about it and that's been helpful for me to be open about it. It helps sort of signaling that I'm not interested in partaking I guess right. Yep. Um, and you do you feel like you've had a lot of support amongst, you know colleagues and And he's in the music Community. Oh, yeah it tremendous. I mean I couldn't have done it without even people that are not in recovery people that I call, you know normies people that drink like normal people They support it. You know, they may not always understand it which it's you know, why should I expect them to understand an obsession is something very strange, you know, but yeah, very supportive everybody. Well you don't have to To understand something to be supportive of it. That's very important. Yeah asking a little too much in some case. It is so part of what I like to talk about in here to since we are at a university. You know, I think college-age is a appointment a lot of people start to experiment drugs alcohol Etc. And I think the deterrent for a lot of young people to maybe Change their direction or you know become sober if that's something that they feel they need to do is this sense that you have to leave the industry to make it happen. How do you feel about that? Subject matter? Do you think that's true? Do you think it's a you know legitimate concern that people should have that you have to not be in the music industry to be sober right? Well, I was told that that should be one of my possibilities coming out of here. Rehab so I know it's presented to people. I know it's something that a lot of people consider. I think it should be an option. I think there are a lot of traps in the music industry. I think there's a competitiveness that is healthy. But there's one that's not healthy because it's not a sport. It's not a performance of athletic ability, right? It's a artistic. Nation it's an artistic aspiration, which is To somehow try to shine as your truest self and if that's being judged and is in the entire art form devastated right there and if you're judging someone's true manifestation of who they are. That's bizarre to me. Yeah, and I think I think it's a little side note, but I think Dad's were drugs and alcohol come in if you need drugs and alcohol to relax enough to express yourself, and that's where you need to work. Yeah to work on that. Why is that? Why can't you be yourself without drugs and alcohol? And I think that's what I want people to strive for in my sort of I wouldn't call it a quest but I have my little my little flag. I'm holding over here, which is you know, it's it's lovely to experiment with drugs and alcohol I've done and I wouldn't stop anybody from doing it. But the addiction issue is it's real and it's not what people think it is. If they have an experience that it is devastating. It ruins people's lives completely. I lived in the Park 12 years ago. I was bankrupt in foreclosure and can't see my family. I was completely wiped out by my addiction. That's the reality. That's not something cool. It's not right. It's not a medal of honor. It wiped me out. I lost who I was completely in those things and there was nothing creative about it. So should you choose another profession? Yes, I think if it fits you better to make it a hobby, then you should do that and you should get another job. I think that should be on the table. You don't have to do this if it's that stressful. Yeah, and sometimes it is for me. It's very very stressful and I don't like to fly anymore after 30 35 years of touring but I'm still compelled to do it. There's something in there that yeah, I want to connect with people. I want to connect with the planet my community. I want them to feel that I'm here and I want to feel them being here right together. Either that's what I'm doing. I'm playing creating music. So I think you need to self-reflect and self-examine a lot if you're trying to get sober and you're looking at the music industry. If you choose to continue in your sobriety, then you you got to find a really serious group of people that support you in that and hang with them call them text them go to meetings go to your church go to whatever group that makes you feel safe in sobriety and then everybody will teach each other in that Community. That's the community. I have how to stay creative Sober Sober. Yeah. Well and you bring up something that's always bothered me and that's that. Misconception that you have to be into something it whether it's drugs or alcohol or sex could be anything in order to be a creative. How could you possibly be creative without being into something and that is always bothered me. Yeah, you know and it's like how many great musicians do we have to watch diabetes 27 before we figure out that that's not exactly the case now working. Yeah. I think I love that that you bring. Ring that up because someone asked me that few weeks ago in New York at a workshop and I said I didn't use to be creative. I used to be less creative my creativity and my brain won't stop. It just won't stop running and running. I can't sleep. I having Society I get depressions all kinds of mental issues come from the fact that I can turn it down II don't have an ability. Naturally that I can remember to say. Yeah, stop you don't have to right now paint now redecorate now figure this out. Now. You don't have to read now. You don't have to learn now. You don't have to stay creative. So I use drugs and alcohol to tone it down not to be creative. It was the opposite and I think that was a big lesson for me once I tapped into how actually creative I Am Naturally now I meditate and exercise and I do other practices in order to tone that part down not to be more creative right now if you need to be more creative and that's your issue then work on those natural organic ways to do that. There are plenty and exercises a big one right walking on the beach is when I used to write almost all my records hiking in the mountains is another one so reason why people went out into nature to paint Yeah, because it makes your name, you know, they didn't get you know seriously high on cocaine and then go I gotta go paint some trees. I don't think so. I said I think they talked about painting some trees but it is actually paying them if you know what I mean. Yeah, I do. Yeah. Well, I'm glad you bring that up to about being too creative because I struggle with the same problem. I always have yeah why I went on anxiety and depression medication That just could not shut up my brain. Yeah, and my brain functions most acutely at night, of course, you know laid on the bed fact the other night laying down to go to sleep and I was thinking of all the questions I wanted to ask you in this interview hour and a half acres with Tammy it down and call it a day, which is another thing. I've learned that I think that might have been a podcast but nobody said you allow might have been a therapist. I went to you give yourself like for worry or for thinking if you overthink or stuff like that anxiety you put a time in the timer and go I'm going to give myself 20 minutes to worry as hard as I can. We're an hour whatever it is and then you got to stop after that right and by giving yourself the full monty to go. Okay all sails up we're going for it. That's worry. Yeah, you kind of get I tried and I when I guess after about 15 2009, I don't like this is terribly boring and you actually stop. Yeah, it's a very interesting concept to time your own worry, but your brain is so clever. It's like it just gives you enough. It's like a drip of morphine. Hey, so you gotta you gotta cut that off. Yeah, but yeah, no, it's that's what it was for. Me, too. It's I use substances to stop that. Flow of constant pushing for this creative that thinking about this and when you're created that also means you rearranging conversations where you fail to say or bring your point across that's also being creative. But we see that as just, you know Brewing on something. No, it's creativity your brain operates in a creative mode very often it recreates when I see him or her next time. I'm going to tell him Her and I'm going to I'm going to fix it like that. That's creativity. That's you. If you focus it on something that you want to accomplish take the same energy and put it into writing drawing exercising coming up with new podcast idea anything and write this all down business ideas how to make money right how to be a better person Retreats. There's so many ways to be creative. Yeah true. So, yeah, so This is a question that's been coming up a lot. One of my kind of side gigs is that I am a sales rep for CBD oil company and there's this constant kind of dialogue there of you know, why use medications because medications can poison you and you can use natural stuff and it's this thing that really bothers me because yes, there's a natural remedies to things but are we really in the position to go around telling people that they should go off their Lexapro because this is going to you know, ruin their body as a we know full. Well, it's not so what is that line between you know, taking medication for anxiety and depression and you know bipolar disease and taking drugs. Where is that line? Yeah, that is a difficult my experience started out with Lexapro and a couple other antidepressants and it buckled my knees. Like I I would have these acute attacks of weeping and not panic but really brought me down. So they realized that I was bipolar so then they prescribed some different stuff and then I got on you know, lithium and Seroquel and even a Tegretol like a brain relaxer for rain seizures that I used to have and and I must say that it was very very helpful in the beginning. But it also it really ruined me. It's erect my body in so many ways and I tried CBD oil and I started to have the same panic attacks. I used to have on marijuana in the end. So I realized even the oil with the slightest bit. It doesn't work for me either so my answer is That line is your own line. I don't think there's a general line that you draw. I think you could you have to figure out what works for you. And if Seroquel works for you for a minute, then that's what you should use. Even though it is a very heavy drug and it's overly used if Lexapro works. If you have depression and you need something to bring your base line up of well-being and dopamine production and so forth then you should use It but you should always pay attention to your body has been my 11 12 years of sobriety is I pay attention and when something feels like I don't know what's going on here then adjust right pay attention to it. Don't just go along with it because your doctor tells you to listen to your inner voice and to your body it speaks every day that that's where I find the line. I listen to yeah my own body and my own mind. And then thirdly my soul my spirit I call it that that quiet quiet Whisper of my soul that I have to really slow everything down and meditate in order to hear what that has to say. And I guess that's you know, my dialogue with the universal God, but that's what I listen to and if anybody tells me where the line is. My nature is to kick back a little bit ago. Hello the lines over here man. I moved it myself. I picked it up. And I move the line. I think that's an important aspect of I guess opening yourself up to medication though because for me it was like a real hard fight. No, I can do it myself and it just got to a point where no physically I was a mess. It was more about taking care of the Physical symptoms through things like Lexapro and I got tried a couple of other things that didn't work. Yeah, but the point being there were a couple of other things that didn't work before I got to the right one, you know, and I know is this yeah and a lot of people just quit right off the bat psycho. It's not working. Yeah. Well, I mean you don't like go to the gym once and lose 50 pounds, you know, I did now I didn't need for 90 days. But celery yeah that I know I think you have to I think you have to look at everything that's available. And then like I said, you know, like I said you find your where the line is. I had a lot of people in a a saying man. It means you're not clean and sober I'm like do they prescribe that at the rehab? I don't know. That's what they gave me dude, but I think if you just gotta pay attention man, and if you're not a person naturally that Pays attention then you have to learn. Yeah out of pay attention if you like. I don't know. I don't care. I trust. Well, that's fine. But maybe you shouldn't maybe you should pay a little that's part of whatever mental health issue recovery, you're going through or addiction recovery you're going to do it is to start trusting yourself work on your trauma no matter how small and insignificant it may seem, you know their everything now from Being dropped off at daycare to surgery all those things have now been proven. These are traumatic incidents in every, you know, human beings lives and you have to just start to put all these pieces together figure out. What's my default setting. How do I behave habitually and what can I start changing and I think sometimes medications important Get You On Track. Yeah, and not that it's for everybody. Not that everybody needs to go now. Knocking on a psychiatrist door, but you should yeah. It's so much fun by psychiatrist thinks everybody should buy his new house with a nice extra large blue ones. But yeah, I mean the stigma around it's just silly. It's like, you know, if there's something out there that's safe that can keep you functional and going to a job every day and staying in touch with your family as much as you may or may not want to do that. Why not? Yeah, you know. Yeah, I mean, it's mental health is you know, that's the next Plateau for us. We need we need to get up there and start talking about it. Yeah, very openly. Yeah, I really think so. I don't think you know, I was studying something for my own physical pains that I've been having and there's a method that's based on TMS. It's a Johnny. Sorry. Nose healing back pain is a book that he had and it's just changed my life and I got into Peter Levine's the body keeps score waking the tiger all these different books there about how we storing are, you know, repressed emotions and physical ailments and one of the things they were saying is why there's so much stigma and a good example of that would be if you're calling in to work and you go I am so sorry. My back just went I can't come in and I got it. Oh, no worries, man. Just take care of your back. I'll see you in a few days. Very different from I'm just really sorry. I can't come in today because I'm afraid that wouldn't work. Right but probably underneath somewhere. There is I am rageful. I'm afraid I'm whatever it is is the emotions that are triggered a lot of these things. Well, if we start talking about it openly it could possibly Possibly the next decade or so change the dynamic of what is acceptable. Yeah, and then instead of being afraid staying home for six days. You can say that you are and then I'll you should see so and so they deal with blah blah blah blah blah and then you know, so I'm really glad you brought that up because I think that's that's something that I've learned from relatively recently. I do have a bad back my back sometimes I wake up and I can't walk. It's like hey, sorry don't know what to tell you. Yeah, but Part of you know having physical pain, which is something I deal with chronically is that you start to get the depression and you start to get the anxiety of wondering. When is it going to happen next? Yeah, how long am I going to be able to work? How am I going to pay for it when I'm out of work, you know, and it was last year. I was going through a pretty rough time physically and it was manifesting itself in all sorts of ways, but I teach piano privately and I was canceling a lot of lessons. I'm like real hardcore. I'm there every week, you know never cancel and I finally just sent everybody knee mail and said look, this is what's going on. I'm sorry that I haven't been as reliable as usual. Yeah doing my best to just want you guys to understand that it's not that I'm not taking it. Seriously. It's that there's some stuff actually going on. Yeah, and it was so nice how much support there was? Yeah, and that fear of coming out and talking about is like, oh God am I gonna lose students? Am I gonna lose work? None of that happened? Yeah, it's you know, it can surprise you how much we care about each other right? Once you open the door, I've been blown away so many times. I've been brought to Tears by friends and fans and and just general strangers. It will say the right thing caring lie to me where I just got cannot believe how much love and care that can be in the world. Yeah, if you just open up a little bit right and you know part of not open. Two is making an assumption on somebody else's behalf that they want understand. Yeah, and that's also not fair. Maybe they won't you know, but how are you gonna know unless yeah, you know you talk about it take a chance. Yeah chance. Yeah, there are a lot of great books. Like I mentioned Johnny Sarno is huge on this physical pain and TMS as it's called and the body keeps score by Peter Levine is just a groundbreaking book. I think I think it's just remarkable. I'll give you all the I'll text it to you. You okay? Yeah, that'd be great. And I have gone through you know dozens of these books the last two years and has changed my life. It's changed everything. That's right. Yeah, it's pretty pretty remarkable. Yeah, it is amazing what you can find in books to because sometimes I mean, you know, you're like in the self-help aisle and my this person now but you know is we are just reading somebody else is like, oh God. I'm not the only one. What did you do? What did you do? Oh, no, no solution next book. Uh-huh. So speaking of you know that community of assistance and help you put together an organization called send me a friend. Can you talk a little bit about what that organizations about what you guys do? Yeah. It's in my early recovery. I was you know forced to hit the road right away. I had no money and And the only way I could save my house. So let me let me back up. I asked my wife for permission before we broke up completely and I said I don't expect you to want anything or to want to get back together to save the house whatever I know were in foreclosure, but if I can make enough money to pay one payment, we can save the house then we can sell that and it'll make us more money and you'll get a better settlement if we divorce. And other stuff is very intense, very personal stuff, but I'm sharing it to make you understand why I was on the road, right? And I also don't have a high school diploma. I have no college degree. I got music. That's all I have. So what I decided to do was Let me let me back up. Basically what happened was in the AA meetings a couple of guys said you want us to come sit with you and keep you company while you work. I was playing in town and I didn't quite understand what that would do, but I like sure so they came out and when I saw these guys sitting left of the stage, I just felt accountable and I felt. Comforted in some way by the fact that these guys they're just here for me. Yeah. Did you sitting here making sure I'm okay while I work so I can make money and pay my bills, right and that has stayed with me for a couple of years and eventually the idea came up there. What if we start a whole network of friends or people that have sobriety that get vetted and then they can come out and support musicians and music industry people that are in early recovery if they need to go back to work. So that's what I did. I reached out to Bill Taylor help me start the foundation and now we have thousands and thousands of people signed up and we help people every week. Where we send people out to the area where you work and they can get a what we call a friend to come sit with you while you work. That's great. Yeah, so that's what it start and then that's led into workshops and life shops as we call it which is ideas on how to stay creative and happy in your early recovery and not just go to meetings and be depressed and feel like you don't belong but right meet other people that do joyous stuff, you know, right so it's on your website that you You have regular meetings. You still doing that? Yeah every Thursday today actually. Well, this is recorded. So every Thursday between four and five at imagine recovery, which is up on Nashville and magazine. There's a outpatient recovery center. Right? Well, we have our office in the back. And yeah, we have meetings musician. It's music cares. Basically the Grammy organization is helping. Please put this together. So it's every Thursday between four and five for musicians to come and have AA meetings. Okay? Yeah, and if somebody were wanting to get involved in that how would they get in touch with you? You can go to send me a friend it can either call us or email us and reach out for me. info we'll get it up. We'll get it out. Thanks that platform. I was thinking is really interesting platform. And I wonder if it would work for something like psychological and you know emotional problems of hey, let's all sit together and well wonder if you could yeah, so if you have a send me a friend for people that are are They just suffered from depression and the try and go back to work. That's very interesting. Now the thing about the music industry why it's been I think effective is because people like the you know music so people that are fans come and help out true. Yeah. So the vetting process has been such that we got to be careful so you don't get Uber fans and crazy people but you know, we're trying to vet at the best we can and if something happens you can report it and you know, you can just tell him that Right away that you know, it is human interaction. So you never know. But yeah, we're trying to make it as safe as we possibly can. But if it was a mental thing the question is would it be in the music industry the same thing for mental issues? That's very interesting. I've never even thought of that. I can't believe I haven't we have dealt with depression and and because of out all the suicides lately. We've done a lot of work for that the past six months but We are in need of more help and information and knowledge were always striving to learn more. We're just two guys that started a foundation but we have a good in a group of board members and we're trying to stay informed so great. I like that. Well free idea if you want it. Yes, India. Thank you. Well, I think this is going about wrap it up. All right, I'm ready to wrap it up. Yeah. All right, so I'll do my closing should be able here. I want to thank you first of all for being here and second of all for just being so open about you know, things that are difficult to talk about for a lot of people. It's important that everybody knows that you're not alone. Yeah, so thank you for that Emily. And this is our seventh episode now of Welcome to My nerd brain a dialogue on musician's health and wellness. You can check us out on Instagram at welcome to minor. Brain, you can also get in touch with me personally via email EC Frandsen at mac.com. That's ecfr a NECN at mac.com. I have a Twitter account. I kind of hate it. I don't really use it. But if you want to tweet me, it's called Welcome nerd. We also have a Facebook group that I'm really trying to push. It's called the nerd brainiacs the private group, but you can just request to join and that group is where you get exclusive content. So so anything that Anders and I have talked about today, for example, the books that you recommended the website for send me a friend we can post all of ya put all that in there does a lot of information from past episodes. I have people, you know past guests put together playlist and stuff. So it's like a cool little group to be a part of again that's called the nerd brainiacs on Facebook. Also just launched my first little mini merchandize. It's a nerd brains 2020. Magnet and it's amazing. I need it. I'm gonna give you one obviously, but it's available on my website, which is welcome to minor brain.com and it is going to be a fundraiser all profits from the sale of the magnet benefit wires, which is an organization in Australia that helps rescue and rehabilitate animals after the wildfires that they had in Australia. So check that out on my website and Of course be sure to check out Anders Osborne's fantastic interview that he recently did with Rolling Stone magazine and you can catch him online at www.incharge.org born.com and Instagram is at Anders Osborne, right? Correct. Cool. I think I got it all thank you. Absolutely. Thank you. So as always thanks for listening. We will resume the regular schedule from here on out. Usually I do Monday is every two weeks but this episode episode Seven will are let's see in a Wednesday and then episode 8 will resume on Monday, March 16th. Have a great one Ma.