All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probablyTo be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me. Right there, of course, that's all false. I didn't predict any of it, right? You wrote all those blog posts that no one would publish for you because it was so outrageous that Lamar would be MVP like this. All right at standing well Michael, I think we'll talk today about Lamar and the Run game and obviously there's going to be some overlap here how it affects the pass game is obviously very important. But Lamar's very special in terms of what he brings to the Run game how he changes the way defenses have to react to him to defend the field as a whole and just a wealth of stuff here. You sent me a ton of notes. We have more than that as well to add and I think we'll start off but why don't we why don't we just make this an alternating Point thing? And by the way Josh anytime you think there's a question from the mailbag that you think is a particularly appropriate or maybe one you'd like to start with we can jump in with that. Alright, sounds good. I'll be monitoring the mailbag as we go. All right. Well, why don't you the guest Michael? How about we let you start with the the point you'd like to make about Lamar Jackson and the running game and something you think is particularly cogent or important to start with. Okay, I guess I'll I mean there's there's so much to unpacked with with Lamar and his effect on the Run game. I mean, obviously they really tailored a lot of what they do in the running game around his specific skill set. But I guess I'll start with this and a lot of people Or this because of what he is as a runner in himself, you know, we can we can certainly talk as we go on about how he impacts other parts of the Run game, but just what he is as a threat as a runner himself his self forces defense has to play 11 on 11 right truly 11 on 11. I oftentimes when you have more of a traditional pocket Pass OR at QB, you know, when you're calling a run play that guy is really not accounted for by the defense right sometimes in those zones schemes and we saw it here a little bit back into Kubiak days with Flacco where they're kind of running that that wide zone or outside Zone and you see the quarterback hand the ball off to the running back and then kind of complete that boot fake action out the opposite way that's designed to hold a backside Defender, right just to honor the potential that the QB might actually keep the ball in boot out the backside and that happened from time to time. But Lamar is on a whole nother level right in Terms of what you have to do from from a defense perspective in terms of accounting accounting for him in the Run game. You literally have to designate a person sometimes multiple Defenders to him particularly in their options schemes just for him right let alone the running back or if there is a receiver whose maybe run in jet motion or something like that. You have to add extra Defenders just to account for him and as we saw so much last Season that Defender by and large is typically going to be a linebacker or maybe even a defensive end and those guys athletically are a mismatch. Right? I think we saw as the season went on team started to maybe incorporate safeties and you know some some some defensive back body types to add into that that defensive scheme, but early on it was either a defensive end or a linebacker scraping over the top of the defensive end who would crash down on the on the dive to the running back and those guys were just an athletic mismatch. You know once Lamar got on the edge or one-on-one with those guys. He's either beating around the corner. He's cutting back inside. He's you know inside spend moved like in the second Bangles game, you know that it's just a huge mismatch with him with with those body types. I agree completely in terms of, you know, certainly it's an additional Runner that needs to be accounted for in the field. But let's take a step back here Michael pecan and describe kind of how the read option works and I love you too integer interject because you have a Bendis background in exactly played design as I would call it from your scouting Academy work and I'm going to I'm going to try and Define it in terms that are use a specific side for the runner. So we're going to assume a right side read option meaning the back from the pistol is moving past Lamar's right side. So when that happens the running back comes to the mesh Point Lamar puts the ball into the mesh point with both hands mean A cage of upper and lower arm if you want to think of that that the running back holds out and the edge defender on that side typically is unblocked by the right tackle in this particular case now. Why is that important? Well for multiple reasons, first of all, that right tackle is free to help inside on a double team in particular. That would be Orlando Brown trying to help T up a defensive tackle for Marshall Yonder he can also then then move up to level 2 after he's accomplished that and hit a scraping linebacker who might be moving to contain the play to the outside flowing towards the plague any be very effective at that. And then also there's usually two and sometimes only one additional player in the backfield who moves into level to to make a block and they're usually a mismatch size Advantage whether it's Ricard and Hurst, which was a common combination to move into level 2 and make block. Along with a tight end potentially on that side and Patel who would be at an inline tight end and wide receiver on that side and the Ravens of course have some larger blocking wide receivers. So the effect of it was have an unblocked Edge Defender who it's Lamar's job to be and then you have a bunch of very advantaged blocking situations that are created beyond the ability to drop off the what is typically the best run. Ender on that side of the field. Yeah, it's it really gives you just you know, a number of different advantages and you you kind of laid them out. I mean number one like you the last point you just made your taking probably one of the best defenders at least in terms of down lineman Edge rusher type body and you're freezing him, right? You're forcing him to have to read what's happening on a play typically defensive coaches. You've guys probably have all heard it. For if you're thinking your stinkin, right, you don't want players on defense hesitating and trying to process you want them to attack right getting up field and attacking well oftentimes that guy couldn't do that because he had to figure out what was going to happen right was Lamar going to give that ball to the running back and the running back was going to run that dive track kind of, you know, right right off the center's hip or outside foot on an inside run or Islam are going to pull that ball out and look to get around the edge on that guy. Guy and so you see different you see defense is play that differently with that player. Sometimes they don't have them use what they call a surf technique where it literally looks like you're on a surfboard right and he's kind of like trying to to hedge between the running back getting the ball inside and Lamar taking the ball outside. But then again, you're freezing that player right? He's stopping his feet and he's got a restart and trying to stop and restart against the guy with Lamar's athleticism is a losing proposition, right? And so then you see teams try to be more proactive. I say okay. Well, we're just going to have the DN crash on the running back. No matter what Lamar actually does with the ball. We're just going to have him his assignment will be just take that running back. No matter what and then we'll have a linebacker try to scrape over the top but to the point that you mentioned earlier about the blocking scheme in your example will know you got Orlando Brown working up to level 2 trying to account for that scraping linebacker. Right? And so now that linebacker has to find a way to get around Orlando Brown he get to get around Orlando Brown. He wants to go Go outside or he wants to go inside and depending on which way he goes the ball carrier which you know, we're talking about Lamar keeping the ball and getting outside. He's got to make that blocker right? He's going to make Orlando brow. Right? Right. So the linebacker goes inside Lamar is going to kind of set that up and then bounce outside if he tries to go outside and Mark and cut back under that so, you know you get that Advantage at that level and then you also talked about the additional blockers right you they go by different names. You can call them sniffers or are Blockers or whatever but they basically are accounting for that next level of run support typically a safety who's coming down. And so now you've got a DN who is I'm using air quotes can't see my fingers blocked by the read that Lamar is making you have a linebacker who could potentially, you know, depending on if the tackle can execute the block be blocked by that tackle and you have the next level run support. Port player who can be blocked by this fullback or tight in HVAC person, right? So your accounting for all the different pieces in in the Run fit and it runs support that the defense is trying to deploy to stop this play, but you have a body for everybody at well except for the DN. You don't need a body you using the green blockage to account for so it really is just also a really well design scheme, you know, sometimes people think of the option is like high school or gimmicky or whatever. It's really Core football really when you think about it's assignment football. Everybody has an assignment on offense and defense and if you don't execute it, you know exactly the way that you need to execute it. Every time you see it. That's what I love about. The option is that it forces the defense has to lock in for an entire game right? Because you don't know when it's coming and if one guy doesn't execute his assignment, you've got the potential for big play. So it just really puts pressure on defense just in that way. We're We're just talking about the option as a general concept, right they run a variety of different options. I want to bog us down with lingo but you've got the traditional triple option. You've got speed option. You've got Veer you've got midline. I mean they ran all of this stuff. I'm not just throwing out names that I've heard. This is literally all stuff that they ran during the season because I charted the Run game. So that's that's everyone play. They called this year and they run all of that stuff and that's just the option concept. That's not even talking about any of their gaps games. Our counter is own like inside or outside. I mean, it's just a really diverse Run game. Yeah, it's a it's really special. I think of it in examples. Maybe it would be the game of war. If you're if you've ever played this very simple card game, of course, but you've got to have your cart your best cards have to be engaged. They can't end up being part of the three card pile you make before you have a war that allows aces in the higher courts to get transferred. So effectively the unengaged largest Defender is sitting there in a in a in limbo in a place where he can't really help on. Play and ends up then you have you know King to Jack and queen 210 kind of relationships with a lot of other bloggers that are along the line of scrimmage to have advantages in terms of size certainly and the Ravens, of course with players like Boykin and Sneed is really built like a safety, you know have some good blocking advantages on the outside anyway with their receivers on Corners as well. So yeah, you're right. All this stuff about Lamar has the ability to manipulate that guy into position is right. I think the other Important thing to look about Lamar look out with Lamar in terms of the reads are that Lamar's greatest asset is his ability to read it's at a level. That is I have never seen in any other NFL skill position player. It may be present in Corners. I don't know that I would know how to judge it as well. So maybe if you look back to Darrelle Revis or Deion Sanders or Corners like that. They may have had the ability to read leverage in a wide receiver. That would have been similar. I think if you look to virtuoso Oh basketball performers at the NFL I start at the NBA level where the way that defense is work. They have to play one-on-one defense. They're forced to I think you get some some some leverage readers at that level who are similar, but there's nobody in the NFL at a skill position player. That's like Lamar and effectively that means he can get away with not being quite as fast as the other players on the field now, he's plenty fast. Don't get me wrong, but he's not quite as fast as the fastest players on the field. Yeah, I would agree with that. I don't think we're looking at a guy in terms of linear straight line speed I'd say RG if you were to have them just in a straight foot race. RG3 is probably faster in a straight line. But Lamar is agility and ability to stop and start is at a different level from Archie threes. And and that that ability to read is really important too and when you think about it, they don't think about it in this context when he was at Louisville and obviously here, uh, he racked up a ton of Yards at Louisville, but when you study those games and he would listen to his coaches a lot of those runs where he kept the ball where designed runs they were designed keeps he wasn't reading as much as he read in Greg Romans often. So think about having to learn that last year, you know it back in OTAs and training camp and then being inserted for, you know, a couple plays a game but then having to pick it up and do it as a full-time starter midseason and then this offseason in this year just how much more he was executing those reads for a guy who it's not like he's been running this offense since college or even high school. I mean some guys who come in and run option and continue to run the Zone read game and in college have been running it a ton in high school too, but just looking back through his history. It was more about him. Jizz a design keep to run the ball there was never read in it. So he's really had to learn this and become, you know, really really good at it at the end. Fail level that's really a testament to his aptitude to take a skill like that and get better at it at the highest level. Yeah. So let's add obviously that's a big part of the Mars 2018 season is getting better in a lot of ways, but let's take a unpack that a little bit further because Greg Cosell is watched a lot of tape from Lamar and he seems to think that most of his runs are designed runs to start with and he doesn't mean a option run but a designed quarterback run. And if you look at what Lamar is doing to that Defender, typically it's almost as if he's got a remote and he's able to just slow down that video exactly to the speed. He wants and go frame by frame until the edge. Defender is on the wrong foot and he knows he's got to beat leverage wise and if that happens at any time during that extended mesh point we need to talk about that a little bit then he's gotta and he knows he can get outside that Defender and they're like the defense. Isn't other challenges they can flit. Somebody else's lot. You know, they can do various things to to mess it up. But you know just beating that edge Defender it Cosell may be right that the plan is always to do that or it may just be it's the first plan and this end this second option is to just hand the ball off the off to a running back take time with the mesh Point allow those double teams to fulfill themselves to come to fruition and create a cradle way. And that's another thing that really is so active that makes it so effective and look great. Cosell knows more about watching film than I'll ever know. So I'm certainly not questioning what he sees but it's that uncertainty right the fact that you don't really know unless you're in that room and hearing, you know, the way that they were coached on these individual plays even other NFL players like veteran players. Remember that Rams game right Eric Weddle after the game like well, we didn't know where the ball was at times could see it we didn't know what was going on. So even though Church in NFL players who've seen a ton of football and a ton of scheme, even they are a little uncertain about the wait a minute. Is this by Design? Is there is there an actual read on this play or is it just made to look like a read on this play That's Another one of the beauties of it is that you don't really know and again, it just adds to that hesitation on the part of the defense you're trying to figure something out instead of just reacting and playing. Yeah hesitation is really very key to it. I think I think that could be understated and you know, we watch act as Le'Veon Bell has been an opponent for a number of years for the Ravens. We noticed that really patient running style behind a very good blocking offensive line. He was always, you know willing to take his time to let the play develop wait for the offensive line to create something for him and then hit that hole quickly and get to level 2 and Beyond and that that was always something that that was a thorn in the Ravens side. Well now look at this from from the other team's perspective when they're playing the Ravens. A guy on the edge whose feet are planted in the ground because Lamar's ball. It hands are still on that ball with with two hands and pray. There's some redundancy in that statement, but he's got still two hands on the ball on the football in the mesh point during that time. There's that he can he can take a chance on one of the other but effectively things are happening at the line of scrimmage at their normal Pace things are happening during the mesh point at a slower Pace than normal from as opposed to a regular hand off in an NFL game. Umm, yeah. Absolutely. And you you hit on this a little bit earlier the if sort of you know domino effect that that has on the offensive line and even the running back. So while that player and oftentimes other players right who aren't even the read player but instead of having the discipline to read their key, you know, like if you're a defensive tackle, maybe you're looking at the center or the guard right instead of it. That's your key. But instead of having the discipline to do that. You can't help but have your eyes in the back. You'll looking at Lamar trying to figure out what's going to happen with the ball. And so while you're doing that and offensive lineman is gaining position on you write all it takes is for you to take your eyes off of whatever your key is that really will give you an indicator of what the play is, you know, I mean, they coaches game plan this and players study this you know all week long looking for keys reliable keys that will give them some indicator about what kind of play is coming how they're going to be blocked and where they need to go, but if you take even You know put whatever time element you want a fraction of an instant to not look at that key. You get your eyes off that key and you get your eye in the backfield trying to figure out what's going on all well now guys gain position on you, right if you're running back and there's a linebacker doing that at level 2. Now. He's out of position and now you're by him or if you're not completely by him. He's only able to stick an arm out, right and we've seen marketing room and Gus every run through a bunch of arm tackles. So, you know, it just has this cascading effect on the rest of the the Run game justjust that Element of it and when you do what you mentioned earlier kind of to the Graco sale point where you marry all of these run concepts with a reed element, who knows if it is it actual read or not, but when you make it look like it's a read on so many plays you just get that consistent hesitation from Defenders. Yeah. It's it's really a thing of beauty and and go back to your point about RG3 RG3 actually. Was on the poet at the podium and Lamar was right there. So he knew he was saying it because they had all the Ravens quarterbacks lined up along with the quarterback coach. I believe that they James Urban came to the microphone but love the RG3 said, you know, no doubt about it. I can beat him in straight line speed. I can be if we run a 40-yard dash, I'd beat him ten times out of ten kind of thing and there was a confidence of there and a little bit of swagger but RG3 very mature cat he is if you heard him speak at the podium, I've I've rarely We been so impressed with the maturity and intelligence of any player and that's really saying a lot because they've been some smart football players, but he's extremely intelligent and you know, you look at him try and run the same offense and we effectively have a control quarterback a guy who's a fast be is plagued by the same offensive line C using effectively the same scheme and he has nowhere near the same ability to read leverage and that's the difference. That is the the absolute difference between these two guys. It's not anything about the passing game. It really isn't it's all about, you know, his ability to read leverage and get to that edge and RG3 as experiences. He is is nowhere near the same ability level quick twitch, whatever it is that makes them are great. Yeah, and you've you mentioned in earlier about how rare that is and now you haven't seen it and you named, you know, a couple defensive players been it's a gift, you know as much as it can be coached and it can be home. And refined and it can you know, you can you can practice reads and you can simulate situations in practice and you can look at games and look back at game film and kind of read guys and then prepare, you know, if you if you see those teams again those players again, but there's there's a there's a part of it. That's just a gift. It's just a natural ability to be able to read that and make a decision extremely quickly and to make the right decision or the best decision more often than not in those situations. It's just not an easy thing to do another guy who would have the same kind of ability to be Muhammad Ali a particularly when he was younger. I mean all he the older guy was a little bit slower and try different things to defend himself. But if you watch a leaf, like listen, listen can't even come close to hitting him. He can't even come close to hitting him and and it's just a matter of he reads every single punch before it's coming and is out of the way and and that he's in for three straight of his own and you know, it's looking very one-sided immediately. It's It's it is a gift. I think that you know, there is a little bit of the 10,000 hours of practice thing. I think it's when things have been said about you know, what how The Beatles got great as they had all that time in Germany playing together before anybody knew who they were to get better at who they were at what they're doing and you know, Jackson is probably been running with the football this way since he was 6 or 8 years old. I mean when since he started playing the game almost in terms of he was he's probably always very quick and The probably started trying to read opponent leverage at a very early age and he's practiced at it. He's obviously great. Yeah reminds me of something and Reid has said about you know, just how long he had been playing football and you know how he has all of this experience when people say well how do you make these plays and how do you see these things and you seem to see it before anybody else on the field and get there before anybody else at feel and he just said it's reps and people are thinking about, you know, NFL practice. Or you know University of Miami and he's like no, I'm going back to Streetball in Louisiana this how long I've been doing this. So, you know again to your point those 10,000 hours just when you've done something so many times and I think there was even a clip of Lamar at the Pro Bowl not and and this is kind of ironic considering how their season ended. I think it was Derrick Henry who asked him. How do you make guys miss like that in the open field? What are you doing? How are you reading those guys to determine what movie? Going to make and he Lamar is simple, you know as so many times with so many so many of his responses. It's just a very fundamental cases. I just read their body language. I look at which way they move and then I go the opposite and if you know, that's an oversimplification. I'm sure but you you get the concept and it really ties into what we're saying. He's reading leverage and maybe he's done it so much that he can do it almost intuitively subconsciously where he doesn't have to to actually Actually process it. It's just happy he's done it. So now they're so there's a lot of things happening downfield on runs with Lamar that probably are worth discussing here. Just because you know Lamar didn't have a bunch. They didn't have a bunch of super long run. So he didn't break away from his own 20 and run for 80 yards his longest run of the season was the 47 at Cincinnati, which is on everybody's highlight memory real now forever, but he had a bunch of it a bunch of runs that were in the 25. 30 yard range and that was pretty much as long as as he was doing now, there are multiple things happening down feel the one of them is that because the offenses are playing a lot of Zone against him. They got eyes on him and they can they can eventually get him contained or forced to the sidelines. In other one. Another thing. I think is that that his speed being what it is will only get him so far against an active secondary this active secondary is is fast to also and Lamar. Our is a he's a tough guy. I don't want to say that but he's not Vince Young as far as being a huge guy or other people who have you know played with very big bodies at the position. Yeah, and I was going to say the same thing when you talked about the speed we talked about it earlier. I mean this is this is not like if you think about a 40-yard dash, we're not talking about like a 4:3 type, you know speed guy right? He's fast. Look, we're look we're talking about it and I went would you go for 445? Yeah, I think he's in the mood for some where it was funny. You mentioned that I actually looked up some of his high school track. He ran track in high school. I think I only ran it for one year, maybe two years and I've heard what Scouts like to look at for like a real true indicator of speed is guys who run the hundred meters in track and particularly if they ran it in college in addition to high school because then you can really like famous. I think you've probably heard this like famously, I think Tyreke Hill who ran it in college ran like a sub 10 Which is crazy and like a nine something that's ridiculous. But I think Lamar when I looked it up, so don't quote me on this. I don't have it in front of me, but I want to say it was if it wasn't High tens. It was like Lo 11th. So he wasn't like a blazing blazing like world-class speed kind of guy, but I think what it shows is well probably more than just eating these two things with the first two things that come to my mind is and you see this difference between college and NFL the overall Talent level obviously is better in the NFL and So you're not going to see as many of these 60 70 80 yard runs that you see in college in the NFL right? Just you're playing against more talented guys more more athletes throughout the league on every team. And then I think the other thing is so it's tied to his speed but I think what he is is what you see come out of the combine a lot and it's ironic that combine is coming up soon. You hear guys who say hey don't put a lot of stock in 40 times. Don't put too much weight on 40 times know for certain positions. Obviously, they matter but football is more of a game of starting and stopping and changing direction. Then it is straight linear speed for 40 50 60 yard, there are occasions when that you're in that situation and that does obviously become an asset but most of the time some of the quote-unquote fastest guys or guys who are able to stop as fast as they can start, you know and Lamar and and change direction, you know, laterally and Lamar He probably if not, the most dynamic open field Runner. Certainly one of the most dynamic open Field Runners in the league. And I think it's largely because of that lateral change of Direction ability and that start-stop ability. Yeah, I agree and I think with there's another mitigating factor to it is that Lamar is actively trying to avoid hits. He's really trying to reduce the amount of damage. He takes in the secondary and that's the way it ought to be. It's boy, you know giving up 200 yards this year. Certainly worth it in terms of any kind of longevity gained from Lamar and the future and he goes out of bounds a lot and I've done a study on the hits for this year and in grading these things that had to create a number of categories for when he goes out of bounds because he goes out of bounds on touched a fair map PFF had him and they posted this in an article. So it's okay to say three point seven yards before contact per play, which is unheard of my average of In yards before contact there's all sorts of things relating to how effective he was running from the pocket when he had to scramble. So one of the things you can do is you can you can take his I don't want to go too far with this point. I won't let you react to that and then I'll come back at this one. Actually now, that's amazing you 3.7 so you can I said that yeah, that's ridiculous. If you think about the Run game in the NFL, you know, obviously running backs and their proximity to the line of scrimmage. So, you know, that number is going to be lower for them but even They're running quarterbacks, you know, and I don't know what that number would have been for a guy like Mike Vick or even Randall Cunningham. But just just you know, think about that. I'm trying to process it right now and I'm like think about these guys gaining nearly four yards before anybody gets near you or at least close enough to touching. That's that's that's just amazing but to your point about protecting himself and trying to get out of bounds. It's just another one of those areas and I know we'll touch on this layer where he got better, you know from 2018 to 2019. It's almost like he kind of gave that answer at the end of last season like hey, what do you need to get better on what do you need to work on and it almost sounds generically says everything we literally like I better at everything. It's kind of funny what we're gonna do we're gonna go through this on another program at one point, but you know the way that I had it was zeros or untouched ones or touch with no real for stews pushed out of bounds, but still standing If you go to the go to the ground that was a three hard tackles a for and that really had to decide whether or not the defender is putting weight on a more it or an otherwise caused an impact with the tackle then a soft Tackle by 2. Plus that's that contains some additional injury risks. I made that a 5 and then a hard Tackle by 2 plus was the hardest. He only took a handful of sixes the whole year and most of those were not on runs. They were on quarterback hits. He did take someone runs. I'm not going to say He didn't take any but a lot of moron quarterback hits. So I'll be interested to go through that with folks and and really talk about the other the other component of that is where did he get hit on his body will more did a very good job. Also a protecting both his head and his legs with the way he ran this last year and that's a point that he made it's a point that Greg Roman made even James Urban said that look when you're in the pocket looking to to stay in the pocket and and deliver the ball. You're really you know you A very limited ability to protect yourself, you know from from hits obviously Lamar has a little bit of a higher level of ability to do that because of his elusiveness and his Mobility but still your focus is down the field right not necessarily on rushers or things happening around you with the pocket condensing and collapsing. Whereas when you get out on a scramble, you know, it does I run or scramble your able to see Defenders, right and you're able to make some decisions and some choices about when to get It down when to get out of bounds, maybe sort of one thing. I think he does really well is he gets really slippery on contact. I wish I had a better way to describe it than that, but he seems to and I think your numbers support this very rarely take like a full-on like a textbook tackle, right? Just just full-on he finds the way maybe this goes back to the leverage Point again to just sort of get an edge on a guy and just kind of take a little bit of a glancing blow as opposed to, you know, full and full frame sort of blow. And I think we had that conversation a lot in 2018 about those kinds of heads. And is it sustainable? And I thought I think we saw as the season went on that. You really do probably run a little bit more risk and maybe are a little bit more susceptible to contact without being able to protect yourself in the pocket. Then you are from running. Obviously. There's a risk you said that there's definitely a risk when you're running and you have to try to mitigate that but you at least have some ability to see it and make some choices about you know, how you're going. To engage that contact whereas in the pocket oftentimes you don't yeah, that's exactly right when you're setting to throw the quarterback is at his most vulnerable and no quarterback hits on the sacs are where he takes some of the best of Pocket awareness is outstanding for Lamar. And since this borders on the run, we're going to we're going to drop this in here right now, but his back side pocket awareness is also at a at another level. I mean, you know with there are some running quarterbacks in today's game of I think that actually hurts them DeShaun Watson was sacked a lot. I think he is overly pocket aware in terms of seeing pressure and being bothered by it. Not keeping his eyes down feel somehow Lamar keeps his eyes down field and this is the statistic that really got me Lamar sack was Jackson was sacked. I think it was 23 for 105 on the year, but he also scrambled for over 300 yards and I don't have the number of carries, but I do have the aggregate if you add this sacks and The Yards lost to the scrambles with the yards gained the average yards per carry. We're To call it on those plays was 4.6. Now most quarterbacks are going to be a negative number there. Yeah. Yeah, because it's you know, the Stockyards are going to exceed any kind of scramble yards by a good amount but but remarkably 4.6. I mean think about that's pretty damn good for a running back and you know, it's you know, that's a quarterback scrambling for the pocket. That is a true weapon. Yeah, and I've said this on Twitter, I'll say it again here. And again, it's just my opinion and people Called it hyperbole or it can disagree with it and that's fine. But to me and this goes back to Louisville. So I'm not just saying this because he had his MVP year and I've tweeted a bunch about it last you to to me. He's this rare thing that you don't seek. He's a pocket quarterback who has a tremendous ability to run. The ball may be one of the most dynamic Runners we've seen at the quarterback position if not the most but he is a pocket quarterback in terms of pocket presence and I know people would disagree with that because I say, well he doesn't do this and Doesn't do that, and he doesn't look like this but to the point that you just made if you look at him in the pocket when he's dropping back to pass when the pocket starts to compress and you can just look around at the other guys in his class the other Cube. He's in his draft class and how they react to a condensing and compressed pocket you serious? Yeah, right. You see them get more frenetic. You see them start to drop their eyes, right and lose that downfield folk as you see them look for ways to escape out of the pocket. I'm Saying the more never does that I mean we can think back to you in that first Pittsburgh game. I can think vividly of a couple places where he's trying to escape out of the back of the pocket was like a cardinal sin. So I'm not saying he's perfect but compared to the guys in his class who were touted to be more traditional pocket passers in terms of pocket presence in Pocket awareness. He's Leaps and Bounds ahead of them to me and always has been so I'll always stand by that that he is a guy that had maybe you know giving him that label is is too simplistic but he's a guy who has a very unique balance of pocket presence in Pocket awareness, but yet the ability to escape and run and be elusive. You just don't see it very much and that's why I've always compared him to Steve Young, but the other thing that people thought was crazy, but to me, that's who I see when I watch him play. I see a young Steve Young. Well, that's this. It's an interesting thing because one of the one of the great Steve Young highlights was out there and I might have been a long touchdown run against the Packers. I think it is made at candles. With the baseball diamond on the field. So it is running on dirt a little bit Steve Young. I look at that video after watching the bar and Steve Young handles like a freaking shopping cart. I mean that's that's the relative level of athleticism between those two players and young was incredible for his era but he's yes didn't he just does not have the same natural ability. The Maher has by any stretch with his legs now another great great passer, but but you know, there's a big difference there. So I did want to mention something else you mentioned cardinal sin and it reminded me of something. I knew I wanted to bring up and I'll forget it. If I don't bring it up now. So one of the things we saw in the Cardinals game was Lamar turn his back to the field under pressure and exit the pocket to the left and there are a couple things that were happening fairly regularly, their first of all, Ronnie Stanley was aware of what was happening and was able to get downfield and help on those blocks a lot. That's a big thing where Stanley had a great season. That I think was largely assisted or not. Largely. That's not fair. But partially assisted by who Lamar is but Stanley also adds something that complements Lamar very well and that's the ability when the read option is to his side to get downfield into level 2 or level 3 and make a block that most tackles only can't make a Stanley's got really excellent feet can get downfield and then you've got a huge size Advantage there to take care of a linebacker. Take care of a big safety, whatever it might be. But the other thing is that Lamar knew that Stanley would otherwise seal that side from whatever linebacker or whatever other traffic might be threatening him towards the sideline and he thought even if he has to turn and this is something as a pastor, I think Lamar needs to do better is really reacquire the field after traditional play action. I think that's something that it's not at the top as he was he was excellent at reacquiring the field as a Our and trusted Stanley on that side to be outstanding. I think it is interesting. You said a cardinal sin because he had like six runs the left for 10 or more yards against the Cardinals and I think you see that cohesion. I think we saw it as the season went on as the more that you as a defensive lineman block for quarterback like Lamar the specifically block for Lamar you start to get a feel when a sense for where he's going to be on certain place, you know, as you're running, you know the plays that you you run them. Most of you so your core stuff in your offense where that's running game or passing Concepts you get a feel of where he's going to be based on how the defense is reacting right the the defensive line or if you got blisters or pressure coming from the second level. And so everybody starts to get a better feel you can you can see the difference between 2018 and 2019. Whereas almost like, you know, they were still blocking for Joe and where they expected Joe to be right versus Lamar, which is very different case and where he's going to be sometimes And you can see them start to make that transition and get more comfortable with that throughout 2019. Let's take a moment here. Take a little break Josh anything in coming up in questions or be interesting for us to handle that maybe more that relates to the run or the season in total or whatever that you have. I mean, we could there's a lot of questions about kind of next steps and how we take this so I was going to save it for the next episode. But if you want to get into it a little bit we could get into kind of what would help the mar. To I guess with on the speed side get even faster. Is it a more lineman is it better wide receiver options that are going to keep guys off him. How does it how does this game and the Run game Advance? Okay. So I think I think the question is probably how it will adding additional speed help the run you because I don't see a I don't see a case where Alomar gets any faster as time moves forward. In fact, right, you know that naturally it will be a case that that Lamar will regress somewhat. We'll talk about this a little bit later maybe in some ways but speed is an area where he will have uneven reductions in speed as time moves forward because some of those are injury and some of it is a natural reduction in speed over time Michael. What do you think about that? Yeah, I think both I'd agree with both of those points and I guess I'd say because I think I saw this question when I popped up on Twitter, so I thought about it a little bit. I guess I'd say I could see him increasing. In elusiveness, maybe not necessarily speed because I think what I saw from 2018 to 2019 was but he's always been fast. It's always been athletic we've known about that. But I think you can you can picture. I know I certainly can picture certain plays in 2019 and he even talked about it where a defensive lineman or somebody would catch him from behind and he's like man, I didn't know these guys were that fast and I think what he would do is everything was a hundred and ten miles an hour and to the point that I made earlier. You know changing speed is a bigger thing in the NFL in terms of being more elusive. So I think what I saw more throughout 2019 is if blood is to take an example if I'm feeling pressure. Let's say there's a defensive back coming off the edge and what he would do in 2018 is just immediately try to get outside that guy and beating to the edge right hundred ten miles an hour. Hmm. But what I saw him do more in 2019 was, you know hesitate for a moment bait that guy invite that guy in right you seem coming, but don't immediately bail out of the park and try to be contagious. Let them come in a little bit and then as he gets closer to you then accelerate then make your move laterally, right? So it's just about how you deploy your speed and your quickness, which can make you look faster. When really I think it's more about being elusive than speed. But I think that's where he still can make gains because I think as the game continues to slow down for him. I know it's hard to after having an MVP unanimous MVP season the think the game could slow down anymore, but I think it can't I think it can still slow down for him in some ways and you'll see him look even More elusive in that in that regard. We have an absolutely enormous list and don't take this the wrong way of areas for improvement for Lamar for 2020. As Ravens fans, we want that list to be as long as possible. I mean, obviously you have to have a unanimous MVP who had literally one of the greatest seasons in heaven NFL history and between Michael and I we've got 12 things you can improve on and I think that it's that's a wonderful place to be you wouldn't want to have a player who was already ceiling 223. You already know that it's likely He's coming off. What is effectively a seventy three home runs season. He's coming off the you know, Barry Bonds is Big Year. There isn't anywhere up to go not really, you know, his is aggregate level of Effectiveness is going to be something the rest of the league is going to be trying very hard to combat every time they faced the Ravens going to be Central to try to stop the Ravens probably won't have as injury áfreeá season or as as low injury season as they had this year. They also occur on the offensive. Not an insubstantial loss, but largely on offense. Otherwise they were in pretty damn good shape the whole year. And I think just it's more likely that things around him will not be quite as optimal for an entire season for him to take a step forward from what was already statistically one of the greatest seasons in NFL history. Absolutely and in terms of the players around him, I'd add more speed keep adding speed. I love the track team approach. Obviously, you're going to have to mix in some different body types. If you're talking about receiver. Yes, you've got miles Boykin you probably would like to have another, you know, sort of bigger body possession. Receiver to but I think because of how effective their run game is. You want to pay that off with big plays down the field in the past. I think or even if it's shorter plays that turn into big plates, you know, jet sweeps or screens or you know, bubble screens, whatever but you need fast guys to do that. So I'm all for Speed speed and more speed or so. So, where would you like that speed specifically are you good? Do you think they have the speed at running back that they need with the three guys right now? Yeah, I like where they are at running back right now. I think there's a whole separate conversation about the value of that position and how much you want to invest in that position. I wouldn't be surprised if you know there's a there's a guy that they bring in. I don't know if that's a guy that they'd rabbit maybe a UDF a you know, they did that a couple of years ago with Gus and a couple other guys who came in so I don't know how they do that. They may bring in another guy, but I actually like where they are right now in terms of the running back room because I think you've got an all-around do it all kind of guy in Room you've got a speed kind of change of pace back and heal and then you know, you've got sort of your downhill Thumper and Gus. So I like the complement of skills. They have in there probably be more at wide receiver or even I don't even know what I would call this position. It's almost like the Debo Samuel positions like a wingback right was kind of ironic since they play a lot of they run a lot of option Concepts. It's almost like the wing back position where you just have this guy who's somewhere in between a wide receiver or somewhere in between a running back can do a lot of different things but If somebody who you can get the ball into their hands quickly and just let them make place right? So I would like to see that because I think that adds just another complementary piece to their offense gently. Maybe Halen ads on Twitter that he thinks Mike Evans. Is that guy? It's my guess is Mike Evans available. Not sure he's a he's a slower aircraft carrier receiver, but he's but he's huge and he's he certainly can certainly can block. It could be a very good Target. I mean Is obviously has a lot of that would be exciting. But you know, I I personally I want the Ravens to stay off the wide receiver free agent treadmill they drafted. Well, I think they can they can do it again in terms of getting a wide receiver. Do they have to maybe sign somebody well, maybe they've you know, Seth Roberts is UT is is a UEFA right now. So maybe they need to figure out how to replace him and they don't have it's not like they have a huge room, but it's at running back. I'm with you like death. Definitely want them to go the UDF a route because I think Romans offense really lends itself. Well with application of a new player of a certain type as opposed to a new player at the highest skill level not the Ravens couldn't benefit from that they could but they have so many other needs on defense to address. I just would rather if they did the economize role at running back to to go with that. And Mike Evans is signed until 2023. So, I don't know what Jalen thinking we're going to do that pull them out of Tampa Bay. Maybe you thinking about prashad. Maybe got his name's mr. Herriman's listed as one of the top 50 free agents. I think on all the Daleks - you had you had to love it. You're right down there in Florida. You had to love it. We'll see what happens. Give me another year. You mean your own personal hell if you came to the Jaguars and so they put up a 65 Catch season. You'd have to be talking about it or hearing about it around the workplace or what you would not be watching the games. Yeah, I don't I don't I mean, it's Bashar perriman if he does anything Ravens fans freaked out so I can't avoid it. It's true. It doesn't matter whether he plays well or plays poorly whatever he does is a reaction to it. All right, you got anything else for us are Josh for you move on now, let's save some of this other stuff that we're looking forward to the future for for a little later. All right, so we had a couple of things we want to do. And so this we got a good news bad news, but why don't we do the good news on this episode which is the optimism for 2020 in that how can we expect Le marteau reactant in the you know after the year after an MVP season and what might happen how would we project his season? 2020 and Michael why don't we each kind of make a point? I know I'm fairly measured on this in terms of at least I think I measured you're going to you're going to say I pull or your measured probably but that's the way it always goes. But please start off with a point you'd like to make about is 20/20 season. Yeah II don't think that your point about kind of this season potentially being the high water mark is overly measured. I mean, like you said, it's a historic season. You can broke the quarterback rushing record either free led the league with 36 passing touchdowns everything. This is not something that you know, you see often, I think people look back to kind of what he did at Louisville is like look at those Seasons. They were amazing. He's going to crank these things out in the NFL to it's not quite that easy, but I would say he is one of the reasons that I'm optimistic is that now he he has another season, right and this this really was his first full season as a starter for the entire season going into the offseason with his offense right not part of some other offense and a few. Is that were designed for him and then once he comes in and you know the middle of 2018 late 2018 will try to describe all that together. This was no completely designed completely revamped from a verbiage communication standpoint to be his right tailored to his skill set. So now he's got that whole season of experience under his belt think about all the things that he was seen for the first time right coverages that he was seeing for the first time pressures that he was seeing For the First Time Players individual defensive players that he was seeing for the first First time so now you've got this whole wealth of experience under your belt to grow from right to use in the offseason. Everybody talks about how you know, the rest of the league is going to be studying him and studying the Ravens and finding ways to slow him down and they absolutely will but now he has a whole body of evidence to to stay and use to get better right to improve himself. So to me that's one of the reasons that I'm optimistic is that he has a whole new sort of set of data points right that that he can he can employ as he prepares for Yeah, that's an excellent point. I wouldn't find one thing wrong with that. It's if I look at even just running that same offense, he can run it faster at the line of scrimmage whether that means learning to run a no-huddle offense, but I think one of the things that he has a big big chance to improve on is becoming a no-huddle quarter got sorry becoming an audible quarterback just a guy who can who can call an audible other than to a run by himself. That's it's the standard Lamar bailout audible as he can always change it to a run by himself. The question is can he can he lineup as he did on that second fourth and one at the line of scrimmage under Center and say holy crap, they've lined up for defensive lineman and two defensive ends against here. They're defending that like, it's the goal line. I need to drop the shotgun and figure out how to get outside the pocket need to make a play with my arm or legs there because going to be too hard for my line to hold up on this play. And that's the kind of that's the kind of field generalship. I want to see with him in terms of a move forward in 2020. Yeah, you nailed it. You nailed it. I had that Tennessee game. I mean, I've probably watched it 10 times. Oh, yeah, and I know a lot of people are like, why would you do that to you? So is it to me? I think you always learn the most from failure, right? So I like to go back and study and try to figure out. Okay. Well, why did certain things work or not work and that was definitely something that I had in my notes that I think Tennessee was conscious of and I think consciously Lee made an effort to do is to really test his ability to get in to good place to get out of a bad a bad play and into a good play versus some of the defensive fronts and looks at they were giving him and no knock on him. Again. We talked about his Youth and how you know, its first full season this offense. I don't know how equipped he was to do that. Even you know, we're talking about 16 games and now he's into the divisional round. But still that's something that takes years. Maybe you think about the guys who do that at a really high level. You're Tom Brady's Drew Brees paint Manny. who can get to the line look at a front know exactly where the the weakness of that front is or if they have a play called and they're going to be running into the strength into the teeth of that look to get out of that and say hey wait a minute I know where we should attack this and it's not with the play that we have called so I think Tennessee you know because they did something for like three three stacked linebackers and stuff you know it did some things that I think kind of threw off not only Lamar but even some of the blocking schemes they just weren't they had seen some of these these looks and so yeah I totally agree that that's that's something that I'd love to see him take another step with ya better reason for optimism because it's not something he's not good at right now that he could become good at so it's a I think a possible thing I just want to caution folks against being overly optimistic based on Lamar's age okay I keep seeing the phrase he's only going to get better well that's We probably not true. You can't use a normal aging model with someone who's just had the greatest season in NFL history. You have to really look at it and say okay if you look at superstars in the history of football and and there is a reasonable chance Lamar Jackson is going to the Hall of Fame. We have to say that right now, I think fairly stated what he's what he started here could well lead to a whole thing career, but the fact of the matter is, you know, the Hall of Fame players are more likely to have their greatest. Last year, very young Mel Ott had his greatest year at age 20, you know, you look at other other but and that's it. That's a baseball player by the way, not everybody knows whom a lot is today, but a lot of other a lot of other players in various Sports had their greatest year very young. They didn't wait till the normal kind of twenty-five twenty-six twenty-seven maybe for a football player to have that great age or maybe even 28 for a quarterback. It's I don't think you can project normal. models on to what you'd expect from Lamar based on this season I just don't think it works now and I agree with that and I think you also have to sort of broaden how you think about it right and and not look at it as a binary thing where people say well he either has these numbers or better to gauge whether he gets better he can get better right he can get better and have a regression statistically yeah that sounds like an oxymoron but he can actually become a better player in a variety of different areas and not you know reproduce this season or maybe not even close to it and people say well look it has numbers dip you know how can you say he got better well if you look at individual components of this game just take the one thing that we just talked about you know if you see Improvement in that area and you say man look I saw some similar kind of things from what I saw in that Tennessee game and he got them out of those plays and got them into positive plays and gain positive yards that's an improvement right well that Early, you know show up in terms of a statistic. Maybe maybe not. I mean, it's some yardage game there and that kind of thing but let's say like you just mentioned it was one of those fourth down play. So let's say they gained two yards and they get the first down. Okay. Well, it's an extra yard. That's not going to give a huge bump statistically, but in terms of the value of that play, you know, that that's an improvement. So I think that's how I always try to to remind myself to look at these things is that they're not binary right doesn't have to be this or that he can get better and and the stats maybe not look as good as they did this season. Yeah, I agree with that. I think there are certain things, you know that could happen. You know Lamar had despite a very poor weather season, which was part of what led to some of the interceptions this year things could be worse in terms of how he how he, you know, faces bad weather particularly high wind which really reduces his ability to use the entire field of force the entire field to be defended I should say so I think there are there ways in which it certainly possible he's going to throw 12 to 15 interceptions this next year and it's going to be hard for any number of things that he could do positively to make up for a big or even a moderate we'll call it increase in interceptions like that now he can make the or he could make me look like a complete fool and blow these numbers out of the water seems unlikely but with this guy I'm probably not going to bet against him there you go alright anything else point of optimism that you want to make Michael this is kind of more of an intangible one I guess but it kind of stuck in my mind because again going back to the Pro Bowl and listening to some of those conversations he had with guys like DeShaun Watson and he talked about training with different guys I'm probably reading too much into this but I think when you get to an environment like that and Around you know, the other best players in the league, you know their conversations that are had their where I really think that you can learn things and it wasn't just Lamar who talked about that Madrid on talked about picking up some things from Von Miller or Hill talked about picking up some things from Jamal atoms or some of the other best players, you know, defensive backs and lie, could you talk about things and you talk about how you see certain things and how do you defend these things and it may not need it may not necessarily be like skiing per se but it could just be like individual technique. Hey, do you how do you play this? Do you play this from a straight back pedal? Do you play it from a shuffle? Do you speed turned you man? Turn his own turn your I think you can glean things. And so I think what he could do is incorporate some of that into his offseason and if you're training with a guy like DeShaun Watson or other guys like that, you're going to pick up things that will make you better right? I know it's vague and I wish I could give some more specific examples, but I just think when you're training and working out with other great players are really good players. You're going to be able to incorporate. In pull things from their game to help supplement may be some areas. There are certainly things that I think teshon might be a little more advanced at our little better at than Lamar and then vice versa and so they that probably is a reciprocal thing as they train together. So I think that and then just having another off season kind of like what I mentioned before now, he's been through an offseason right? I'd last offseason now, he's coming into a second off season. So you know what you need to do in terms of timing how much time to take off before you start working out again. What kind of things you need to do in terms of diet, you know, maybe maybe specific workout routines or specific things that you work on that you saw, you know, you they could be more effective, you know, maybe you weren't as efficient with some of the things you were doing, you know the last offseason. So just another growth I guess kind of comment in general but more specifically about offseason approach and training. Yeah. He's certainly made the jump to light speed effectively and that's that's as that's as the leap was so great. It can't be understated. First and second year in terms of the things he learned in that offseason from from having a quarterback coach. You need other great players around him at least not that I'm aware of. He just he just had a some extremely good coaching. I wish I really believed that his off season this year could be as unfettered by other responsibilities, but I think there will be way too much Demand on him commercially this offseason for him to ignore it and you know to be fair there's sad. In The Hourglass on that to its it goes hand in hand with his NFL career. His agent is going to make as much money as he can for him and for both of them for that matter while he is a he is a highly viable commercial property. The Madden Curse for that reason is not completely fake in that that it's you know, he'll have to go through all of the commercialism that government goes along with being the League's unanimous MVP and I am moderately concerned about how that's going to Impact his offseason regimen and and and his Readiness or his advancement. Let's say this offseason that could address a number of these areas to improve that he has it's a fair point and that probably is one of the downsides of Youth of his age because when you are that young and I'll be by all accounts. He appears to be a pretty mature guy even for that age, but look, I mean, he's extremely young and like you said this is this is going To be attention and demand obviously, he's been a great athlete Heisman Trophy winner. So he's had that this is going to be at another level, you know, unanimous League MVP, but maybe and I know it's always a bad idea to compare these to use these extreme examples, but maybe he can be Tom Brady right? Despite all the things the multiple Super Bowls all the greatness that has been Tom Brady where you can isolate himself right in the offseason and say hey now, this is all I care about all I care about is getting better and better. in the best all that other stuff can wait it can come later I'm going to shut all this other stuff out and you know he live Upstate of Tom Brady doesn't allow some of that stuff in obviously does but can you manage it in a way so that football is still the top priority and steal your focus you know and not not get out of whack I mean I don't want to pile on on Baker Mayfield but you know look at some of the trappings that maybe he kind of took advantage of last offseason and and and how things went you know for them this season so you definitely we have to be very careful about it yeah hopefully there's some cautionary tales he can really look at you know whether you know you don't want to use Scare Tactics and say everybody's going to become Johnny Manziel okay but you also don't want to look at it and pretend like anyone can become Tom Brady the guy who I'd like him to be more like is Ray Lewis who remained completely dedicated to his film study he was a guy of honestly modest intelligence I think you know Lamar Is a a certainly has a tremendous football IQ, you know, and hopefully is someone who can it's very apparent. He's actually doing this who can pick up on Tendencies for opponents by watching films, maybe even transfer that to other players. He's playing with whether those are receivers might be the the logical people that he would watch film with I guess he seems to have a great relationship with his coach. So, you know, you think that some of that will be good. But remember that the coach can't work with him. And for a number of days in office he's so it really has to be his own personal quarterback coach that is delivering a lot of that. So, you know, I'd be I'd be lying if I were saying I wasn't at least mildly concerned about how this offseason will go and where it'll take it but on the other hand if he could be 85% of the player was in 2019 and I mean 85% may be statistically the Ravens are going to be a Super Bowl contender. yep and I wouldn't be surprised if they have a similar plan to what they had last season to your point about not being able to work directly with James Urban but he talked about before the season you know before they really kind of went their separate ways for the season they sat down and came up with a plan hey here are the things we want you to work on and they did that in conjunction with his QB coach Joshua Harris and say here are the things we want you to work on with Lamar here's how we want it to look here's you know the coaching points so I think you know because of the CD It's been in place for a number of years. Now. I think teams do a pretty good job of coming up with those plans and finding kind of those workarounds right to get guys to work on the things that they want them to work on even though they're not physically there to do it and you saw just the improvement from last year to this year. But until people it's almost like like a diet right like keto right. So if you're overweight and your own keto the first 20 pounds comes off fast, and there's like a plateau, right and it's a lot harder to drop those next couple of pounds. You got to incorporate. More exercise you have to do more stuff. So I think that first jump from 2018 to 2019 was really big right now how that next increase how that next bump looks will it be as big of a jump? Will it be you know, you know the Curve will look a little bit different will be more of a plateau. I think there's for all of the reasons that you mentioned not just with the other teams in the league you're going to be doing but you know all of the attention and demand, you know, all of that is working against you right to try to make similar jump in terms of improvement or any information by John Harbaugh get 1% better write any Improvement so he's got all of that you got a swimming Upstream on all that but if anybody can do it the guy has shown us I think repeatedly that he's got the makeup the mental makeup of anybody who can do it I've Got Confidence he can do it yeah tremendous work ethic seems to be extremely well directed he knows where North is I'm not concerned about any of that stuff II do hope we do it more more than that I hope other players will look at Jackson up from 2018 and 2019 and Jensen from 2016 to 2017 and say these are guys I want to emulate and try and invest in myself during a key offseason and try and get better and and make a longer career for myself in this league because yeah there's sand in The Hourglass there's your youth has time value if you're a 23 year old Wide Receiver right now miles Boykin or if you're a and I don't know if he's exactly 23 but it but it but if he is right there his youth has values going to want to do all the fun things in the offseason he's probably gonna want to travel he's probably going to want to do a bunch of other things but if he could if he would spend the time to learn those additional receiving specific skills I think it could be the difference between a five or six-year career and a nine-year career and millions and millions of dollars literally If he if this season of hard work and and self if investment yeah and you can do both you know you can you can you can you can have the travel experience and have a little time off and have fun but you got to compartmentalize it right it's part of a part of being a professional now we're you know yeah it's actually important to give yourself a little time off rights allow your body time to recuperate and just a mentally get away from the grind of the season and getting ready to prepare for the next season it's important to do that but then you know you have to get back into that routine and you had to get it done Lock back in to what you need to do to get better and be ready for the season. So that's that's always, you know, kind of the the unknown right when you talk about drafting players or even signing them as you DFAS is how they make that transition from college player from amateur. Let's quote unquote amateur player to professional player because we're privy to all the stuff that happens on the field and not not really privy to any of the stuff that happens off the field in the things that are going on in these guys personal lives and the choices that they make and to have the money that they come into as 22 23 year olds, you know, most of us will never know what that like at that age. So, you know that one thing I definitely always take away from The Scouting Academy the day happen would always tell us is like look the oil field evaluation is important but understanding the football player is secondary to understanding the person now as you know, sort of fans and kind of you know, like Armchair analyst we don't have a lot of access to the information that that I'll Scout would have to try to understand the person but I just think it's his point right? It's not about you trying to go out there and get background information to become a detective but it's just a point of who these people are who these guys are as people really has a strong impact on how they perform on the field and what kind of professional player they're going to be. All right, Michael outstanding stuff. I let's talk a little bit about what you'd like to plug our what are you working on right now during the off-season? Yeah, so typically during the offseason and this one is no different. I just pick sort of a pet project who they really is. Just something I'm interested in whether it actually makes it to publish or not. Who knows but right now what I've been charting is the Ravens defense and I've been looking at passing plays and you right now I'm on third down passing plays and kind of got them into different buckets so I'm studying things like something you know obviously things near and dear to your heart Personnel package usage coverages pressures and people said well why are you doing that just to learn the defense this is why I do and I mean I just really just to educate myself and really try to learn the defense and see if I can get a better understanding of of the defense and why they use certain person nail and certain down and distances and certain coverages and pressures and if it makes it into to an article grade if it doesn't that's why I'm fine with that too because it the whole thing was just a journey of like self-education so much but that's what I'm doing this kind of thing I'd love to just do a show on you with my kid when you think you're at a point where you just have discussion points down you know you have 20 bullet points about what you're doing I know you'll come up with a lot more than that and then it'll be like this will have a will have a nice back and forth discussion about it and certainly you are correct it is very near and dear to my heart I have the talk with you whenever you're ready thank you I'll definitely take you up on that offer and then otherwise just you know kind of keeping an eye on draft prospects it's so hard right obviously everybody gets really interested in into the draft combines coming up there's so many guys out there it's just really hard to to do any kind of thorough evaluation of all these different players so I'd look at Saint I'm not doing any of the draft profile stuff that they're doing over at RS are other guys are doing that just not really something I'm interested in doing but I do look at players and I do like to talk on Twitter with people about different players and different things that we see but I know once the draft is actually taken place obviously I'm getting pretty far down the roads we still got free agency first we'll take a look at some of those players and I'm sure I'll tweet out some stuff about about who they you know acquire and free agency or retain in free agency and then when we get to the drafts and thoughts about those guys to where are you on the Ravens drafting inside linebacker as opposed to an edge rusher Maybe Of interior or even offensive lineman with the first pick something. I've gone back and forth on and I think you know those just kind of like three top names that bubble up at the inside linebacker spotted in the first round really may be too careful Murray from Oklahoma and Patrick Queen from LSU. I throw Malika Henderson from Ohio State in there too because I really like him too. How about Zach? Well, I'm from, Wisconsin. Yeah, yeah, who's I look at him as more of an edge rusher though than inside linebacker, but you're saying compare comparing both positions right inside linebacker as a linebacker as well. So he likes a little bit of both. I agree. He does a little bit of both. I've I've gone back and forth on it. And I think the question that I'm trying to answer is I think if you're going to take an inside backer at that pig, let's just assume they they stick and pick at and there's some guys that are they one of those guys available there to them is this player a three down linebacker right I think I think if you're going to take a linebacker in the first round even at 28 and some people will tell you those pics at the end of the first round or basically you know essentially like hi you know early second-round picks as much as they are late first round picks I think that's just a philosophical thing but that's the question I'm trying to answer so far I feel like I can answer that on on on one of the guys I'm pretty confident that Patrick Queen is down player the other two guys I'm not as sure about but that's still I'm still not saying take pageant Queen and 28 but I'm more confident in having studied him that he's a three to a linebacker as opposed to I am with the other guys I'm just not that they're not I just haven't you know gotten comfortable with that but I just don't know if you're going to get an edge rusher at 28 you know a premium type talent and at that position at 28 as compared to maybe a guy like Patrick I don't think that's your queen honestly I don't think he gets the 28th either just my opinion but so that's what I've been struggling with is if the three down player maybe you do it but it just depends on which one of those Edge plays if you get a guy that falls and if you look at the way things are kind of you know who knows how it's going to shape out with free agency and the injuries and other things but you look at the number of quarterbacks people are projecting if you look at the number of offensive tackles people are projecting if you look at some of the wide receivers people are projecting some defensive is should conceivably fall right to the lair so I don't know me what do you think I know that was a long answer what do you think I I'm start by saying that I don't think the Ravens are forced by any means to take an inside linebacker and so I don't want to be Miss quoted on this I want to make it clear if the Ravens could draft CJ Mosley or Ray Lewis at 28 of course you do it okay it's a no brainer it's obvious and and IT addresses a need on the team if if they but they won't have that choice because whoever they draft they not going to know exactly what they have until he first puts on an NFL uniform Queen whoever it might be wouldn't matter if it was either at the to Devon's last year it wouldn't matter if it was Tremaine Edmonds they wouldn't know until they until he's actually put on a uniform exactly what they have and I think you know in the case of those three guys I don't I still thought so don't think we know you know necessarily what where they are exactly right now so you know then I cover the point of I've already one of the things I want out of is exactly what you mentioned the three down player I've already got the steel fence of signal caller in place and I just resigned in long-term so I don't need my inside linebacker to be a 3 down unicorn and in fact it I'm actually disincentive to have such a player if I think a defensive back and do a better job in the diamond quarter packages then such a three down inside linebacker unicorn can and that's true of almost every the inside linebacker in the entire NFL is that the team's third best safety is going to be a better coverage guy so if you want if you have pure passing Downs you'd prefer to have a third safety in there so anyway long story short it and it can be a very long story I think that the other needs are greater than inside linebacker given what Chuck Clark brings the team and the Ravens commitment and ability to deal with platooning linebackers at the I'll be positions they also the fewest diabetes they ever have in 2019 only 1 Point 3 2 / play which is just amazingly low and that was a function of the number of diamond quarter packages they played so anyway I'm I'm on record as saying I think that if they had a great player and they really love him a lot more than the others I'm okay drafting him but it but I wouldn't draft an inside linebacker but this is a generally weak position I think the Ravens actually can juggle and manage that I'll be pick your brain on something real quick though about that chair Clark because I had this conversation with somebody the other day and I think some of it hinges on what they decide to do with brand new car I think Brandon Carr essentially making the move to safety United know they can officially say that but essentially I think that's what happened yep kind of the second half of the Season that allowed Chuck Clark to play at or near the line a lot more right yes if Brandon car's not there if he's not back and Chuck Clark now has the alternate a little bit more between you know being back and being up at the line does that change your opinion at all because I think Joe Clark I'm not saying he can't play back I think he can but I think that he's probably I'd say parts of his game near the line of scrimmage are probably stronger than having him play back deep in coverage whether that's the Deep middle or even a deep have whatever you want to you know whatever part of the field you want to say I'm not saying you can't but I think he's stronger near the line of scrimmage then he is back I understand the question okay so I what here's what I would I'd say they don't know yet what they have at the Sean Elliott who's Miss so much time and I still don't know if he's a free safety or a strong safety he's played some dime he's played some on the back end in preseason when he played on the back and he looked like very rangy and a good possibility but one of my draft needs for the Ravens this year is a back and safety who can really play the back end so I would not even be shocked or upset if the Ravens draft them with number 28 I would not be upset so you want if they see that's safety they loved Erwin James is available of course if you know if they if they if they saw a Minka Fitzpatrick they're available at number 28 and like you said a lot of there's a lot of pressure on the offensive positions is always there is and always a lot of position on the edge rushers in tackles as well you know it may well be that a great safety drops into the late 20s and if they like him I say take him not be unhappy with Xavier McKinney I don't think he makes it the 28th but to get out Alabama who played I don't know if he's Minka but they use them in a similar way to make a he played some nickel played some linebacker he played some deep safety I would not be unhappy I'm a big fan of his who's the other guy I want to always call him Dilbert but that's not it they're the best a great help it mellish yeah yeah another guy who you know it's funny about him that people seem to think he had a better 2018 and 2019 but I just see a rangy loss of dude who I think I'd be happy with either one of those guys would he be able to take the back end for a team like the Ravens and we're doing this is a Lamar Jackson episode so some point we have to set the clock started to talk well then let's cut it off there though because I that's a whole nother I have a lot of thoughts actually about how he how he plays on the back end versus versus other parts of the field so let's cut it off there save it for another time to Long strangers here we go we need to get back together and have some draft talk anyway because of this is fascinating stuff and I think we'd appreciate doing this give another Joshua anything else we need to hit on before we get out of here going over to iTunes or your podcast that wherever you listen to this and write and review the show continued to spread the word about film study get in your film study mailbag questions because that really helps steer the conversations during the offseason as well and I believe that covers all film study plugs we've got tonight how about Section 3 36 suction Orioles now and yeah I mean section 336 is full steam ahead because it's baseball season and if you hit if you love baseball you probably are hating the Astros right now but it is so much fun to talk about because every day there's a new stupid quote that some player or the commissioner made so it's a fun time to talk about baseball and get it excited for the Orioles future Beyond this coming season which is going to be ugly yeah I'm going to have seasons ugly I'm gonna have to tune in because I I've only I'm not I don't follow baseball but obviously it's hard not to hear all the Astro stuff but I literally don't know what they did other than they cheated I don't specifically know how to cheat it so I'm gonna have to tune in and get smart about what happened I can give you a primer when we get off the air here Michael will will let it go it's an about buzzers and I yeah I don't know I don't know where yet yeah but yeah for the Orioles they're not going to be good this year but now's the time to hop on lessons 336 follow the Orioles get to know all these young guys because they are going to be the players who eventually hopefully bring back a World Series to Baltimore in a few years that's great I highly highly recommend Josh's so is brother and brother-in-law that's who I see you do it yeah the weight now it's just me and my brother we do it right now okay you lost Janie Janie Brody yeah birth taking some time off I'm sure he'll be back at some point and occasionally but I think life life gets busy okay sir understood so anyway that's that's good you and your brother a great team and and love to have you back want to mention two people are interested in doing a film studies short I have a lot of opportunities coming up if you want to do something about a free agent group I will talk to you about that if you have interest in talking to me about a particular group of drafted players and I'm talking about a positional group love to do that with you as well get in touch and we'll work on putting together a short for you in terms of some specific players or group of players to look at all right and of course an hour is not enough time to talk about Lamar so stay tuned for the next episode where we'll continue this conversation all right guys let's talk about anchor you've heard me talk about anchor before so I think you kind of know what it is but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to create a podcast it's free it's an app you download or you go to the website you can record your podcast distribute your podcast do whatever you want with your podcast we use it for film study we use it for Section 3 36 so if you have any interest in start the podcast you can reach out to me for help but you should really start going over to Anchor so here's what you got to do all you got to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started hey guys just want to let you know that the film study podcast is now available on Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue now of podcast including film study so going over their search for film study subscribe to film studies so you get know that you get notified every time there's a new episode out if you haven't done so yet again download the Spotify app search for film study and make sure you follow us so you get each episode of film study thanks Birdland sports for fans by fans find more great shows like this at Birdland sports.com