Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms of global risk sentiment.After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started. We were never close to this level of fear, when the outbreak first started and first started to spread within China itself. The second thing is that we reached current levels very quickly by historical standards at the time of this recording. It is a second of March and we only used it sessions to move from it out right wrist on situation in the FX sentiment index to the current. Levels of risk of on hindsight. This is actually very quick compared to other episodes of resource. And the third thing we are now at extreme levels of risk of that typically pretend a turnaround in overall risk sentiment. I want to touch on this again a bit later towards the end of this podcast. Now, let us Focus first on this round of risk of sentiment the FX Market has mostly not Completely reacted in a very typical fashion your Aussie dollar kiwi dollar has broken down to new multi-year lows. The Canadian dollar itself is also very heavy. So as a whole the cyclical currencies have significantly weakened in line with our risk of sentiment and going forward. It may continue to soften if resentments. Do not improve on the other hand your Haven. It's he's the yin and the Swiss Francs have strengthened significantly over the past eight sessions. So now what is slightly a typical is the strong Euro especially against the dollar itself. Now the strength of Euro against the dollar has gave the broad dollar a rather negative posture. We put this unexpected Euro strength down to the unwinding of Euro funded carry traits. Amid the overall risk of sentiment. So this is not unlike the Yen risk of kind of movement nevertheless the shiv short-term risk of still persisting and longer term global economic race Rising the anti-cyclical properties of the broad dollar should eventually Prevail and this makes us fundamentally very uncomfortable in chasing the euro dollar upside. So broadly speaking. We still prefer to stay. Shot of the cyclic goes against the likes of the dollar and also the Swiss Francs now going forward what can change this fundamental picture in three words the Federal Reserve. We have seen a rare unscheduled statement from the chairman Pao on 28th of February that the FED will use its tools to act as appropriate to support the economy now, This is typically code names right code words to say that they are ready to cut as soon as the much fomc now for the much fomc we are now talking about whether they will or will not cut but actually whether the cut is going to be 25 or 50 basis points. Now two things that can follow from this number one. Are we going to see a coordinated effort by global central banks to ease monetary policy and number two if Is a coordinated Global effort how much positivity can we impute from this and is it sufficient to turn the overall risk sentiment now to be honest, we have no significant signs of this yet. Even though rest of is currently extreme levels. We are still sticking with our risk off trade calls and this possible turn in overall super is sentiment is something that we will be keeping a very close. Close watch on and be ready to turn around our trade calls if we see signs of these turn in overall risk sentiment. So that's all for FX in this round of ocbc insights. I hope you will find it useful and speak again the next time thank you very much. This has been a podcast from ocbc Bank follow us on Spotify for more episodes like the one you've just heard. This has been a podcast from ocbc Bank follow us on Spotify for more episodes like the one you've just heard.