So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast Black top banter can get a discount code for 10% off their entire order. The code is bb10. So when you go there and put in your order for two grand or more or whatever and you check out use the code bb10 and you'll get 10% off that entire order go and check out what's down slow Applause has you can go to any of their social media. They're on all of them, or you can go to stencil plus.com today and check them out. Well, I get asked fairly often about one of our crack sealant melters and that melter is our Rye 30 from Rhino Works. Rhino works. If you don't already they design and manufacture portable cracks in the equipment. So there the industry's first equipment designer / manufacturer to build DF direct fired crack sealing equipment with an internal burner the equipment melts rubber faster and I can attest to that it uses less. Your which I can attest to and the flame out are very minimal not saying they don't happen, but they're very very minimal compared to put in your torch in and the wind blowing and blowing it out. So it's the reliability as a major upgrade from what we used to have. It's a proud company Rhino Works takes a lot of Pride and I know from speaking with them at multiple occasions on their products being built on the Tractors feedback and I know they took some of mine and took some other contractors feedback and really put into some new products that are coming out. So if you get a chance get get where you can check them out, you know, they're on social media, which is great and they're always developing and trying to change the way that things have been done for a while. Now the safety the reliability your production increase and how easy Already use are at the foundation of what Rhino Works creates. So if you're looking to replace a unit or if you've had one for a while and you want more productivity, I will check them out because you could add one to them for similar costs to what? You would your old ones or replacing that old one. Be sure to check them out at Rhino works.com. And that's spelled out our YN o wo are x.com once again, our yno, wor x.com and if you need any references, or if you need to ask me any questions, you always can thanks for listening to the podcast. Let's get Welcome Back to Black Top banter, I'm Marvin and we got one shout out right away. So we've been doing shout outs. This one's outside of our industry, which I love this comes from at Percy The Pianist and I said pianist like piano just in case you were wondering and he's on Instagram and he was giving me a shout out said he watched the last podcast or listen to the last podcast and he had a recommendation for us. He's like, you know, you got to get white Words, man whiteboards make me productive because he produces music makes music and they keep them productive. And then I showed him all of our white boards. Like you can see behind me right there. And if you are watching on Instagram or I mean on YouTube, but for the podcast viewers, you're going to have to go check that out yourself, but ours are full and we use them to stay on track and I thought man who have I talked to recently that I know seems to be on track and with that I need to introduce Our Guest for the day second. Guest my man. Dom dom you want to introduce yourself? Tell everybody your name your business and we'll break into how you started doing your business all that stuff man. Yeah. Sure. So everyone knows me here and I got a beautiful family at home wife two kids one on the way super excited about that super excited to be here with you my brother. No worries, man. I can't wait to get this going and this so tell us about local how you got started. I know your firefighter man and tell us kind of about that about that blend about that whole thing and how local got rolling. So yeah, so, you know, I chase my dream to be a to be a violent. So I was 18 years old going to be a New York City firefighter and you know, I guess for some reason throughout the course of 10 years applying to different agencies going to the city. Retaking tests a for some reason something to help hold in the up to the process and I couldn't figure out why so while I was going through that process I was you know in Long Island New York volunteer volunteer fire departments, are are you know, the way we live to serve our community, right? Yeah. So yeah, so I joined the volunteer fire Pops. I said, you know what? Let me see if I'm good at this. Let me see if this is what you think to me. It's my livelihood. So that's not so I started volunteering my time and I loved it. And and again, I just ate it up and I learned so many lessons from from being a fireman, you know and put my biggest thing is I love to help people. That's I love to help people in life. I think that's why we connect man. Yeah, you know, I think that's what attracted me the most out of it. I didn't know it at the time. You know, you see that you wanted to find me want to be a superhero but really deep down inside. I just want to help people. Yeah Bruno, I love helping people and yeah, that's what makes me feel happy. Yeah, that's what it that's what was really attracted me, and I didn't know that. Throughout my journey throughout throughout the years of just cause you get knocked out and just failure after failure to tell you but keep pushing I can't push it. I can push you sure cause that was my dream that wasn't going to give up right so, you know and you know after about 10 years, you know, I hit the age Gap I couldn't I couldn't apply for the job anymore, right? You know, so now I'm like what am I gonna do man, like like hit rock bottom was depressed. I was so sad. So, you know, I just recently My dad, he's 57 lead idea to bring on yours and put this is our room my father. My father was an entrepreneur. My father was a 7-Eleven franchisee. Really. Yeah, do you like I've been around business, you know my whole life and never it never really clicked for me right now. So before my father passed away, my father had a big influence in the community and he got me in with the town that I lived in it the highway department sure. So, you know I said I was my last opportunity. So now I'm telling myself. This is my last opportunity. I'm just going to make the best. Right, right, right. So I didn't know I was on the back of a garbage truck. Hard I see how it is on the Beyond this garbage truck. I'm gonna work like tail off. Yeah, I think if that's that's kind of garbage truck. Yeah, but my hard work paid off. I got noticed by the whole crew. So, you know how they have dated in house painting don't shoot and you know, they, you know, they they had a lot of pride in their favor. Yeah, it's time that I got in there so they picked me up to seeing you guys think their sides guys are hard work. Let's try them out, you know, yeah and you know the, you know, the younger guys on the crew that got away. He helped any help, you know, it's kind of hard work. It's like it's taking work hard, but try them out. Yeah, that's still how old were you dumb? How old were you when Abraham I think I was I was 25. Okay, I have been alright. Alright started happening Joe jumped on the pave crew. And I don't know man. It was weird. I just like fell right into the groove man. Just fell right into the groove and I enjoyed cool like I remember my first day on the shovel just a shovel man, you know, but What you do? Everyone else's job. I'm like, you know, let me try this. Let me try that. Let me do this. Yeah, because I had an interest in it. I wanted to write exact. No one else wanted to try right, you know. Yeah, so that's what I did. I just I just kept that attitude and kept working hard. I just know I became really good friends with like the operator of the machine and I just kind of became my mentor and I just I just posted to every position I said listen, I want to be on top of that machine one day. He goes no problem dude, because but you're gonna have to you know, you need to jump on this thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah put in your work, bro. Realize what was happening. I'm actually finding a new path in life. And I didn't realize it was unfolding the way did you know? Yeah could be the right class though because it felt so good, you know, you know that when you hit those past and they feel good, you're like man, I just feels right, you know, sometimes you're not able to to see what it is. I know yeah, actually like what happened with me was until I had an opportunity and I actually jumped on it and it works for me. Yeah. Now I can see opportunity like that in front of me, right and Chase it but I was able to do that before right because I didn't even know how to achieve anything. Sure. Sure. Yeah. I was just I kept like a failure. Right? Right. So, you know, it took a long time for me to understand even how to recognize opportunity in my life. Yeah it really and then once I was able to recognize opportunity then the doors are open, right, right. Yeah, so to go back so then eight years I cried. Up finally feel one day. Like I can't jump on top papers yours today. And you know, I was I was really like in my glory. Yeah, so so they transpired, you know, it was like people like hey Dom listen, you know, I have a problem I drive with my house and come take a look at it. Right right. No problem and they come take a look at and then friends and family just started unfolding, right? Yeah. Just trying to help him and then one day my wife was a hate, you know, you're pretty good this and you're starting to like get business like once you open up your own company. Like I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if I can do that. I don't know if I'm capable of that. Yeah, dude, it's scared. It's a fear of the unknown to dude, you know and other dude a lot of times that that block you put up in your mind only exist there in your mind dude, and it's only a lot of times it's a hundred times worse in your mind. Then it could ever be in real life, you know, but you don't know that it's the unknown so you got to take that little bit of step and jump off that edge and once you dude you're like Do the waters kind of nice like you get choppy when it gets chopped once in a while, but it's kind of nice. You know what I mean? So keep going tell us that once you start a local then what happened. So so when I saw that I said, I like I'm thinking how can I bring my stuff? What's going on? What's going to separate me from everyone else? Look, I don't want to just be Dom's assholes Tom silk. I made that mistake. I made that mistake early on bro, right? So, you know that went through my mind, of course like I jumped on me. It's called learning bro. We don't have we don't we don't have very many textbooks bro. So you got to absorbent online exactly. I'm all over the world. Yeah, so I was able to see what was working. So I said you know what? I want to be a local kid. I want people to trust me. So then local came into my head sure now and you know by me, you know, if you get separated in my community if you're a local or you're not alone, right and I sense. Yes, dude. All it takes is believe In something a little bit and when your heart when you set on it and you're like, yeah, I'm believing in this then all of a sudden things start coming together and I couldn't imagine now and I imagine you can't imagine now me having any other name for my business than wisco. Like it's that's got to be it. So then when I think of you I think of local every single time and I can't imagine the logo being any different I can't imagine the name being any different, you know, you right we both Rock hats a lot and you like your bill flat a little bit. I can't imagine seeing local on. Nothing, but a flat bill bream bream bro. So the one thing that I that I always get question about is how do I start? And then when I do start to give people advice there's a million questions bro. They don't and my biggest thing is you just have to figure out a way to get sealer on blacktop patching holes and paint on lines. That's it like all the specifics you're going to overthink it and if you overthink it, you're just going to start stubbing your toe, dude. You're not going to Been to that water because you're really overthinking it worry about getting that done first and then start learning about different equipment different specifics and different techniques. And I think that's the big thing to do. And I think that's a big jump right? There is like you said, you know, you just decided you almost start this business. That's how we do it. I know how to do the stuff somewhat we'll worry about anything else once we get rolling and you gotta get some money coming in do if you're going to upgrade equipment. So let's go ahead and start getting some work and exactly I think I think that's the main belief but as of local Right. Now I kind of want to round this out into our topic as far as staying on track. So local started going you started getting work started doing things. Did you go full time right when you started local or did you work on the crew and then kind of he's in or have you tell me you tell me how that happened that transition? Portland and taking rescue what we're just taking risk for me and my wife as a team was that we weren't comfortable with it being full can't union jobs, you know, we were set setting that course of life, but were you happy but were you happy we're you fulfilled fulfilled fulfilled, right? Look at their self a lot like you and I do I know we connect that way. I feel like if I don't If I don't reach my full potential I'm selling myself short dude. I do not want to be an old man and know that I sold myself short on my full potential, you know, so that's what that feeling is when you're like there's something deep down man. What what the heck is it? And that's what it is. And dude if you if you fulfill that on even a small scale that feels way better than doing what the world or Society is set is Success on a large scale all of a sudden that kick that starts a Kindle due to fire, you know, and once you Started that with local how that feel do ya mean. I mean that's felt it was it's just kind of set it now. But yeah if that makes sense. And I before I was just living I was living, you know, the rat race. Yeah, I thought I was but I knew I wasn't happy right but I would have never ever ever people say, you know, you know, I want to feel that how do I feel listen you got to take take risk take chances on yourself. Push yourself too uncomfortable territory. Yeah. I'm saying this because that's what it took for me to feel does it does you know? You almost have to unlearn what you've been taught is the the steps of the ladder. You know what I mean? You almost have to unlearn that dude. It's like no dude. It ain't even a ladder. This is a rope that you just got to get on and climb up. Do remember that rope in gym, dude when you have a gym class. Yeah, your hands are going to burn. Yep. Yep. Don't wash or higher. You just want to get your feet to the next night, dude, so you can take a break second. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna lie dude. I really only made about three feet off the ground when that thing happened bro, and it wasn't because my arms week it was because my body was big for that's what we're gonna say bro. So no, no, no, dude. I can't even see it in my mind every day when I'm weak bro. No, so so now that locals doing their thing. Imagine you started doing you know driveways and you know doing Sealcoat and small and then doing a little bit of Patchwork and then a little bit of stripe work and then sub some of that stuff out and then started taking it on a little bit. I seen a video of you play compacting around some sewer drains and manhole lives the other day. You guys had your dump trailers there and stuff bro, and I really liked that video. By the way. I thought it was Frank you put together good that that transition to Getting to where you have a regular schedule you have regular clients now and you start putting a schedule together and keeps going how do you we're going to go to the top of the day man, because that transitions good whiteboards. I use white boards. I didn't always use white boards. I use a tablet and you know piece of paper not actually a tablet like kids have nowadays bro, but actual pen and paper, you know, I use that before I started doing that but now that I got a team and we started a team here. I want them to see what's in here to bro, so that it's so that they're thinking that stuff too. We have a schedule whiteboard schedule with just broke down by the month. What we're going to do each day what job it is what I have to do that day. And then we have the other white boards behind me that have goals, you know, all of our goals. I want them to see that and then I want if somebody's on my team and they have a goal and throw that up there so that we can get you to your goal to man. It's not all about me or wisco. We're trying to build a legacy and it's going to take out it's going to take a team. I don't And leading I don't want to be the boss bro. I want to be the leader and there's a big big big difference in that I think so we use white boards to stay on track. The other thing is I text a lot dude. I text my team my guys, but I also want to keep them involved by telling them what projects entail even if I'm just bidding them because I want them to kind of get that thing thinking to you know of what we're going to need what we're going to do, but I've never stopped for me the way White boards are big thing. So Percy the Percy the piano player. He he hit the nail on the head. He hit the nail on the head from for me dude, when he said whiteboards. I showed him. I sent him pictures. It was on Instagram. I'm like, dude. I'm loaded with whiteboards, bro. So what about you as far as local? What do you what do you use as far as getting on track with a project and then we'll talk about staying on track if it's a larger project, but if our about getting on track As soon as you get a call and they're like yo, this is own. So I need this at this address. How do you what happens after you get that call that first week. So yeah, like this is something I've been learning. But if you anyone that knows me seriously, I'm constantly writing stuff down. I have notes everywhere. Yep. Does it stop? I have it with me at all times. You look behind me. You'll see ya. That's just my win-loss counter like, yeah, and and That's something that really keeps me on track and I stay honest with myself. So, you know every day that I live my life and I go through my day together. That's what when I'm feeling good. Yeah, that's yeah, that's how you get to the playoffs bro. That's how you get to playoffs hundred percent. I had that thing my office I have that downstairs Kitchen on a whiteboard that me and my wife. Yeah, right. I don't need em, dude, I got three. Yeah, so that's how I blend my family my work together. So if they major key, that's major kyatto, that's major. They see what goes through my head every day them. Yeah. Right there there slots and all those slots as soon as we get a call it goes to the lead slot boom. And then I'll write up a work estimate for that. It goes into the estimates lat once I'm ready to go for my day. I'll schedule which ones I want to do on my loop on my route will take Those we get what we I get rolling I get in the truck. Go ahead all those they'll come back to complete it estimates another slot and there they sit until we get a call saying yeah or an email or whatever saying. Yeah, we want this to roll then they go into jobs to do. So once they go on to jobs to do then we're ready to put them on the board and get everything going for it and that gets us there. You know, we I like your I was taught. I really like listening to your win-loss board. And I said dude, that's how you get to the playoffs. So for me. I like to think of it that way because you know the days the regular season games, you know, you can lose a preseason game and it's not a big deal bro, and some of those are the learning ones but the regular season games are your driveways man there your small parking lots and then if you get to some medium ones, those are the playoffs like do we got to win this because if we don't win this the call coming from the Super Bowl ain't going to happen. You know what I mean? We got to win these we got to make sure it doesn't just stop at Doing the job. It also is marketing the job that you did use that put that in your Arsenal man. That's your weapon. They do that's your vet. That's your playbook bro. You know, the X's and O's and do they haven't seen this play before you go to this parking lot and offer them to do electric parking stencil or something like that. That's that trick play bro. That's the Flea Flicker man, you know, so you don't want to be throwing Hail Marys dude, you want to be using your brain to keep pushing the ball down the middle and then all of a sudden you hit enough win. Once you get enough playoff wins, you don't make it to the Super Bowl every year bro. But sometimes you make it to the big dance and then when you hit the big dance, you know, there's been times like when you seen the playoffs where people got steamrolled and you know why they got steamroll because the other team had cold feet they said, you know, we want to get to the dance, but they weren't sure that they could win the game dude. If you get in there you should be using those playoff games which are the medium good size jobs to get you to the big one in my brain. I think we're in the minor league still, you know what I mean? So I'm winning I'm winning Super Bowls but dude, it's like the XFL Super Bowl bro, you know or like Arena arena football or coffee or or National Championship in college you do. So so, you know for me some I'm a pro playing in that league and I'm just waiting for my call up to the majors. Do you know and that's I think that you hit the nail on the head with the winds thinking about it. I did we got to we got to make sure we win every day and a play. Game in a regular season game look exactly the same, you know, but the opponent's a little bit different. So once you once you get to where you're on a bigger project down, how do you get people to stay on track? Because we're you know, I'm asking you because we're peers. I have one that's going to be stretched out. Probably a good seven days this year and our biggest stretch so far has been probably three or four days. And I hope that was a job man that called so, you know, I hope that I can get some advice from you because our biggest one has been three to four days so far if we got a stretch to a big one or if you haven't done a big one a week long. How would you go about it? Because I want to know how to once you get on a track or get on what you're doing. How do you plan to or how do you keep? You couple guys and everybody motivated and keep things organized for that project as far as costs and everything else. Yeah. So so like the way I do now, we haven't had a job at least seven days, but I'm constantly looking ahead to the next move. Okay, that's what I'm doing. I'm trying to prepare myself to moves ahead. Yeah. Yeah, right. So if I need to stay ahead of the game my guys sometimes I'm telling my guys. Listen we're going to do this this way this that way but they don't you know, I'm already thinking three heads three steps ahead. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so I push myself to level up. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I do right now is try to get them in a certain way and doing things a certain way and just and just doing the small fundamental things the right way. Yeah for that as the bigger responsibilities come. A play their Prime kind of worried about that little stuff that primed ready to go. Yeah. Now we can take this outside. It's a team operation. Yeah, of course - together. Yeah. No, but we have to grind we have to hustle and the biggest thing is just I set goals. I'll set daily goals. I'll set Wrigley goals and I'll tell him if I have to smoke her with time or even myself. It stops. It was it I got this is the goal you have to achieve for today. This is the goal you to achieve for the week. Yep right here, and these are sometimes we'll have three goals for the day. You know, yeah, I need to be here at midday. I need to be here for the evening. Yeah, and then this is going to set us up for tomorrow morning, which is going to set us up for the next day and the next day so I'm constantly setting goals myself causally recent go to the next level in the next step. That's what I do. I'm just I'm just constantly pushing myself. And if I don't do that, I actually get upset myself as I feel like I'm going backwards or I'm not doing it you I'm sitting stagnant. Yeah, so I have to constantly push myself to a new goal or Just some stuff to the next level as I can't push myself and my wife's like my wife said Tom, you know, you need to you need to stop thinking so big and so lord, it's not your dreams are too big if I don't dream big. Yeah. How about you to stay motivated baby? Yeah. I'm a big proponent of You know and I was listening to something. He said the other day and he was like dude when you set your goals, you know, you want some people set them so that it's just a little bit Out Of Reach, you know, so like you can hit it and you can celebrate. He's like dude I set goals and I will never hit he's like because if you said it like I hate to use money, but let's just use money if you set it at 200 K. And you get 295 K you like? Yeah, man, you know, do we almost nailed? He's like but if you set it and that's for a year. He's like if you set it to a million dollars that year and you get to 350k. You're gonna be like, oh man. He's like but dude, you made it a lot farther than you would have if you would have said that bullet 200k exactly. So so for me the way I do that with larger goals because we do have them I think of it like rungs of a ladder dude that it's up there. I know it's there actually, oh, I think of it like the top R after that little flag you supposed to hit on that rope that I couldn't climb. So I need to get fit dude. I need to build my arms up dude. I need to I need to I need to get my legs up and you just got to hit those ladders to get to that next round of that. But you know or hit those goals do that's what rung of a ladder boom boom boom. Boom. But once you get there, once you get to the top, you know, then you can extend that ladder and go a little bit higher so you got at least see them and know that that's your potential. Otherwise, you'll never live up. If you think that's your potential you'll never live up to it if you don't set that as your goal, but the big goals and the Those as how we stay on track to man, so you have to you have to you and yet and you got to you also have to understand it's not a perfect world. They're going to go back until I see ya gonna get knocked out and those are the moments where like, I'm just like I put in a mentality into my head like, dr. Gonna get knocked out and it's not a bad thing like dude. It's a lesson some life's teaching you something. Yeah learn from this and move forward. This is what separates you from the other guys the other guys are going to walk away with They get mad. That's how that's how you're gonna that's how we pay our tuition man. You know, I mean, that's something I say a lot dude is that the tuition is, you know, I didn't go super far. And as far as extra education, I was just shark son of a gun but that passion that you talk about feeling fulfilled. I wanted that and you pay your tuition by messing something up on a job and having to go back and fix it or you pay your tuition by buying a piece of equipment used when you really knew you should have bought New and it comes to bite you in the ass, you know, I mean, so yeah a lot of times, you know until you get Ballin enrolling and put it moving then maybe it doesn't but right now right now we're still buying used equipment bro. I'm going to buy a piece of used equipment at the end of this month man. So, you know, it's you just got to kind of do you think those are part of the tuition and I know some of the tuition sucks because it's it's sometimes you got to trust other people and that bites you in the butt too. Men, you know you realize oh not everybody's as nice as they say they are but you know, that's just that's part of the tuition that we pay in the way we get going dude. I'm super glad you agreed to be on the podcast honestly because it's I feel like we're kind of at the same level we both kind of have the same goals same family things going on and the same mentality and definitely same style. I can tell by your hats. We have the same style, but If there is anybody that wants to contact you Dom as far as local or whatever have a question, what's your contact info man? So people can can hit you up? Yeah. So basically you hit me up on my social media platforms to be Facebook Instagram local so Cody Inc. Okay, of course, you want to generate email? Hit me up local sealcoating ml y @ gmail.com. That's that's you know, I'm always on me. By checking my emails dude, dude. I use Gmail to for wisco and people will like people always are like, why are using Gmail and I'm like my customers use Gmail, you know, my customers use Yahoo. Yeah. I want to I want them to you know, there's some people that you definitely want to be like super professional for but there's other ones. Where did my majority of my clients use Gmail? So I'm going to use Gmail, you know, I want them to be able to relate so they can hit you up on Instagram hit you up on Facebook shoot an email. Over which is probably the best way I get calls still dude, but it's hard to get me through calls. I will get back to you no matter what but that's super hard, you know to do that's what I want to know real quick what we can expect from local coming up twenty twenty men as far as I don't why don't want you to reveal. I don't want you to reveal your hand. Yeah, but I want to I want you just to kind of be like, what can we see? How do we going to see? Go I'm going to go out there and and get myself into some uncomfortable places. Yeah, this see how I handle it. Yeah, and I'm gonna push the limits. I'm definitely I'll tell you this. I've got be pushed to go commercial this year. I have a few things lined up and you know, I hope it works out. If it doesn't it doesn't but you just you're going to just see really what it's like to really just work your butt off. Yeah work your body will reach for your Reach for the Stars. Yeah and just grind good and if you want to see what that journey is like and this is really my first first real year in you know, I quit my job. I quit everything. Yeah. I'm doing football with this for the first time. So, you know, you're going to see like so follow along it's going to be it's going to be in it's going to be entertaining one way or the other. Yeah. Yeah. You know, you're going to go through with me and cool and that's what that's the one day. I'm real so well, let's do it. Let's do that. And then also let's do a hat trade. I'll send you a hat. You send me a hat and then and then and then no I'm not going to say you should wear my hat for good luck. But you know, if you if you have to do a wardrobe change real quick, you can go ahead and throw that on man. So yo dude. I appreciate you being on the on the podcast. I really do we're going to do this again sometime, but we're going to do it live on. Come see you and we'll be able to get some will do it after the season to either talk about how bad you killed it or what Stripes he had or whatever for real for real. So, let's see where we're at. Yeah, that sounds good. I'm gonna follow along on Instagram. I'm gonna follow along on Instagram for sure. Cool. Thank you very much. So we're going to sign off everybody. Thank you for listening Dom. Thanks for being here right here on black top and through podcast we want you to seal it stripe it pave it and kill it P so