Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to Some of the coffee so Zach. I did see on the socials that you were a new Brewster. Did you pass the test or have further training bogs of good trainers are so that made it a lot easy easier than it looks and it took me probably for months until I actually wanted to get out there and try it. I don't know why I just like going in there and having the girls make me an iced coffee, but Brody need some help one. On one shift and I was surely surely by now after trying to make one and it was it had milk in it. So I don't usually have dairy anymore, but I gave it to someone else and he tried it and said it wasn't too bad. I don't know if she's trying to take my feelings. Yeah, you don't have dairy. What are you like plant-based vegan? I'm a flexitarian. Oh, yeah so much. I don't know. I feel I'm trying to go on the pathway as plant base. Listen to a lot of podcasts and reading up about all the benefits of an it. Just seems like it's a no-brainer. Literally. Yeah, have you heard of plant proof? Yeah. That's what I'm on at the moment. I think it's great even like plant proof. He's very he's not much of a pushy sort of person. He's very just like, you know educate you on what you should know and it's definitely to make decisions. I'm at that point now, I'm just like certainly it's like getting into it like some days most days. I try a vegan so that I ya know why Once every couple or twice a week, maybe like my some chicken or whatever. It may be. Yeah. I think I'm at a really similar stage 2 and I've recently moved in with a girl and she's vegan. So it's making that some transition really easy because I'm picking up lots of different recipes and ways to incorporate lots of protein into my diet but not having to use Me So that's its justing it is super interesting. I'm love loving getting educated on that side of things. I think that's super important. I think a lot of people, you know, that was some sort of weird statement about the word vegan, but I just think if everyone was educated and if that didn't want to go down that road, that's fine, but just been educated enough that if something does go wrong with that body then they don't like it go to the vegan root or plant-based or whoever it is. So yeah, it's yeah, it's good snow. I'm just trying a few things I'm seeing seeing what works best to me at the moment and best of the mind but it's all good fun. So Zach when I was writing this template, I will I was in awe at the number of projects and Pathways that you have taken. So in this current moment, what projects are you working on? It's obviously my life is all over the place like this. I'm sort of working on a little business at the moment with my mate Sheamus and: as well and just kind of mixing what we all know together. So that's more of a structured based business at here in Perth. It's called We Exist. So it's about sort of branding design mixed in with so Humanity photography videography the One-Stop sort of shop for someone that starting out brand or anything like that. So that's one side. I'm sort of working on a like to use that on Instagram. Is that how we can yeah. Yeah. It's about the moment. We're yet to launch the website and the Instagram. I originally it was just like a portfolio basis for me to put out my work but, you know being in Perth for a little bit longer now and not traveling as much I want to have something sort of set in stone for the future. So we're starting now. That which seems that like it's going to have some potential I'm super excited and then and then there's just a lot of a lot of other little personal projects some sort of working on still traveling suit not doing photography that way and videography dive into doing prints as well. Which is super fun. Yeah, that's cool. You actually have some prints at Sunday, which is really cool. Yeah, and it's like it's I think there's something about taking a photo and instead of posting on social media just like Printing and having it in front of you expensive. Is it okay that going for a little bit? It's not like my main sort of like source of income or anything. It's just a bit of a passion on the side. Yeah, that's awesome. You're definitely someone who's using social media in a positive way to educate Inspire and motivate young creatives to get outside of their comfort zone. So to find out a little bit more about you who inspires you Zach that can be sometimes a hard question but a good question is well, I have a lot of luck people through podcasts and inspires me like get up every day and Chase my dreams will chase what I really want to do and keep me motivated. And then also just the people I surround myself with probably the most inspiring people especially in this building here good luck likes of tools and Roman suffer happiness. Co preaching really good message and then even the girls that's under the super vibrant super happy and the distance 5 million get up and still be lazy and just like be yeah like self-motivated and also my parents It's as well and invert his parents and stuff like that. So I try I guess the people I surround myself with probably most inspiring for me Big Driver for you. And if you carefully so that's really cool. So from presets to Prince to company collaborations, you sound like a very busy man. So I'm interested to know what does your average day diary and look like from the moment I wake up. That's the thing like it's it is all over the place. Ace my to-do list is never-ending and I try to get through my soon as I can but you know one thing will come up. So it's in terms of like Prince presets and say Instagram that's something I have to keep upcoming like keep going myself and the more I feel that put it to that the more I'll get get out of it. So it's always on answered at least I don't have to do it. But if I don't do it then nothing comes from it. So there's a lot of work that goes into that and also just like freelancing as well like Veronica geography and photography. Will come up asking for quiets and said things so there's like juggling that with my own work and my brand is it's yeah, it's pretty tricky but that's just part of being freelance sort of photographer and I guess from a day point of view in summer. I've started getting up super early. I really like again uptrend five or six and straight to the beach just start my day like that sets the day out quite nicely I think and then from there I don't have an office. I'm kind of bouncing around to a lot of Cafe helper. Finally mainly be signed up. Obviously, I do a bit of work for them. So I get some free coffee, which is Handy. Yeah, then I'm going to a cafe and try it not out. You know, what I need to do for the day do a bit of editing emailing and then the rest of the day it's a that still in the laptop editing or if I've like something to feel something to shoot. I'll be off shooting and then yeah and then just trying to figure out a routine out the most some very all over the place in terms of being here in Perth and traveling and Well that sort of stuff but that's merely sort of what the day in Tower. So, it's quite nice. Yeah, that sounds yes, super flexible allowing you to do lots of different things. Yeah. So yeah, it's very different from the nine-to-five. Yeah standard sort of workplace. So sometimes that is good then on a five, you know, you don't have to worry about anything else but getting the job done. But you know, when you asked for it for yourself the more if you don't put in the work, you don't really get anything out of it. So, yeah, so true, so From high school to now. Can you fill in the gap for us? Yeah, it's it's a lot A lot has happened. This is a massive question for ya. I feel like it's been like the best times of my life and I feel like it probably will be for the rest. I hope maybe I hope not but I left High School sort of not knowing what I wanted to do. I worked at Mike by net Sports Complex in Rockingham start off with the kiosk and then sort of like was a junior manager at the time so that kept me going. Financially and then also study marketing advertising at Curtin University and the uni life is pretty good. Like it's it's quite chill was here like two or three days max. It's not opened up opportunities for you to explore other things that while studying. Yeah sort of like I've had my classmates that I would always play sport with so it was like, you know surfing in the morning uni and then you know sport after that or work so and it was very much a routine based seeing definitely stuck in my ways and I was Just certain on, you know, just to get through uni and not really exploring anything else to be honest. Yeah, it wasn't only until current or the you're now one of in 2014. I'd say 2014-2015 my Best by Elliot lines. I'm sure you might know if he actually broke his shoulder playing Cricket over in England. Yeah, and we Supply Cricket. I've been played Cricket for like my whole life up until then and we kind of decided. Just maybe give the year off because we kind of we were so passionate about and just always it was just cricket cricket cricket pretty - backyard cricket cricket, Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday Sunday. I'm like are we might just give it up give it a break because he couldn't play I didn't want to play if he wasn't playing. Yeah and your honor Andrew Britton as well. Yeah another manager Roy. Yeah, Abby Briggs. They actually worked on roughness on just that Subway there and that was right out with the last Star Wars and obviously we could never Go over there or do anything like that because we're playing cricket and there we end up going over there for a season. We all got a job. I just worked at Subway and I guess after a few weeks, I've lost all these insane like it's you busy working flat out or when you're not you just surfing snorkeling roaming around the axle on the island. Yeah, that's when I kind of got into exploring and trying out new things because I never used to do that back in Perth and may know it was just kind of like this. So this is what people are doing in their spare time. I'm on a Saturday when it's 40 degrees not playing Cricket having fun a Renaissance a that day. I guess we were just so set on doing spending your Summers doing fun stuff like that. I love creamy it's fine, of course, but it does take up a lot of time and just in that age bracket you kind of want to try some new things as well. So when did the neverland boys start to form was that that was too? Yes, it is. Sorry. I we did season there went. Back to you and uni in the winter and Elliot stayed there and obviously in the winter. It's pretty quiet. So you have a lot of downtime and you're either working or surfing for a little bit exploring but it's also called as well. So he hadn't he rarely had a lot of ideas Brewing had to make there as well that was living there as well. And I was also on the mainland with Jackson Jackson fall another manager boy. He was sort of going to UNI and running a filming business at the same time and he'd come over. I don't visit us when we were living in righto, so I just got it and then I got a call. From Elliot. I think I was with Jackson's that you will go to court against that and I'm going to see course idea this summer. We're going to start like a page and call ourselves and Evelyn's voice. I could actually feel the energy like I'm yeah magical Neverland we should just like start a group and just post stuff and we'll help ya this is sick. So we just pretty much finish that really for that year and went over straight away, which is amazing. And that is that that time s Instagram was fairly new it. Was fairly new this. Yes, definitely put people doing some cool stuff on there, but quite a believe is that we don't really know anyone doing anything and sort of Perth area. So we went quiet in that scene at all. And you anyone doing something similar. So basically it's literally just the page supposed fun stuff that we're doing on the arm, I guess as well when we when we moved to Rio that summer write nested never really been documented before. And so it got a lot of sort of traction pretty quickly and sense of everyone was saying some really cool photos that they've never seen before and that's obviously when I started picked up I picked up a camera for the first time. Yeah. What was your first camera? I was just buying inmates camera at the time and then I end up buying a Canon 7D Mark 2. Yeah year later or something like that really wanted to just practice first. And because obviously I was always sort. So passionate about photography but never you much at all. So I was going to buy a camera straight up like yeah. Oh that yeah two companies start being attracted to what you guys were creating and wanting to sing board because we're so oblivious that stuff like companies were obviously researching ways to get out there on social media. So, you know, we had a couple companies sort of contact us one was a watch company are over for the first time pretty much the like I'll give you four for watches free. Acid which is send us at 20 photos what that is. How is this even happening? So cool out of fresh Sage with the page only had a few thousand Falls or something and we'd expect anything of it. Like we didn't know where this was gone. But yeah, so that happened and also took some photos and then I think other companies would see that and it was certainly sort of build from there until we realize that like people companies and brands are into sort of high demand for Content like this in such unique places. And I guess that's where we sort of thought maybe we should start charging people for that because obviously that using these photos to advertise online and they're making money from it. Was that hard sort of working out at the start. What's an appropriate price to give them or you sort of just like a hundred percent like we weren't it took us a long time like a long time and As because I can imagine like it's takes a lot of planning to plan the content then you got to go out and shoot it and then you've got to edit it. So it's not just like it's very time consuming and yeah, don't get me wrong. It's super fun. Like couldn't wouldn't have it any other way, but we also didn't know how much that we should actually cost. Like, how should we show you our time and for starters we weren't in it for the money. So we never really were like if someone contact us were like, yeah, but this is going to cost you this much. It was just sort of like learning as we went. Specially meeting other people that we're doing similar things. Yeah, that's probably where we got my side advice from about how we should charge or if we should charge and all that sort of stuff and then so basically, yeah that we sort of learned as we went over that road. I season didn't really get any sort of paperwork at that time was just learning and having fun creating contact content. And yeah, we sort of met a couple of big influences that would do under sort of similar thing and they can't come over and visit us and that's where like I said game. Big insight into what this could possibly take us and obviously we're super excited. So from righto, where was the next place that you guys explored? We actually had this she's from Brewster and Gabi. I've seen she came over to write an S. I think at the time she maybe had that sort of one and a half million followers. I think it's just super cool and just had such a cool time with her. She just wanted to hang out with a bunch of dudes. Just having fun pretty much. Yeah. We just documented that. We actually got the opportunity to go with her to Hawaii. Oh Wow, feeling some stuff with her at a friend Alex Hayes. He wonders what we all want to go to Bali. So that was kind of the first trip. So we're yeah finally got home and that's when we Gabby was like she'd come to Hawaii. This is ridiculous. Like then we had that opportunity and actually while I was in Bali, so I should have mentioned this earlier we kind of envisioned where this could take us and I was sitting sort of overlooking this amazing. We're at this amazing view like that. We were working with that time probably so Best place we work to is still and will sit on my laptop about to apply for the next semester uni, and I was just thinking, you know, what stuff is and I just like this bird that just because I saw a potential what we could do and then yeah, we started traveling from then on obviously and I guess I know that way you went and you had a clear mind, you know, you don't have anything holding you down. Yeah all in let's give it a go. Let's see where this takes off. Yeah, literally and I guess that first refers are really stepping outside our comfort zones and obviously learned a lot a lot of about what we wanted to do pretty quickly. And so you guys did that for a couple of years. We actually went to why pretty much with not a lot of money at all. Yes. We're just thought because it was sort of sponsored which was again unreal to think at the time and then we're like are they it was with Sony and they were like, where do you want to go as fast this one? We're going to La so far. We'll try to make it there and just didn't go down at all that literally had less than a thousand bucks in a bank accounts. Just seriously struggling a lot. Matt is sort of work harder. Yeah, but ourselves out of our comfort zones and really push to try get to the next destination. You know, you guys are creating these amazing images, but there's also some behind the scenes that you know people don't see this some challenges. So I guess like finances was quite a big challenge for you guys. Yeah huge definitely because like I said, we weren't doing it for the money, so we weren't asking anyone for money, and I guess we soon realized that we sort of need that if we wanted to keep going and I'm not a networking. Being and then we're lucky enough to get an email from bus about saying like you've come at the perfect time. We were actually really need some people to take content for us around Europe. Literally at that point. We're going to go home because you're nothing. Yeah and just go back to our problem normal last really and then we went there and they set us up for three months sort of traveling around. We got paid a little bit but not much at all. It was mainly just expenses and free travel, which is obviously unreal. Yeah again, I wouldn't have to worry about any of that. So we spent three months in Europe which was sick and that kind of stuff. Yes went on from there. Really? Yeah. So when when did you guys decide to go your separate ways and sort of poor energy into your own personal projects. Yeah, we had a couple of challenges that we went through together that really affected the friendship as well or we wanted to get to it before it did affect your friendship. So yeah, fortunately I'd like one partner sort of pulled out and we started sort of have to start all over again. Yep, many other Jackson start all over again start a new account sort of thing and then after a year and then like this again, this is like it's a huge passion of mine this whole travel stuff and taking photos of heroic videography and I gave up, you know, you got about work to push likes big commitment for you. Yeah, and it was it was big commune for us and we had a lot of steak really that's that first time to a big toll on us and we didn't know what to do after that until her last will just keep it going and start another account start fresh. And so we did that. Yeah, a lot of behind-the-scenes stuff. So to have them for that and then after year the two boys Jackson sort of found their own past that sense. We spent probably the longest time we had spent at home over the summer. So we got really comfortable and got back to her roots and they got back into his training and Triathlon stuff and I guess I'll just sort of like both like yeah. This isn't who we are anymore. We kind of want to move on with what we want to do it and I was so respectful that in like stoked then that they really that had the guts to be like we were literally living the life, but it's not where I sort of want to go for now. Yeah, that's not the path. We want to To take Jason super super talented photographer. He and he want to take that path rather than your travel. Yeah travel stuff to me. I was just thinking how the hell can you drop this lifestyle? This is actually it for me. It was a dream come true to go. So you had like that burning desire inside of yeah. I want to explore this more. Yeah, and yeah, I'd be plants that. Yeah, and I was just like it was a big turning point for me. I was like super guarded and I didn't know what to do because I'd put everything into it and like I said, I was so happy. Guys and had held them against don't hold anything against him. Yeah, because I just try seeing that passion which is whatever and she knows what she wants and that's like such a good message for anyone listening as well. Like no matter how good of an opportunity you have. Like if you don't like it got to do what you want to do like you some would be like doing a job getting paid hundreds of thousands dollars and someone's like you have the tree and job but you might yourself might be like, no, it's not it might not aligned with like what your values are. Yeah. Can't just get can't get caught up in that. So I like that a lot from the boys stepping away from this whole Neverland boy Neverland boy stuff. I thought that took a lot of guts as well and it took a toll not only on me but on them as well to give up the whole three years of what we put into it. And then I guess I was still sort of that's the point where I was last year. So what do I want to do with myself? Yeah. That was the time. I actually met Brody as well my girlfriend found out to Brody. Yeah. She keep me Keep Me quiet level-headed and Kind of good period for me she supported me so much through that time and I struggle to definitely mentally as well because you can imagine having your dream job just take it away if you like that and yes, we could have kept it. I could have kept it going or got other people involved but it just wouldn't have been the same because we like we formed the group as mates. And yeah, that's it. That's all it was and all I ever was going to be not so much a business really and yeah, so for all the listeners out there, can they still check out the Instagram to see what you guys got? It up. Yeah, the old account still there. Yeah and still got a thing at YouTube. Like I said, we got hacked and we had to start afresh and serenity. Yeah, that was from my back in the first slot. Yes. We had lat 75 and then thousand and then we got locked out sort of thing. And that's like I said, we started fresh and but that account now which sucks. I don't know how what's happened to her. But I got that one got annoying because we were in active on it for quite a while. I guess I'm just hacked it too late. Everything and then change the name and I only found out from looking through who are followed and I was like, what is this account of number for this cow from? Yeah got it. And it was like your old account because you could you see that golden photos and Stockholm not everything was slated, but I saw everyone that was following it and obviously yeah, it was all made the connection. Yeah. Yeah. Oh that sucks because we've got it had a lot of memories on there. So yeah, but we do have the I think you to see laughs. I know I thought the world which is telling us something like this isn't meant to be yeah, which is fun. So what happened after that? It did you continue your travel travel Journeys or yeah. Yeah, like I said about photography traveling funny thing was when I met Brody, she's like well, I didn't plan to meet you right now, but I'm last year plan a big trip around Central America America and Europe as I got that's sweet. Secretly. We all like oh my God, that's amazing. Yeah, that's cool. But she's going to leave me now and then my personal kind of yeah, and then we can Got to know each other a lot over the next few months prior to her going and it's just like you should come and I was up literally, like I said, it was kind of all time to really perfectly like, yeah starts traveling the neverland voice and she came into my life and then she stopped writing songs. Like I'm just keep doing that. And so how did you actually meet Brody? Where did she sort of like coming to the she went to school with her? She was there you're above so I never really knew her yellow at all. And like I said, that was the time that we spent a lot of Of time at home. It was during the summer and I had a mate ski gone up at Jackrabbit Slims actually and we were there to watch the live music and I bumped into her obviously and yeah just kept raining since then like similar interests obviously both like traveling like music and then yes from pretty early stages. We went to Mexico with met her in Mexico spent like a month and a bit there. It's New York and then went back to Europe and spent five months on the road together, which is pretty cool. Yeah. You get to learn someone pretty quickly when you're traveling with those in trouble. Yeah them every day, which I think was pretty good like a lot of people and when they enter relationship I want to just ease into it. Yeah bottom sort of all in all that sort of God. I want to mess around like almost anyone else around so it was kind of good to just get to know us who quickly super early so I know like if I'm if we're both sort of in or out yeah, did you while you were traveling for that year did you take on any collaborations with companies throughout that period Adore, you just like I'm just going to disconnect for a bit and enjoy The Travelers or yeah, what did you do? It's a funny funny sort of thing like as much as I love what I'm I'm doing it definitely mixing sort of like passion and work together can take a bit of a toll like I said traveling so far, but if you're spending the whole time working and I say working it's wouldn't have it any other way, but it does get to the point where you just want to enjoy it like yeah, it sounds stupid stupid to say but Like I haven't had a holiday in a long time. We're having that to pick up a camera and just literally enjoy it. And like I said, it's the best job in the world. But sometimes we just want to take put the camera down and just take it all these take it all in and just be like James. I'm super lucky and I we did do that a lot over the period of time but it was never really a whole trip where we just went to just had fun together and just enjoy it. So I really want my wanted to make a point of that during the time of travel with Brody and just enjoy it as much as I could. So how How do you determine whether like if a brand does contact you how do you know if it's in alignment with your vision or who you are as a person? Because I'm sure you get lots of different DMS from random companies. Yeah, it gets a lot of random ones. But since studying never mind boys back in the day, we were super conscious about partnering with the wrong people or someone that we didn't align with because like I said, we were in it for the fun and not for the money, so we're never liked force from my end. We didn't want to do it and we definitely wanted to make sure it lines with us. So you spoke about before the importance of disconnecting. So what do you do to disconnect? Yeah, it's for me. It is very it's really hard and I do struggle a lot with it iPhone is pretty addicting as well. But since they're like a lot of my work is on line. I always have to be pretty active on there but lately instead of waking up and just go and try to my phone. I've tried to make a point of going down getting up early going straight to the beach. Just not have to think about anything. Yeah, just I guess it's always a source of meditation really just like to refresh the mind the started Saturday. Yeah. I did hear I'm on a podcast I'll lady was talking about her addiction to yeah going on like social media. So one strategy she uses is she actually each week moves the app around on her phone. So that way once you flicks to automatically click on it. It's not there so she's like oh and then she remembers. Oh, that's right. The obvious move so really like that's that's a way that you can sort of like Monitor and also using the airplane mode is just quite good that way you're not still in time and stuff in there as well as there's a lot of tools for it, but it is gentle yeah. Definitely. I'm sure you've got lots of things happening in 2020. What some goals for this year. I think the main goal for me is putting more time into myself ever since leaving High School spent like with the boys, it's always about it was about us as a whole and then I guess getting into her. Shit, like for me look put a lot of time into the other person. Yeah rather than me so it can be pretty tough to to work ourselves. Yeah. So yeah, that's definitely like a big goal of mine and then structure my life of little bit little bit better and still making those times for the trips, but definitely a lot more time to myself and say no more rather than just yes. Yes. Yes everything. Yeah, the power of know is yeah that's important. And so all the lists all the listeners out there make sure you take time in your week this week or in your day today to really do something that lights you up. So fill your cup up before you can ya gon feel other people's cups up because that's going to help improve your day and then day of others as well. Yeah. Sure. So exact if you could give your younger self some advice maybe you've just come out of high school. What would that be? Probably literally just don't force yourself to go into go into something you don't want to do. I guess I did want to go to UNI in some sense. But then the day I wasted three years and twenty something Grand on Sunday. I didn't up finishing but that's okay. Like I think something does take time to figure out what you really want to do. So if you're just like filling in the gaps with something that can probably better for you in the future that can be pretty important. It's also important to realize that it's okay not to have figured out straight away. Yeah. I understand like I'm always conscious of asking year 1112 students. You know, what? You want to do when you finish school because I remember being in that time not completely knowing or being clear on what I wanted to do. And I used to feel quite anxious when someone would you know, ask me that question and my response would be what I thought that they wanted to hear. Yeah, so it wasn't truly in line with what I felt and yeah just being totally honest here. So yeah, if you're a young person out there listening to this podcast and you're not completely sure on the direction that you want to go that Okay, and just remember that there's so many people in the same boat and if you can look for things that light you up and move towards that direction. I think that you're making a positive Choice. Also another point is that if you have to maybe work a job to fill in time so you can get to that next phase like myself. I'm about to launch some workshops, but I know that I need Financial Security so I can actually pour enough time into that. And so there's kind of like a food transition basis so that you sort of have to go through that's it. And in that end of the day, it's all about the why if you're doing the job you might not like it but if it's for that and then goal and that's super important for sure. So for a young creative, maybe someone who's tapping into the photography and videography industry. How can they find your presets and see examples examples of your prints and and work that you've done most of yeah, most have things Everything I do I post on my Instagram so which is just my name is a quite has 3 as 3 he's at the end if you look a lot of stuff I do I'll post on there. So print print wires I put on there and presets I'll put on there. I made it like a preset page as well which again like I need to put more time into but you just forget something sometimes and I'll try to put some tips up on there and what to do. But yeah everything that's on my website as well. So presets like one of They used for how do they how do they work? Yeah, probably should explain it because not many people do know basically a preset is like a filter for a photo. I'm so for me, I guess I found my own sort of style of the years I guess and I guess people started to life that style and always like I do like how do you edit your photos how to do this? I guess instead of explaining it to them. You can like for me I can give them the actual filter / preset. Yeah, so edit a photo save the settings and put it into a pack of other sort of Presets as well and then sell that online and what program do people need to to use so that it's all through Lightroom. I mainly only do I kind of figured out like if people have a camera there taking photos. They want to take the same sort of Step steps as mean to find their own style. Whereas if you're just taking photos on your photo could be on your camera as well. You have to fuss about that. You just want it to be quick and easy quick edits. It's all done sort of through Lightroom mobile the upside. They mostly do Lightroom mobile preset. It's I think it's just and it's kind of cool that people are like, oh, I like your like a edit photos and where can I find these sort of presets and at least I've got somewhere to send people now which is like a celebration originally why I started it. Oh, that's awesome. So I love also reflecting on a morning and thinking about something that I'm really grateful for. So in this current moment Zach, what's something that you are really grateful or lucky to have in life? I'm super super grateful to have Good support group around me and group of people. I think having a positive environment really sets you up for like a positive future and family and friends is super grateful for that sort of stuff and not having at the moment such a big Financial pressure on yeah, because I guess that's when you sort of fall into the route of doing something you don't want to do because you need to pay for it because obviously you need money at the end of the day. Yeah, just been surrounded by some super positive people like example called nibs on a Wednesday morning is a great example. Sample of something. I'm super grateful about it's taught me Community feeling. Yeah going to get up early for myself out of my comfort zone meet. You people getting some cold water. Yeah. That's awesome. I love to also share with that beautiful listeners about what I'm grateful for. So today, I'm really grateful to connect with you Zack and yesterday connected with Ali and Nick. So it's really nice to have that manager the manager connection and to go back to Like my Grassroots and say yeah, I really connect with people that are doing amazing things from the same town as me. So yeah. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you as well. So yes, it's been such an amazing time chatting with Zach today and to find out more about your travel Journey your experiences some challenges that you faced along the way. So thank you so much for sharing your love and your light on the podcast today. Thank you so much for having me. It's been cool to talk to everyone about About my life. Really? Yeah cold. Thank you. And thank you everyone for tuning into today's episode. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I as much as I've enjoyed chatting with Zack so leave us a five-star review that we can continue educating and motivating young people to live their best life love and light to you or I'm the happiest Georgia. You can connect with me on the socials at Georgia DOT Louise dot Perry have a fabulous day and remember go and kick some ass.