Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is Is balancing act right? You have all of these different facets, you know your family life your financial life your career life your you know, your kid's life your personal life your health, like all of these different things. It's like we're juggling right and you know, sometimes we have to drop the ball a little bit on one to pour more attention into another and and we have to really take time to decide what our priorities are. So we're not, you know, giving all this attention. And to one area and you know, maybe not knowing that we're sacrificing in another we always have to know that there's an opportunity costs in everything, right? We love to make awesome decisions. But we also have to know even if it's a positive decision to you know, maybe pour more into your career. We have to know that we're always giving something up. There's always an opportunity cost. What are you giving up to pour more attention time? And I mean just quality into something else, right? And so I personally have really really realized this I if you haven't been following along I just decided to step away from my coaching career again, I still believe in the products. I believe in the lifestyle. I love the workouts. I still do the workouts. I still use the products but the coaching, you know, the career part of it wasn't fulfilling me anymore. There was always just this pull to try other things to pour my attention to other places and again the opportunity of cost of me pouring all of my attention and time into and resources into coaching didn't allow me to pour any attention into these other facets of my life that were, you know, drawing me in so I did have to decide to walk away from coaching entirely meaning I walked away from the income. All of my amazing people I got to help and all of that stuff because I knew that in this time of my life. I needed to look for something different that was more fulfilling more challenging and allowed me to grow in a new way. So that being said this is more about what that's allowed me to see. So I've been I grew up in a very Christian family. I've always known about God I've always talked about About God my grandma is such a strong force in my life reminding me of messages and always bringing him back into you know, the Forefront of my mind and reminding me why things are happening and all of that jazz. She's just so good at speaking about Jesus and God in a very normal human way, right? She doesn't use it as this huge thing that I can't understand like sometimes I feel when I'm reading the Bible, but she just brings it back down to earth and Those little seeds you've planted over time, you know have made a really big difference but nothing compares to the personal experience of you know, going through something and being like wow, I need Jesus, right? And so I want to elaborate on this and I made an Instagram post and I kind of just want to read it and elaborate a little bit on it because I don't know if I could say it better than I did. So these past few days have allowed me to slow down. Step back and see more clearly than ever before. I finally understand how badly desperately and humbly I need Jesus after graduating. I ran as fast as I could into serving giving helping that I forgot to do the same for myself. I forgot to take proper care of my well-being my fans my financial life my family life my close relationships and so much more. So to elaborate on that. I was definitely taking care of myself, you know. working out and eating healthy and paying attention to my nutrition and I was definitely helping a lot of people and it's not like my finances were completely struggling but I definitely was not I wasn't taking care of my well-being in the way that like I said, I had all of these different things pulling me to and drawing me to pay more attention to them and I was kind of just denying everything and pushing everything away and saying no no, no, Oh, I'm I've got this like I know the way and I kind of was just so stuck on this one path and you know making sure it was successful. You know, I don't want to feel like a failure. I didn't want to I didn't want to give up on these people. You know, I was always about other people and the way that other people viewed me that I forgot to take care of my own well-being right? Like what fulfills me what is going to bring me closer to Joy and satisfaction and fulfillment. Belonging right? I forgot those things because I was in the service of others and I know that that's where I'm meant to be. I know that I will always be in a career that's serving other people, but I know that they're also again is a balance that can be found and I'm so down to find this balance that is that is definitely my focal point at the moment. And so yeah, I'll just continue reading it was like I thought this is huge. It was like I thought if I just ran an fast enough towards this one facet of my life. The none of the rest of it would catch up to me. I thought I could just continue on pretending that I was perfect and didn't need to be saved. The truth is we are all imperfect. We are all sinners and we all fail now. I hate that. I hate that right because again like we have this opportunity cost in life and and I was kind of forgetting about that. So when I was During all of this attention into coaching. What I really was doing is giving up all of these different facets of my life. I didn't really hang out with any of my close friendships. I didn't invest time in my family life. I didn't look at my finances as honestly as I should and there's a lot of other areas, you know, my well-being my fulfillment my satisfaction all of those things. I wasn't even paying attention to any more and they really suffered because of it and it's because I was putting all of my attention to Seriously, you guys I was spending every single waking moment coaching and I didn't have any balance. I and I know that there's coaches out there that have found this balance and I think that's awesome and know the reason that I walked away from coaching is not because of this balanced. I only realized it after I walked away and I again, I know there's coaches out there. You can really find balance in any career option. But what I'm saying here is is just illustrating what I realized after I walked away. And what I realized was that you know, it may look perfect on the outside to some right people were looking at my coaching career saying wow. She's so successful yet little did they know all of these other facets of my life were being sacrificed because of that success, right? So there was no balance. So continuing on it's just a fact of life The Human Condition even if you go out every single Day with the intention to do good and right by others, you will never measure up to Perfection no matter what you do or how hard you try. I used to hate this idea the idea no matter what I do. I'll never get it. All right, like what kind of life is that? What I was starting to understand or what I am starting to understand is that if there was no doubt fear or uncertainty in this life if it was all just perfect all of the The time then we would never feel compelled to grow or evolve and even if there was a way we managed to grow it would feel completely empty right like this. It is rocked my world you guys like once I took a step back I was like, you know, I was pissed off. I was like, I love to be perfect. I love to do good. I love to serve others. I was like, okay, so you're telling me that no matter how good no. Matter how honest and and appreciative and grateful and all you no matter how amazing I try to show up in this world. I'm never going to be perfect. Well then like wow, what am I doing? Right like it made me feel defeated at first. I was like well then what's the point but then I had this aha moment and I was like wait like if that wasn't the case like if we got to Perfection, you know. Say you're like 23 or you're 33 or you know at some point people were achieving Perfection. They would just sit in that Perfection and not do anything right there would be no draw to go challenge yourself to go put yourself out there to go connect with people right? I'm going to elaborate on this but you know, like just think about a perfect life if you had everything that you needed. You would probably just be kind of a lame human being right like you would never if you just look back on your life. At least. I look back on my life every single struggle that I've gone through every single hard time failure sin that that is what drives me to be better not like think back like the good times, but they don't drive me to be better. I'm like, no I got that that's good. I don't need to do anything. Are right you guys this shook my world. Like I know that I like already understood this in some way. But is this is deep now like I get it. I finally get it. So I say go ahead have your Perfection, but just know that you're giving up all the joy meaning and belonging to if you were perfect. I'm pretty positive that you wouldn't be here. You need the guarantee of failure. To kick your booty into action to take that leap to keep you grateful to keep you fulfilled to fill your heart or to fix your heart on progress to cultivate meaningful connections to learn the lessons. I'm starting to think that there's no progress or Joy or anything good in Perfection. There is no pure joy satisfaction or deep love without the face plants there is That is in the failures. That we find the magic. Okay. It is in the failures that we find the magic that we're looking for because it is in the Journey of becoming I love this. Like if I could just capture three words the journal for the journey see I'm not perfect the Journey of becoming. Oh that gives me chills because that is this life right? We're just becoming we don't ever become we don't ever you know, Get to Perfection and tell, you know, we pass on to the next life and were saved by Jesus and all that jazz, but it is the Journey of becoming that holds all the glory and the glory is in being saved time and time again, the True Glory is in how we stand back up. Let me elaborate on that right? Like it's not how you got knocked down or why you got knocked down or you You know what you could have done to not get knocked down. Right? Like we're all trying to get get this world in a way and fix it in a way so that we never fail and it's like well what why right because it that's not what your defined by if you if you sit there and you sulk and you never do anything after that, then sure. Yeah that defines you but those failures don't Define you what you do after that defines you right how you stand back? How you get back up? What you do next is what's important? So I guess what I'm saying, is that what I'm realizing is that I need Jesus like who I need them and I always have because he completes me in ways that I never could and was never meant to right. Okay, you guys that that's everything like this. I know. That this is the lesson that I was meant to learn in this in this season in his chapter of my life like God was saying like Okay sister like you've been trying to be perfect. Like you've been trying to do all these things on your own you think you're perfect you think you're doing everything right? And it's not that I don't think that I think of perfection as like, oh, I'm better than everyone else. I thought of perfection as being you know, being good and doing my best and I really thought that there was this level Of life where you were doing everything right? And you did get it. All right, like it wasn't again. Like it wasn't this like egotistical like I'm better than you. It was like, I'm my best me and I and I really did feel that and and it was God saying wake up wake up sister because you are missing so many other facets of your life that you forgotten and you're thinking you're living And in this illusion that you've got it. All right, and you're forgetting about the other pieces of you that are imperfect and you need to look at those pieces so that you can be saved. If you think you're perfect. You don't feel like you need God you don't feel like you need to be saved by Jesus. right this life is kind of just I don't know meaningless. And then when you realize like oh wait, maybe this life is you know, this big big canvas to improve right? It's just this journey of becoming you can take this weight off of your chest saying I don't I don't have to be perfect because I can't be perfect. Like there's literally no possible way for me to be perfect now. I don't think that we need to give up. Action, I think that we should keep that perfect. You know it, you know, like you look at that perfect life. I love doing vision boards. I love dreaming. I love you know saying these are all the things all of you know, looking at all the facets of my life and saying well, this is what it would look like if it was at its peak. I love that you need to have that Vision because that's what's going to keep you on the right road, but we got to give it up like we gotta give it up in the way that we say. Okay. Well, I know that's where I'm headed, but I'm never going to get there right? I'm never going to get all the way there. But I think the Journey of becoming is going to surprise us more and invalidate us and make us fulfilled and satisfied and joyful and like we belong way more than that. Perfect thing ever could Right, but it's good to have a name. I think it's so important to have an ideal like an ideal in your life. Right? I think that's so so perfect. And so amazing, but again like we got to stop measuring ourselves up to perfection. Again, you can always be reaching towards it always be improving and growing and evolving and challenging yourself so you can get closer to it, but I don't think we get there until we go to heaven right? I don't think that this Earth experience is about getting there. It's about getting closer there. It's about learning all of the lessons on the way there. It's about growing as you walk on the path to Perfection, but it's about perfection we got to give it up. And I don't know this I had to share this in in a podcast too because I just feel like it didn't get portrayed in my words. I love writing, but there's something about speaking that is so much deeper. So thank you guys so much for listening. Please recommend this to your family and friends if you feel compelled and again, I'm so so grateful for you being here. Thank you so much. Bye.