In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the Today so last episode we talked about everything everything but we did lead into at the very end what we're going to talk about on this episode. And that is what is The Stereotype of what crazy looks like. What is borderline our childhoods how me and fame met and then leading into the stereotypes making it hard for us to be diagnosed. First. I think we should talk about what borderline personality disorder is considering that as one of our what we've both been diagnosed with it, right? So according to the National Alliance of mental illness borderline personality disorder is a condition characterized by difficulties regulating emotion, which honestly is like the most accurate way. I've read it put yeah because I don't feel like that's ever how its characterized and then so there are nine criteria for you to get diagnosed. You have to fit five of them. Pretty sure I fit all of these wait a second five out of nine. Yeah, five out of nine you have to hit and so if you don't hit those what then you don't have it, okay. Yeah. Okay. All right. See I don't know these things and I mean that's just how does me you know, you don't have it guys you can't sit with us, but honestly, like even when I was diagnosed I was like, holy shit. I have all nine who came up with this list. There's the DSM-5 which is the American Psychiatric association's Diagnostic and statistical. Manual which I'm not going to read their criteria. I'm going to read a slightly like less verbose way to put all of these because those are just I feel like they use terminology. That might be confusing. But yeah, so there are all these things I do feel like a lot of people experience a lot of these things outside of borderline. Yeah, which also I think makes it hard to figure out what you have if you have it. But anyway, yeah, what are these nine? So the first one is Frantic efforts to avoid real or perceived abandonment. So if you're being abandoned you do granting. Yeah, like desperate attempts to so like oh great example, actually the other day I woke up and my husband was leaving our home and I are I thought he left without saying goodbye to me and I was like half asleep and I woke up and I ran to the door and I was like durrani and then I realize he'd already left hours ago. And I was like, wow, there's some deep-seated abandonment problems there the fact that I like woke up forgot. He had already left. It was like Wait, so there's an example. Also if you think people are abandoning you so I have friends that I think like have this and it's like hey look I you know have this issue in our friendship and they're like, why are you leaving me and it's like I'm not I'm just telling you that I have these issues at you know that we should work through some of these things and they think that I'm just like leaving them. Yeah, whereas I've done some things where it's like I'm in an argument with someone and They're like I need to step away and I'm like, so you're leaving and you're never coming back. So I might lock them in my room. I'm not going to let them leave me if somebody didn't respond to me like before I you know, really got help for this. I would be like or didn't text for a long period of time. I'd be like, oh my God, they hate me now and they're leaving. They're never coming back like my boyfriend. My husband would ever like they're done with me when there's like no context or reason to think that so that's what that means. We're it's like perceived abandonment. It's not real. It's in my mind. So frantic efforts to avoid real or perceived abandonment number two, unstable relationships that alternate between idealization like I you know, I love you and devaluation. I hate you and it's also sometimes called splitting so it's like borderlines are very very known for black and white thinking where it's like either this person is the best person I've ever met in my life or their worst and there's no kind of like in between Ween noveria. Yeah at all. That's the best way that I can explain it. There's a book called. I hate you. Don't leave me that I feel like that title is perfectly borderline. So I thought they would recommend to people. Yeah, absolutely. If you have to know somebody that's borderline. You think you might have it. I think it's I've bought it for my mom. I bought it for a boyfriend. You know, it's a real stockings text. Definitely. Hey, you want to know why my friend doesn't work, right. There you go. But what was the name of the book again? I hate you. Don't leave me which is also a feel like a great name for a cat's literally that's unrelated splitting is I talked about it briefly last episode but splitting is why I ended up creating another version of myself in my head to disassociate and have no empathy because it's basically a coping mechanism where it's like I either love you but then I put all my effort in there and I'm out of style. Yep, or it's like I have absolutely No feeling for you. So you're not going to affect my mental state and right when the healthy thing is for most people like you can acknowledge people in their wholeness. Like they are neither good nor bad fully like we all have flaws. We all have good things and that's a normal healthy way to look at a person not like you are perfect. You are my everything or you are shit. It's you are a lot of things and that is okay, which I think that's I struggled very much with like extreme kind of black and white thinking which is not normal number. Unstable or distorted shifting identity and self image which affects moods values opinions goals and relationships. So basically, yeah your own self-image. It's kind of constantly shifting and you know, you're either mine was not always very mine was typically not great. I think both of you said you have all you show symptoms of all nine of these. Yeah. Okay. So how does this one relate to either of you? I mean this again comes back to the splitting like I didn't even know who I was. Yeah, I felt like I didn't know who I yeah was as a person and like this weird thing where you look in the mirror and you're like, who is that? Yeah, what something happened then to catapult you into a different thought of you being somebody else. Yeah. I never thought I was like somebody else but it was like I never knew who I was like, I knew I was Phelan, but I didn't know what that meant is that makes sense like most people like at the end of the day, they know they have themselves no matter what bad things happen to them or whatever and I never felt That I never knew I could count on myself. My self-esteem was not high and my self-image. There are a few things that I held to be true. You know, I'm I'm a good actor. I'm funny. I'm whatever but I never really liked really my identity kind of shifted depending on like how much validation I got that day or if that makes sense. You know how much I was seeing or you know stuff like that where I had I literally had a complete other illusion of myself. Like I legitimately had a whole set. Separate Vernon version of myself in my head that I started being like am I more like her or am I more like this person? Am I a sociopath do I hate everyone do I want to you know hurt people and do this or am I who everybody else sees where it's like this caring empathetic person. And so that was really hard for me because like she said I was looking in the mirror and I saw the evil version of myself. So it was hard and I'm like trying to explain to people I'm like, no I'm evil and they're like, well, you don't you shouldn't need to tell me that if that's what you are. So yeah, I was felt like I never really my insides never match my outsides and vice versa like everything was always kind of like, I don't know Pangea of myself. Like I guess more rapid. This is a stupid analogy, but you know, like everything was just kind of always moving around for me. Does that make sense great? Okay. So number four is impulsive and self-destructive behaviors that can have dangerous outcomes such as excessive spending unsafe sex substance abuse reckless driving. Oh, I feel this one in every great kind of my pot of myself great times. Which for me I did this like, you know every day as a way to distract a way to feel high to feel alive, maybe like obviously now I'm like, oh it was a way to mass like all of the pain. I was in all the time. Yeah. Mine was definitely I just couldn't feel anything and I needed those to make me feel something. I felt everything right and I wanted to feel something not so terrible it also which we'll get into a lot of these and a big issue with being misdiagnosed as a lot of these also go hand in hand with other mental illnesses. This is a big thing with Mania in bipolar, which I also have so What a fun little Melting Pot. I used to go off my meds. And every time I would go off my meds I get in a car accident. So what yeah, like I don't I just I used to get in one every time I would get really emotional. So I stopped driving when I was emotional because I would run into things like one time. I rolled my car and my mom showed up on the scene. She didn't even she wasn't even like I'm so glad you guys are okay. She's like you stopped taking your medication and Of the cops and I'm just like, oh my God, please please stop. I know you stopped taking your medication. Tell me tell me right now. Like well, I thought I was doing better. That's that's crazy. But yeah, and I thought we weren't using the word crazy. No, we're reclaiming crazy. We're all a little crazy. Yeah crazy is a fun word five self-harming behavior, including suicidal attempts or threats think this. Is kind of self-explanatory. What's number six number six is Extreme emotional mood swings. I never knew why I was like super high is super low lows like felt everything in such extremes and like would react in ways that I was like why am I reacting like this? And again, it's noted. It's different than bipolar mood swings where that is a chemical imbalance in your brain. This is like they were saying you're reacting to literally everything to an extreme. So anyway, so Ask like you could go from I know you in bipolar you have like Rapid Cycling where it could be like you go from happy or sad like very quickly, but this is very quickly. Yeah, like I would leave work happy and all of a sudden I'm balling and be like what and not have enough self awareness to understand all of the vulnerabilities that let me to that place or someone texts UK and all of a sudden. It's like I can't even that's a whole other episode. How dare you bring can do this if you text chaos, There how dare you because it's wrong. It's wrong. Also, I've done it right great. No because you were angry at something. So you just text me Kay. Did you purposely text que? No, it's someone I dated somebody that like that was our like it was funny like where it was like a and it's like, oh you Cade me, lull, you know, but if I'm mad, yeah. Alright. I try not to be passive aggressive like that. I usually just like say home feeling now, but I've done it in the past. Yeah. I try not to be like, okay. Just look at those rims in there. They're empty. You know? Okay. Okay. Okay Lenny hateful number seven chronic feelings of boredom and emptiness don't die. I feel like this one is super tied to the impulse stuff like for me all of that was just trying to feel like the boredom. Yeah and like the void that I didn't really fully understand and the shifting identity. They all kind of go hand in hand. Like I never felt Felt like a whole person and it was like always an attempt to fill those things and I definitely think the boredom is a lot of borderlines tend to start chaos because they thrive on it. I always said there's a period of time where I was like, I just want to like my life on fire. Yeah, and I did I was like, I'm going to take a match and I'm just going to destroy everything. It's like what can I self destruct today? Because there was always some kind of Chaos in my life and now looking back I'm like, oh my God, so painful. Like her because stability was you know, I'm so afraid to be like boring ordinary have stability and I would use a light it on fire watch it there. And that's my my villain Voice number eight inappropriate intense. I love that you she just pointed for me to read this one because all of them, but this is me, like that's why it's funny that this that was not intentional inappropriate intense and uncontrollable anger often followed by shame and guilt this one. One is the most that I've struggled with personally because I feel like I never wanted to be viewed as sad I didn't want to be the sad girl. So I was like, I'm just going to have rage. Yeah, I'm gonna have rage and I think that I mean anger is definitely a masking emotion. Oh, yeah, it's never just angered her tits, right everything else which is why it's Fallen by shame and guilt. I know there's so many times. I would just like go psychotic and I had a issue with violence towards other people when I was younger then all of a sudden I'm like cried and I'm just like I'm so sorry that I put you through that like I'm a piece of shit all this stuff, but it's like you can't help it and just fucking angry out of nowhere. That was one of the biggest things that I've had to work on personally. Yeah. I mean, I definitely struggle with it too. And I didn't realize I was never really like allowed to get angry as a kid. Kid, like it wasn't something that you express like I'm from the south and it's like you don't like ladies don't get mad. You know, like you just like you don't express anger and I remember getting to college and my teacher was like, I went to theater School. Sorry, my teacher was like get mad and I was just confused and I got so mad that I was like crying and and then after that like once you kind of break that open, I just my anger was displaced and I would always I always get mad at like small things. It's never like big life things that I get upset about. It's like that person that cuts me off in traffic and I have a reaction that is just so not justified. Like it's always something so small and I'm like And it just it made me want to like cut their faces off and wear it as a mask. And that's not normal. I don't think and I think big things I would say. No, it's I have never once thought I'm going to cut somebody's face. I'm gonna do it and wear it as a mask. I might but like I'm and then I'm like, oh my God. I'm so ashamed that that's that's something in me. But I'm also like I'm like weirdly empowered by it which weirds me out to where I'm like, I like this part. Myself and it's it's all very confusing. Number nine. This is kind of brings them all together which is disassociative feelings disconnecting from your thoughts or sense of ability sense of identity or out of body type of feelings, which is stress related paranoid thoughts. So it's kind of like what you were describing earlier, which I did this. I think I was so stressed out after moving one time that I like. I felt like I was watching myself from like Above like live my life. It was the weirdest Out of Body Experience how I describe it is I have a glass room in the back of my head and I was some Black Mirror Sherry. Yeah have a glass room in the back of my head. And the other version of myself is in there. If I start feeling just a little bit of anxiety. She just is pacing in the back of the room and then when she feels me getting weaker and weaker, she starts tapping on the glass and then all of a sudden it's like And she takes me into the glass room and now she's taken over my body and now this literally is an episode of Black Mirror. Yeah it is. I feel like I should write a script that's terrifying. I don't know that I've experienced something quite that terrifying mine has been I think a lesser level. That's very scary. Yeah, and that was like an everyday occurrence. I have like three poems written about it because it was always happening. Yeah, so that's borderline like the nine criteria should we recap all nine then alright, recap frantic efforts to avoid real or perceived a bannermen to unstable relationships, three, unstable distorted self-image for impulsive and self-destructive behaviors that can have dangerous outcomes such as excessive spending on safe sex substance abuse or reckless driving five self-harming behaviors, including suicidal attempts or threats 6 it extreme emotional mood swings 7 chronic feelings of boredom and emptiness eight inappropriate intense and uncontrollable anger and nine together now dissociative feelings. I thought you guys were going to sing that last one this house had a feeling my album coming soon everybody. So what was your first recollection of someone saying hey, have you gone through this list? You know what I'm saying? Like, you know what I'm asking what kind of oil The therapist is super nonchalant. She doesn't want you to think that that's what especially for people like me and Faye were were very self-aware. We know a lot of psychology terms. So it was more she was asking things in very nonchalant manner where she's like, oh, do you ever self harm in any way doesn't necessarily mean cutting or you know, threatening suicide just any form of self-harm which like do you go on spending sprees? Do you feel like you have sex with people you shouldn't do you feel like you know exactly who you are at all times like basically asking the questions, but also it seems like she's kind of just making conversation and then she's noting at all and then at the end she's like you of borderline. I'll see my experience was nothing like that really know. I was in hold ones that one second. How old are you? Chubby, I'm 26. So how old were you when you found this out? I was 21. Yeah, and you're about five years ago. I don't want to say why don't you know, but mine was old mine was a year ago. Yeah. Okay, but that's also I had had like like anxiety and depression really like since I was like 16 and been in like, you know, like traditional therapy and on and on off to press it and I depressants for like 10 years and then when I moved out here, I just I don't know. I don't think I ever realized it because you know, I'm an actor and I have a lot of emotions that I'm like trying to be sensitive and view everything. You know, it's like I don't think I really like new and then I don't like I just I kept making the same mistakes and like the same patterns and creating chaos, and I just like I couldn't be happy in any capacity and that's key because people need to No, you can go to a psychic and they can diagnose you bipolar right then but borderline has to be like repeated situations. So that's why it takes so long to get diagnosed because they have to make sure that it's not you're just going through something at that specific time and needs to be years of proven destructive behavior. And like when I was I think 20 something around there like a different therapist many many years ago was like, I think you're bipolar. And I talked to my mom about it and we were both like that doesn't really fit because I don't have Mania right? I've never really felt that so that didn't seem like it if fit me at all, you know, so I was just like, okay like I'm depressed but nothing ever helped and I was with this one therapist for many many many years and I started watching Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, which is a show about borderline and I think I don't know just starting. Researching all of the things I was feeling so through that and through watching the show and through a conversation that we had which I know will like talk about is how I figure it out. Hey, I think I might have this I my therapist was like, oh, yeah, you definitely fit the criteria, but I don't diagnose you because you don't have because you have so much self-awareness and I was like that is almost worse because then, you know, you're in a cage and you have no way out almost like there's such a stigma with it that even therapists don't want to burden you. You with that diagnosis and I was just like no then send me somewhere. Yeah, I need to know what I have so I know how to fix it. So, how did then how then did you find out? So she gave me a name of a couple places the only treatment really that is like proven to help with or line is called DBT. It's called dialectical behavioral therapy, which I know we're going to talk about in another episode and there are various places in Los Angeles that can give us a brief for that what DBT is yes, Yes, it's a type of cognitive behavioral therapy and instead of just like talk therapy. DBT is kind of a very it was like for me it was six months of group once a week and individual therapy once a week. You have like a workbook and it's basically actually starting to do it in elementary schools in Ireland, which I think is really amazing because it's just like every person needs this and it to me is the best way I can describe it as like rewiring how you think about yourself and other people you're learning in Effective communication skills and distress tolerance and emotional regulation which is all things that come from borderline. We just we don't have the tools to kind of like monitor. All of our impulses are basically relearning how to be a person how to be a person and it changed to me like every the way I think is so different than how I used to think. Thank God, but I called she gave me the name and I was like and then my life. Need to get worse and six months later. I was like either I have to call and like start this or I don't know how much longer I can live like this. Like I'm going to make my life worse or I'm I don't I didn't know what I would do at that point like to me there was just I was in so much pain that I really didn't have a choice. I was like, I have to get help and we're saying they would not physical. No, I was in so much. I don't even know how to describe it. Like I just everything hurt like Like emotionally like I just was in so much pain and I just did not want to be alive anymore. So I went to this place and I got a diagnosis and I started treatment shortly thereafter. I know from me I had been dying. Well, I had been in therapy since I was eight and then in when I was about 13 is when I started the suicidal thoughts and I basically was labeled the sad girl in school and I mean we're diving into this whole subject but basically was everyone's like you're pretty you, you know, you're in a lot of sports you're in dance. Like there's no way that you can be depressed. Meanwhile, I'm like busting down in tears randomly at school and then they diagnosed me with depression and they put me on antidepressants and they weren't working so they started up in my meds up in my meds. And so I would go off because technically I'm bipolar so when On an antidepressant it's it's an upper. So when you're bipolar if you go into mania and you're on an antidepressant all of a sudden, you're getting blasted upwards and that's why I started getting in car accidents and I ended up having a manic episode where I was running up and down the street taking my clothes off slamming my head into walls threaten and kill myself and there were like you have bipolar. Well then I got a medication. And I you know fix my life after years of being on medication, but then it still was not right like my mood swings were under control. My life was under control but I still was having this other version of myself and it basically was like I couldn't go outside without wanting to hurt someone and it was like you said like I turned around and I realized my whole world was about to fucking explode. load and it wasn't until my manager at Hooters pulled me into the office and was like You know I care about you and I don't want to have to fire you but the girls are now like afraid of you because of her right was this recently know this was this was when I was 21. It was just you were here and yeah, Los Angeles this 1015. This is what I've the year year. Is that your bag here? That's my bad year last year. Yeah. So he basically was like you need to get in there. Poppy otherwise, we're going to have to be forced to fire you. So that was a therapist that I got into that finally was like you're borderline and then everything changed and what a relief right? I mean for me it was like we've talked about this I was giddy. Oh, yeah. No, I was like, oh my God, there's a reason I'm not alone makes sense. There's a reason that I want to like rip my skin off and just like hide shall be helped me kind of put a lot of the dots together as far as like, Borderline because you met me I met you like six months before I got my diagnosis. I think when I was like kind of inhale and you drove me home and we were I don't know how we got like on the subject or whatever, but you yeah, I don't know but I was like describing all the stuff and what really really I remember what what the moment I was like. Oh my God, like I think I definitely borderline because I had like thought thought it before and I had described it as like being in the sunken place. Yes, I mean, you know in a mental health way where it was and that's I read your blog and you had used the exact same phrase to describe what it felt like and I was like, oh my God, we have the same thing. Yeah. The second place is a reference to get it out. Right which in no way like am I claiming to you know mean it in a racial or you know, like I'm not claiming to know that experience for me what that meant was I didn't I well justjust a brown person to be just just to be like Like I don't want anybody to misconstrue what I mean. It just it was like somebody else was what we talked about the dissociative kind of like somebody else was kind of driving the train and I was just like could not it was crazy because when she said it I was like, oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Wait, I like pulled up my website and I was like, look at this. Look at this and she was like, oh my gosh, and then I was like, okay, I'm gonna give you my website, you know, read it. Let me know if you were. Relate to it. She text me that night was like well, yeah, all of it was so emotional because it's like, you know, you think you know, I have some really great friends and you know, you talk about it with people but you feel unless you're in it like you don't really get it because it's a very strange series of things that you're feeling where you're like, I feel like I don't know who I am and I want to rip my face off and let my life on fire and people are like hmm. I feel like and that's when I exit. Good night. Yeah, and I was just like a really I know we talked a lot about to which you know, we had such different we touched on it last time like such different childhoods and yeah going to go into your child. Yeah, like upbringings my childhood. Should I sit on this couch and recline this couch that doesn't exist. It's dive into your childhood. I dove into my chest. There are a lot of things that I want to say, but like What am I gonna say? Where do I even write this you have? All these notes in front of all the do why I have so many things to say and I wanted to tell her that I should say that Phelan hilariously has I don't know dozens of pieces of paper in front of her for notes and yet rights on her hand as soon as she needs to remember something. It's another perfect example of us being Polar Opposites. I just think so type A, it's really really not I come and she's like, I have a packet for you like, okay, it's funny cause it's true. Like I hate myself, but I don't feel like I'm not gonna say that good. Um, okay, so childhood. Yeah, one of the things shall be and I talked about in the car that night when I figured it out was I never felt like I had to the most people who have borderline come from abuse sexual abuse emotional abuse like some form of and that was not my experience growing up. So I was always like how did I get here? I didn't feel like I had the right to claim that I didn't have the right to claim like Drama, that word is always made me like kind of blinking a lot like just I'm like, I don't you know, like traumas such a big word and like I don't have trauma that's unfair. How did I get here? So yeah, like when I was when I was growing up, I was taught, you know, I had a really good childhood. I was like, you know Southern and privilege and educated and had a very, you know, idyllic childhood for all intents and purposes and the like for my very young age like I would dream of like some laughing cuz it's So sad like poor baby Fela, I would dream about like murder and like my parents being murdered and like being dismembered and like fires and natural disasters and just death like a and like kidnappings. I wouldn't even like ride my bike down my driveway because I was like going to get kidnapped. So the what about me as a person and my love for True Crime, um, like I'm so scared people leaving me which I think was I had some people died early on in my life, you know where this came from? How's life drama? I right I have no I think it was honestly no, I say past laughs gasps that that is a thing people think sometimes I personally think that it was from my mother has been very traumatic things happen in her life. And I think that kids pick up kids pick up on I think she was so scared to have people in her life die or leave her that I picked up on that unknowingly and it was and my dad also was was very much like Kind of programmed us to be like did you lock the door? Did you check the stove is the door locked the door locked as the alarm on the door locked like everything was just very I mean I'm still like that, you know paranoid. So I think a series of things kind of built that into me and I got really bad OCD as a kid. Like I was washing my hands until my Knuckles bled and I did these weird little gestures and like repeated thoughts like oh if I my socks get wrinkly like my parents will die like weird OCD things. And my mom was like baby. You have to stop that. Like I just she just you know, you have to stop it's just bad, you know, and I like willed myself out of it. Like I think they thought I was going to have to be like, you know taken away somewhere but I just stopped I mean all kind of stay but I stopped doing like the outside stuff. So then it just turned into like that anxiety and depression and then in high school, I just got like I was got like really good grades and I was like kind of like perfect. I mean I'm you know, obviously not a perfect person but like I I was like, I was like president of everything and like I'm out. I really good grades and was you know an athlete and in plays and just I not a lot of this manifested in college and I just had such bad problems in romantic relationships and was never happy and people are always like it's because you haven't found the right person, but it was just I always felt like there was something wrong because I would just like destroy things in my life like relationships romantic relationships or make choices. I knew I shouldn't have And just it was something like whack-a-mole with my impulses if that makes sense. It's like one would pop up and I would smack it down and then like another one would pop up. And yeah, I just I like cheated on basically every partner I ever had and I was like, I think there's something here that is like deeper than what I know because that doesn't align with who I am as a person in any way and I felt like there was like in a like something that was Some void that I was missing or something. So the perfect example of it's one of the one of the nine, isn't it? Yes. Yeah, but what does crazy look like? She's saying, you know from the outsider's perspective. I'm perfect. I'm I have great greens my family life's perfect. I mean, you know all these different activities, but internally, she's dealing with all this stuff and that's a big reason why I took so long to get diagnosed because she's super self-aware. She's Cover shit. She's type A personality. She's organized. There's no way she could be diagnosed borderline. And that's when it all comes back to what does crazy look like. So we have the opposite Spectrum, which is me. I mean, it doesn't get more opposite. Really I grew up in a very violent home a very angry home anger was more of how we showed love. So it was like it was the opposite of Fae. We're in my life fighting and violence and all Of that was worth fighting for each other's love like we're showing each other love and I have never met my real dad. But my dad who adopted me is amazing and he never made me feel like I wasn't his but there was always these little comments that they were making because my biological father is diagnosed narcissistic schizophrenic. So we would always make these little comments where they're like, oh you're crazy like John. I have a diary entry from fourth grade where I'm like, Everyone says that I'm going to have mental illness and now I think I'm depressed because I want to die if if people are telling you you're crazy from Little on yeah, it was like I started finding identity in it. And then at home, I'm dealing with all of this chaos and all of this violence and it was the same thing. My mom had a lot of trauma that she wasn't dealing with that. She was projecting onto me and over time. It just was like then I was bringing it into school and I'm sad and I'm I'm trying to talk to boys and tell him that I want to kill myself so that they'll talk to me. I know right and what's crazy is like at the time I knew that there was like a lot wrong with me. But since I had found so much identity in it. It was just like well, this is who I am and there's no way I can change it and that's why I like I started being so open about it that some people were like, okay. Well, this is clearly for attention. Like you there's no reason that you should be talking about it this much unless it's for attention or I'm like, I'm trying to help other people. I'm trying to bring awareness to you guys did people come to you and say things like that. Yeah, well around you at least to where you could so first it started with Facebook came out and people were making statuses like, oh you should overdose on your depression pills. Yeah. No, I had a very people are so laws for a second people were posting that on your I'm yeah, I'm Facebook on my page that is and people were like spitting on me in the Halls throwing things at me. They would call me every weekend prank. Call me and be like, oh, are you gonna kill yourself this weekend? Like the fact that you were sitting here and your you is remarkable because that is absolutely that is anyone that knows me now is like Wait. No, that's more than any person should have to and never have to endure. Yeah. Yeah, so then when I got into high school I ended up getting with this guy who he had also had a very abusive childhood. He also had a lot of chaos. I was like, oh finally, you know someone I connect to and then he got really violent and like sexually abusive emotionally abusive, but at the same time I'm thinking oh, this is normal like he loves me. He's showing me that he loves me and it was just now his go-to argument was well, you're crazy. No one else is going to love you. That is textbook. If anybody's in a relationship like that run because it's not true. It's not true facts. It's textbook. It's textbook manipulation and abuse that is that is the that is one of the things that it that is emotional abuse people being like, well nobody's ever gonna know they're gaslighting you and what's crazy is like he would he would do that as he's hitting me. So like right and then it's your fault, right? And then I'm thinking okay. Well clearly I'm deserving to be hit right now because I'm being crazy. How old are you again? At this point 17 that's 16 is it's just so crazy to me that my brain also works the same way obviously, like my my experiences were not you know that but my brain is always I was like, oh, I deserve bad things. I'm a bad person. I deserve to die always stuff like that. That which is like which I didn't say like my my child was looking just like emotionally invalidating I had issues with like one family member who is like very very verbally abusive to me and was like, you're fat. You're ugly you're disgusting, you know, well and you have your mom being like you can't be angry. You can't be sad anymore said that like, my mom was so loving and so supportive. I just think it's a southern thing. That's like why are you upset and it's like I'm not upset. I'm just passionate like that's a very emotionally invalidating. Yeah. We're it's like wow, you don't even see me or or Bronte my emotions. Correctly, so I think that that all for me was like that like debutante like the which I was I was W, that's what's the recipe for her. What's the pet pageant? That's the word? Yeah agent girls have it's like a the southern kind of yeah, they carry the which I was like, I wasn't like I was weird and like myself but it's so it's very strange to me that I thought like, I don't know. I just felt listen here though. I yeah, I think that I just I kept everything in so much. That yeah and everything was kind of sorry. I'd like totally interrupted you I just everything everything was my fault and there's so much guilt and shame in everything and it's just crazy to me that like our experiences could be very very different and the thinking aligned. Yeah, it's definitely how did you get out of this the relationship relationship and didn't you did you recognize even at 16 or 17 that outside of it being being bad that both yourself and this person had problems that are deeper than yeah. I would say, you know the abuse and yeah, I was diagnosed bipolar during that relationship and so a lot of the abuse and I was experiencing again comes back to I really thought that it was my fault because I was I was so Chaotic and I thrived on the chaos that it was almost like I needed it at the same time. And then I ended up going on to American Idol when I was with him and he ended up. Well, he had already cheated on me before but he ended up basically cheating on me and saying oh, you know, you're going to leave me and it was the perfect like it was just two borderlines in a relationship like it literally it was like Run, he was like, you're gonna leave me you're gonna blow up you're going to do this. And then what's the craziest thing about? The whole thing is I just gone dies diagnosed bipolar I go on the show and I'm just nonchalantly talking about like, oh, yeah, you know, I just got diagnosed with this like music helps me with it. And then I ended up blowing up for talking about it. It's one of the most famous clips of that of For you, right? Yeah where it says. I just want people to know that bipolar doesn't Define who you are. It doesn't it doesn't and do we know the statistics of how many people are diagnosed bipolar. Is there a percentage on that? I'll look it up. I'm pretty sure it's like one in five said that hi. I'm pretty sure okay. I'll look it up for the yeah for the next episode The bipolar episode. I think people are so ashamed to talk about all this stuff and it's like a big thing for you. You especially what year was that? Like that was 2011-2012? Yeah, I mean, I think you know now I think it's kind of trendy to talk about mental illness all things were so I mean so much is still taboo and especially then like, well it even I mean it came out and then everyone was on Facebook being like Oh makes sense why she'll be so fucked up like she's bipolar. She's crazy. But for me, I was like fuck all of you. Like I just got on National Television. Y'all are still mad. Because I am quote-unquote crazy and then that boyfriend ended up cheating on me with my best friend and Idol basically like saved my life because I finally felt like I was good enough. It was like, I mean, it's the greatest validation and then I ended up going off my medication because it ended up giving me a lot of side effects. I got sick and during a manic. I was like, I think I'm gonna move to California. And here we are. I think it's so what am I trying to say? I think it's so important to remember that in all of this like at least four borderline that it yeah, like I mean any mental illness or health problems like it doesn't Define you it's a part of you you don't have to feel you know eventually I'm now I'm like way to open if that's a thing about my borderline because I feel like nobody knows what it is and there's so much shame and guilt around mental illness when it's like why so many of us struggle and there's so many more, you know, I'm sure like borderline aesthetically like they say, it's all you know, it's women but I think it's probably because men don't realize what it is or they don't come forward or they don't seek help and it's just like You know, it's just you're just trying to get your needs met needs that you don't even know that you have. At least it was for me. It was like I just wanted to be seen and I wanted to be validated and I wanted to feel whole. Yeah, and it all comes back to it doesn't Define you but you do start to find identity in it and it gets it's so frustrating when you know, you're you're trying to make cries for help. Like this is a nap and No One Believes you now or they're like, I mean, I feel like people saw me drowning and they were just like hmm. Well, yeah, I can't fix you. Yeah, and it's like I'm not asking you to if they don't understand why you feel a certain way. Then it doesn't make sense to them and it all comes back to what does crazy looks like. It's like if you see a homeless person on the side of the street and they're yelling and saying random shit, then you're like, okay that person's mental illness. But for me walking down the street and I'm sitting here telling you about what I'm going through and you're still not grasping it unless like we've talked about Faye when she gets sad and like in her Zone. She lets her appearance go. You're my everything goes. Yeah. I feel like it's also you want people like to see how you're feeling. Whereas for me. It's like I'm in a try so hard today. In a dress up and you're going to own opposite. Yeah, because I don't want anyone thinking that I'm weak. I know you hate that. I hate that word. We just not use week is not a concept that it says well, I don't believe in the words failure should or weakness. They don't exist. They are Concepts. They are constructs. Yeah, the end I think since I've talked about mental illness most of my life and I've always been open about it. I think that I was like, well I need to come off as strong as possible. But I think that's where I think vulnerability makes you strong. I don't think that makes you Week if you you know need help or Express something and that's what's kind of. I don't want any of this to seem like what are victims or whatever, you know, I think it's like, you know, we have problems you take charge of them and we're all people that struggle with stuff that like may not be this but it's something well actually I'll ask her in a bit each of you how you specifically deal with an episode that you might have and now as an adult I will I will say though. I did look up the statistics here and it is a little over 3 million or diagnosed in the US for bipolar now board on both about three like one's a little better one's a little under 3 million. The other one's a little over three million. I mean in those often like coexist and that's what and yeah. I was wondering how much of that and I don't know. I'm not familiar how much of that does overlap and one you know, which yeah. I mean I am diagnosed bipolar 1 And with borderline, yeah, and I have you know depression anxiety and but that but that's again. Those are like this is diagnosed like in the sense of like who knows how many or how many people just aren't getting help help. I assumed I'd assume most people are not know. I mean people don't people know about polar is you know, they might have a like a miss, you know up to be immersed thinking this perception of what it is, but borderline I find the people don't even In there like so what do you take for that? And I'm like no, this is his nurture. Not nature. Like you have to like rewire how you think it's not just like you take a pill and well in borderline is looked at as killers. Yeah, like everything. I can't I can't with this. It makes me so angry. I talked to my therapist about this actually to because she like responded to a Blog that was like talking about borderline and anything you look up like in blogs on you know. Anything I think it's like women that are like crazy women bitches, you know Femme fatales like Basic Instinct Fatal Attraction swimfan kind of women, when okay. Sure maybe some of that is true. There's probably something, you know coexisting with that like but it's also like that's not, you know, come that's not all of us and that's you know, it's a spectrum. Yeah, we're not just like a psycho, you know, like psycho Passage. It's like, you know, I think that a lot of us, you know, even if you're not self-aware, you're constantly it does come back to that shame and guilt. It's like you do all of these bad things and you can't control it. But then you you like crash into shame and you just like, why do I feel this way? Why am I this way you're never just sitting here making like doing all these psycho things making these chaotic choices. and you're just fine with it write it again and it all comes back to like I feel like at least with me probably the two most of the time the times that I've I look back and I'm like I used to be like oh my God like why am I doing these things I'm not a bad person and now I look back and I honestly just like feel compassion for myself that I never had like I clearly was acting out because I needed certain things from myself and I didn't know how to get them I didn't know how to ask for them I didn't know how to work on them like if you hate yourself elf yeah you're gonna act out yeah and I think it what you were saying before we're being too self-aware people makes it so much harder because it's like okay I know why I'm reacting this way I know what the term for it is but why can't I stop it and but I you know and I say I was self-aware but like to appoint I look at myself then and I'm like I wasn't that self-aware I mean yes to a point but I would cry Be like, I don't know why I'm crying. Like I don't know why I feel like this and then in DBT, like, you know, you trace kind of like they you know, your vulnerability is basically it's like all the things leading up to like why you're crying like, oh, you know this this this this this and happened and this was like the thing that broke, you know broke the camel's back. And then okay now I know I'm crying and like mindfulness around it and like true self awareness where before I think I just yes, I was aware that something was wrong, but I don't I think I have the tools or was really looking inward in the way that I needed to actually fix any of it if that makes sense. So there's just like one big gaping void where I'm just like I'm going to fill it with all of these unhealthy things my watch it get worse. Can we dive into a very specific example of yourself when you found yourself spiraling in a sense? Because I think that's a word somebody used last time and then actually, let's see if we can do briefly. I'd like to do one prior to a the diagnosis and then one after if that makes sense. You have to think on it. Do you want to go frogs differs? Okay, she'll be Queen everybody shall be tweeting. Hello. Hello. I have a very specific night. It was right before I was diagnosed and it's funny because I take a lot of pictures and I have a picture of me like flicking off the camera and totally normal. Everything's cool. And then we pause This person because you said flicking off my camera, is it flipping off? I don't know. There's well don't know I'm intrigued is is flicking off ya know I've heard it before for sure. Is that a regional thing? Maybe it's like pop and soda like yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. I say flipping. What do you say I say the peas flipping flipping flicking off looking up. I don't know. Sorry, I didn't mean to stop you. I was just very intrigued by flicking off. I haven't heard it. But it's I'm wondering if it's a regional thing. Yeah, I guess I don't know but then there's like two hours later. Basically when ended up happening it was it was super stupid looking back but it did come down to is this sorry is this a is this a pre-diabetic? Prior okay. It's about a month before and basically I was talking to this guy and I was like, yeah, I think I want to kill people and he was like, no, there's no way there's no way that you feel that way. You never be able to get away with that. And when I tell you the rage that I felt that one you're devaluing my feelings and to that makes everything worse. Yeah, and that was that's like the emotional validation that I feel like I that led me to where I am. That's like the worst thing you can do in a scenario like that is almost devalue. So yeah, it's nice. No no like you don't feel like that or like that's wrong. That's like well, I'm Gonna See Rider thousand thing Beyond y'all and that was basically what happened. It was like, Because at that point I was like well now I need to prove myself now. I need to prove how like basically the other Shelby took over my body. She came out the glass room. I'm in the Glass Room Watch Out World right? I was I have my self harm is I Punch walls. So I was literally just punching it until it was like bloody and bruised and because that was my way of like proving myself, I think. I needed to like see it on my hand to know that it was real and then I walk to 7-Eleven to get a hot cocoa because hot cocoa calms me and the shout out to 7-Eleven. I love 7-Eleven and the guy goes the guy goes you look really fucked up. Are you good right now? And I was like, no, I'm not good. But thank you for bringing awareness to that the fact that I look fucked up. Thank you so much. So I go back to my house. Wait a second you Look fucked up in what sense like his my my face was like puffy, you know, like she'd been crying and then you'd been punching why and it was the perfect the only time in your life when somebody wasn't like smile more. Yeah. It was the perfect example. It was a perfect example of I looked like I had something going on like my appearance was you know, this heave old and all this stuff and so it was actually was kind of validating to me too because I was like, okay, you're actually recognizing that something's wrong. Wrong, so I went home and I literally was just sobbing on the floor. I'm like, who am I as a person? I'm looking at myself in the mirror. Now, I'm having a conversation with the other. She'll be in the mirror. I'm like responding to myself and I'm like, what do you need to do? Do you need to prove yourself? Do you need to kill yourself? Do you kill other people like what do you need to do for people to believe this and I sent these videos to the guy of me like makeup down my face. Video I showed you of me. Yes. Yeah, we all have those videos and I was like, I can't believe that you wouldn't believe me. Like look at me now. Like I'm not this person that everyone thinks I am and then a month later I ended up getting diagnosed and in the last five years since it's basically been you want me to go into like how I handle stuff now, I'm assuming Now it's more it's it's funny because when I talk about self-harm, I'll consider it relapsing if I feel like I need to punch something and now it's like I have coping mechanisms. I have ways to handle my anger and my sadness so it's like if someone does that I have to basically What you have to do is you have to look at your childhood and look at what are the reasons that I'm reacting this way and you have to look at Dead in the eye and be like, okay. This is not what's happening right now and there's been obviously points where I have relapses and I've you know felt like I needed to punch something just to feel something but this last year especially, you know, I've went through a lot of things and I've had so many people tell me how proud they They are of me because I've been able to actually handle it in a healthy way, you know putting my focus. Would you like to elaborate slightly just general like not don't get in too deep. But like what what in this last year we'll just like I had a very abandoned situation where the sky was talking to. All of a sudden we had never talked about like we're exclusive and then all of a sudden he was like, I have a girlfriend which is like the most any trigger trigger trigger trigger warning. It was just like, you know, I'm like everyone leaves me, of course, like I'm worthless, you know, obviously he wouldn't choose me like all this stuff and it was more. I just kind of sat in the sadness rather than Lashing now and turning it into anger and feeling like I need to destroy something to prove how hurt I was now. Do you feel like you your reaction was that because of therapy do you think because you know, what to be looking for do you think is part medication like what I think it definitely was tribute that to definitely was therapy because he my thing is I've always had such a dedication to looking strong and right to the point that to the point that I was looking back at my childhood and was just like, oh wasn't that bad? It wasn't that bad. I was refusing to like actually give yourself. Yeah, exactly. I wasn't ignoring how fucked up things actually were and it wasn't telling therapy. He was like look at what you've went through and look at what you've overcome. radical acceptance that like that was your life yeah and so it basically he taught me that if I can get through what I went through as a child I can get through heartache I can get through you know being cheated on abused friends leaving me anything like that it basically was I found a way to accept that I'm a lot stronger than I am and not fake strong I actually am capable of being strong yeah well it looks what's your before and after honestly I don't know like most of my adult life is like most of my life is before diagnosis so I'm trying to like your new you're not trying to yeah I mean I finished EBT like what like eight months ago or something you came up with something didn't you can I answer post post yes treatment yes yes yes that's perfect yeah okay because for me like everything Prix was like I just like I seriously would like spend a ton of money or you know cheat on everybody or you know during to Archer you know whatever and still seem like super high functioning but everything was I was always trying to like be validated by like men all the time even if I was like with somebody and I would like go and tried to destroy it like on purpose that was like my main thing and also I would like yeah I get really angry and lash out and just you know cry hysterically and all that good stuff first I'm going to find a better example because I can't think of one right now because I'm on this body and I'm nervous but like post DBT and and diagnosis and treatment the way that I think about literally everything is different and the thing that has changed my life the most is it's a thing we call checking the facts where I feel like a lot of people borderline they take everything so personally and they perceive everything as an attack and checking the facts as like if two people are walking towards you and they're laughing they're whispering and they're looking at each other and they're like you're going to assume old me would have assumed They're laughing and talking about me when the facts are there just laughing and walking towards me it's not about me and that is the biggest thing that has changed my life is like 99% of the time she it's not about you right people are thinking about themselves it's not personal and like radical acceptance of like I am where I am and I'm where I'm supposed to be and you know like I don't when I spiral it's usually like I can literally just check the facts on something and I'm like self-soothe like I'm like okay my feelings are valid but I don't need to text that person I shouldn't text I don't need to like my panic attacks and strong emotional reactions they last like half as long it's like 20 minutes versus like two days if that makes sense yeah and they do have a really great example of like right when I started treatment I was having a panic attack and there's this thing called a nice dive where you literally duck face your debt you drunk your face and ice because it brings your heart rate down and tricks your body into like not panicking and this is like what you know baby DVT like this is what you're learning in the very beginning you know like now I can do it myself but like you literally dip your face a nice it sounds like a form of torture it helps a lot actually I don't doubt it and I I'm just like I'm insanely aware of the fact that like my makeup is like running down my face I'm crying and I'm laughing at how ridiculous it is and then my husband walks in the door and I'm just like Imani hello and it just is like this perfect moment of like me trying to get better and how ridiculous it is and how ridiculous like life is and it's just we're all fucking struggling and doing the best we can and I'm dipping my face and fucking ice water right like it just is so ridiculous to me but amazing I just held about a lot of things but I just like now I have no it's a good Tech that's a good technique kind of ice water I mean I don't use that anymore but for me it's like I check the facts and I radically set the things in my life I don't I'm don't like beat myself up about things and I don't try to change the things that I cannot change right period those are the things that have are their allies so are there other other other things that you would recommend outside of dippings ones face into water that like could be super helpful because I mean like if you're looking just to slow your heart rate down I mean like screaming yeah can let it all out I mean the thing I mean this is like a real like thing like in the book the woman who came up with DBT Marsha Linehan had borderline and it's because it like it forces your body like it tricks your body into thinking you're underwater and you you have you have to calm down so I don't now I don't have to do that and I find other ways but for me I don't really I don't let my mind go that far like I don't make decisions now from we call it emotion mind where it's like I'm thinking kind of a logically and all Emotion versus like all logic and then we have wise mind which is like a combination of both and what you're supposed to think from is wise mind where it's like logic and emotion together. So I don't act from just pure emotion anymore and I stopped myself for making decisions when I'm knowing when I know I'm in that place. I don't get behind the wheel of a vehicle when I know I'm in that place. Yeah, and I don't I just like I don't communicate with people from that place and the other thing we talked about is this thing called dear man, and I don't remember What the acronym stands for sorry to my therapist but it literally is like a way to communicate with people that I feel like is really I kind of voice done it but it's a way to ask for things that you need while validating yourself and the other person where it's like hey, you know, I know you're out having fun and that like, I'm really glad you were but I asked you to text me if you were going to be home later than you know 11, and you didn't and it made me feel like this. So in the future, like if you could please, you know, if you could if you could please let me know because makes me worried so it's like it's validating you it's validating me and it's expressing what I need versus being like all you statements like you stayed out and you made me feel like shit and you you know disrespect where it's like no that's not going to get anything done no we're saying dear man as in describe Express assert reinforce mindful appear and the in is covered I don't know what the n stands for yes thank you Lenny wait a second negotiate yeah like you're negotiating like it's like yeah yeah it's cool if you stay out later than that just please let me know and the big thing is this is pure confidence sorry I didn't say that the last part you have to come in you have to find people that also are actually extremely patient and capable of wanting to know what's going on in your mind because I've been in the relationship that feeds my mental illness I've been in the relationship that ignores it and I've been in the relationship that they're seriously trying to understand how to help me avoid episodes and I mean you have to do it for yourself but at the same time if you're with someone who's purposely doing things that they know is going to trigger you even know not I mean I feel like you attract you would people attract where they are mentally think whether or not they know it like if you're in a bad mental place you're going to attract Works people you just are and I think that we forget that like you know of interrelationships where I'm coming from a really bad place and like I think that they're really self-aware and that they know you know they're trying to help me when really like they're probably kind of ill to yeah I think that's also like kind of important to remember it's like they also might seem like they're one thing I'm not trying to like really Paranoid. Yeah, but like, you know if I think that some people you know also seem like they're going to be good for you and you think that's what that you what you need. But what you need is actually very different. I mean I my needs are very different when I thought they were I thought I would you know end up with a Chandler Bing and I think I would murder Chandler Bing. So, you know, we think our wants and our needs are very different like perception versus reality. We would tell you to go. Binge friends, but you can't anymore on the Netflix the really really triggering a real loving friends is trash. How dare you do you want to fight me, you know distress tolerance. Where's my eyes? I'm fine. The office always actually office is amazing. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it, but I've accepted it. Let's end on this question that I'm going to pose the two of you both of you here and it isn't fully. In this topic, it is something that you had touched on. Both of you touched on earlier is the fact that you had people around you telling you kind of self-fulfilling prophecy type thing with they're saying that you are this you are this and so then all of a sudden you kind of leaned not that you leaned into it, but then all of a sudden you're like, oh, well, if everyone thinks this already then fuck it, you know, I'm going to go to this. Hmm. What would be your advice to? Buddy who's being told? these kinds of things as a person who was told you're fine hey look you're fine you're fine you know or a person says oh no she's she's gonna do this regardless or you know that's just how it was said to you what would be your advice I think that you really need to cut all the ties to everyone you need to have this constant bubble around you where it's like no matter what someone is telling you you need to know for yourself what you feel on the inside it's like you know constantly especially now with the media were literally being told every day certain things were searching for validation from everybody we're searching for identity you know we're pretending to be some people that were not and I think all it really comes down to is you know how you're feeling and you know how are you are on the inside you know who you are behind closed doors no one really knows you besides you and I think you need to sit and really self reflect on that and II you know who you are and you recognize your strengths and your weaknesses anything that anyone else tells you isn't going to have to carry weight there's a difference between tween you know when you're six verses when you're 17 like I think what you're saying is yeah you have to block out all the noise but you often also have to like yeah have some self-awareness and look inside and saying you know people are telling you this and it's affecting your relationships maybe there is some truth to something but I think that you know you have to look at your behavior and if it is negatively negatively impacting your life like look at that but if people are telling you something and you don't feel like that's true I mean if family members or friends call you crazy like no that's not that's meaningless right everybody could use a little bit of crazy nobody knows you better than you like you said like I think you have to block out the noise and like figure out what you are who you are and again what you were saying is like people could be telling you all of these things but you do need to take accountability yeah some reflection yeah it's like you know someone could be telling this 13 year old like oh you have a th day you have ADHD and one she's going to start believing it but if that is true you need to take the accountability and take the steps to move forward because I know for me I was on a date the other day and like the whole time I'm on the day I'm like joking about like how everyone thinks I'm crazy were crazy crazy and then at the very end I was like you know I just actually need to say something like I feel like I've taken identity in that but I also have done the steps to overcome that at the same time so it's like yeah I still have crazy moments but I'm not crazy so I think the second that everyone takes accountability for the negative influences that they're putting on the world you can move in the right direction and on that take us out Shelby thank you guys so much it's thank you so much Phelan for coming in and bringing your side of things thank you Lenny yay I think you bring in a good outsider's perspective so we enjoy having you here until next week yeah my night I can handle Elvis week is not a concept that exists I don't believe in the words failure should or weakness they don't exist they are Concepts they are constructs the guard to my side of crazy with she'll be tweeting on iTunes Spotify or wherever else you listen to podcasts my side of crazy is an LL a production is fantastic all day and cut