Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me know what you guys want like my opinions on basically what you want to hear about and I thought I'd get like I was lucky two or three responses and I got much more than that. So that was great. Thank you guys very much for contributing to that made my job easier for today. I'm not going to get to all of them. Bling just because I got a lot of responses and it's likely going to take longer than I have to answer everything but we're going to give it a try here. Remember to five star review like subscribe nice comments. All that stuff. Find me on patreon go to Anchor dot f m / Aztec break down to support the podcast Leaf donations things like that with the voice messages. I love the voice messages. All that stuff with that out of the way. Let's get into this. I'm looking through these I want to see if there's any I can bust out really quickly. So I'm going to say these names wrong also, so I apologize for that. But we got Jason's sister. Thanks for the reply. He message to me or not message me. He replied on Twitter. He said as the season progressed there was a ton of mentions about Here's chemistry any thoughts on how the swish Pro-Am may have impacted that not familiar with other opportunities for regional players in San Diego, but hoping we continue to get guys involved assuming the league sticks. I as you guys know, I don't live in California anymore. I live up in Montana and so I wasn't able to go to the games. They look like they would have been a lot of fun. I don't know how much those game specifically would have helped this team build chemistry just because most of the players on the current team. We're on different teams in that leave right in so I'm trying to remember some of the specific teams. I think he shot Johnson was the only Aztec on his team. Jonnie was with I think Trey Pulliam. I think they were on the same team together Malik. I don't think played KJ. I don't think played at all. Matt Mitchell was on a team with somebody. I don't remember who but so my point is that because they're all Different teams that's hard to build chemistry in that way, right maybe with that one guy but a lot of chemistry stuff like knowing where the guy is going to be and a lot of that is determined by the offense. And so if you're running a different offense in switch League, then you are in in the in the Aztec program. It might not even help that much with chemistry in that regard. So I don't think this was Pro and itself helped that much in terms of chemistry. I do love the idea of the league in general. I hope that they keep doing it. Right. I love that. They they bring players that just have some Titus San Diego right and give them a chance to to play and have fun and and for the most part they're pretty young guys. So give them a chance to work on. Game, right when they're not playing wherever else they might be. So I love the league. I think it's great for the city and for basketball, but I don't think it helped that much with the chemistry. We got rain Diego says start with how silly it is that 22. Meaning Malachi Flynn wasn't unanimous Player of the Year. Also Yanni /kj what spelled with a u As you guys know. Many of you at least I am a person who just likes to debate for the fun of it and I will often choose a side that I don't agree with to try to debate it just as a mental exercise and so because of that for a long time not a long time, but you know the last couple weeks or so. I was trying to find the best version of the argument to give Jaylen Harris the player of the year just so I can try and understand why somebody would I think that right and see how logical it is for lack of a better word. Right? I don't I don't want to call somebody dumb because they don't agree with me but you know just see what that argument is. I never really found one that I really liked it, you know in terms of everything the one there was that that beat writer for Nevada. I think his name is Chris Murray, you know. He had Jaylen Harris being being the player of the year and what I under or what I could understand right if I was talking to him. I would understand that. He saw Jaylen Harris more over the course of the year. And so you're going to have a better knowledge base of that right seeing even just the plays Jaylen Harris made against San Diego State if he saw those plays happen, you know twice a week you could see why he would think Jaylen Harris has is a really good player and possibly the best in the league the reason I don't like that is because it just limits you to what you see and if you only see certain things that's an inherent bias right there, right? You'd have to watch every game of every player to be able to have that be your litmus test and that's not realistic for really anybody. So that's that's why I don't like that. Malachi Flynn was definitely the player of the year. Unanimous, I don't know how many voters there were I think I think it was like 11. I'd maybe understand one not voting for him. But to didn't vote for him. That seems like a bit much probably should have been unanimous, but I don't know. I don't want to talk bad about anybody but probably should have been unanimous Yanni making the third team smelled a lot of recency bias to me, which is just the the mental process that stuff that happened more recently sticks out more in your brain. Right? And so there was a while I don't know if it's still the case, but there was a while where the best to man pairing on the court in terms of Plus-minus was Malachi Flynn and Yony Wetzel in the whole nation that was the case. Right? And I don't know if it's still the case. It's likely not but that was a thing, right and even if it's not the case anymore, it's probably not that far down the list. But Jani has had a couple games where he wasn't great. He wasn't outstanding right the last two or three games. I still thought he was solid for the most part. There were a couple plays that And out that should have been better. I did a YouTube video earlier today as I'm recording this not out. But by the time you're listening it will be out. So if you haven't go watch it, it's actually pretty long. It's 20 minutes and that's I had to cut it down by like half so apologies for that. But in one of the clips pretty sure I left it in it shows Yani matched up with I believe it's Jazz Johnson down low and Yony gets the ball on the pick and roll and Jazz Johnson wrote. Tate's and Jazz Johnson gets his hands on the ball and Yony tries to go up with it and can't do it. And what I said was young you need to be stronger. Jazz Johnson is 510 and like a hundred ninety pounds or something like that. Like it's not disrespect the Jazz Johnson, but Johnny you got a foot on him and you got like 50 pounds on him. You need to find a way to get up with that ball and put that thing in right? There should be no reason Jazz Johnson prevents you from scoring when you're in that spot that you're in so You know things like that, I think over the last three or four games brought down Yanni's the perception of you Ani wetzel's value around the league. You also have to look at it in terms of if Jonnie should be higher who should he replace which is which is another thing. I don't know off top of my head who's on the second team. I'm not going to look it up right now, but that's you know, it's one thing to say his play deserved second-team All-American spot, but if there's 12 guys that deserve to be in the top 10 of the All-American rankings than two of them are going to get snubbed no matter what and so it's one thing to say here. Deserves it it's another thing to say. This is who he should replace and to me that's the argument you have to make I don't want to spend too much time on it. So I'm not going to look up the listings. The last one was was KJ Fagan and that to me wasn't as much recency bias. It's more. It's more him getting an honorable mention has to do with people expect your point guard to do certain things. And because Malachi has been on the team KJ hasn't had as much opportunity or necessity to do those things, right? He is still in spurts come out and done them wonderfully right running the offense running the pick-and-roll hitting three-point shots. He struggles a little bit finishing at The Rim, but he's still a great player. But his money his main value comes on the defensive end right and locking guys down and that's not something most people value out of their point guard people want that out of a big man to a slightly lesser extent. They want good Wing Defenders like that, but not so much out of a point guard. And so I think that's why KJ got snubbed there. I if I looked up the list I could probably find somebody to replace KJ with in fact, I think I said in a tweet earlier. Replaced Lavelle Scotty with KJ fagin cages should have made the third Tina Lavell. Scotty shouldn't of I I mean, obviously I only saw Air Force the one game but looking at the numbers Lavelle Scotty looks like he's putting up numbers on a bad team and I think he was there mostly because he was a projected first team all-conference player in the preseason. And so kind of that narrative just kind of caring itself along so That one I can for sure say KJ should have should have been at least 13 Mile conference over labelled Scotty. What are we at on time here at about 12 minutes? Let's do this one. So from are Tha T's and this kind of combines with one from Tanner schnee Weiss. Sorry Tanner, I'm definitely saying that wrong you guys had very similar questions. I want to read are taught issa's because his is a little bit more specific. So says based off luminaries meaning Joe lunardi from ESPN. He's off his most recent bracket. How do you see us stacking up with the top teams? I think Michigan State Michigan and Dayton are in our region in his most recent release. So this is Joe lunardi specific bracket projection right from ESPN and he does want every day or no. It's not everyday things twice a week is what it's been for the last month or two. And in the most current one. It had San Diego State is one seed in the East and I'm going to kind of go through I looked at it and I kind of just try to remember my thoughts from what I had of it earlier. So let's go through it. So San Diego State is a one seed in the East the first round would was in luminaries projection against the University of Montana in Sacramento. That's I mean, that's the one in the 16 that game should be an easy win. I actually saw I live probably eight or nine blocks away from the University of Montana. And so I keep tabs on them just here and there right you see them in the newspaper and stuff. I want them to You well partially because that impartially I just like it when mid-major and low major teams can find success. I think it's a cool story. They wouldn't have a chance against this Aztec team. They're ranked like a hundred and seventy-five or something like that in can Palm I think I hope for their sake they can get matched up with somebody else. It would let me root for them and it would let me wear my San Diego State gear around town without getting mobbed or whatever. And they wouldn't get annihilated. But so do you know that first round match-up isn't a big deal. Now the second round would be either against the eighth seed was st. Mary's in the 90s. He was Xavier. Neither of those teams worried me a lot Xavier. I don't watch a lot of national basketball. I follow a couple narratives, but mostly just if they're relevant to San Diego State in some way. So most of this projection stuff that I'm saying you have to take it with Like an entire canister of salt but here's here's the thoughts Xavier doesn't really worry me. They to me don't have enough shooting to be able to keep Pace with the Aztecs and they were the nine seed now the eight seed st. Mary's overall still doesn't worry me but would worry me more than Xavier. St. Mary's has the ninth best offense in the nation according to Ken pop. They can get hot they can score. from 3 they're like the third best three-point shooting offense in the country or something like that so they can put up points in a hurry and especially if they get hot The reason I wouldn't be worried too much is because San Diego State is the 10th best offense in the nation. So they're neck and neck right San Diego State should be able to go shot-for-shot with them on any given night. The difference is st. Mary's has a defense that is ranked worse than a hundred. It's if I'm recalling correctly. It's somewhere between a hundred and a hundred and fifty right? So it's above average average would be about 170 180. Which would be average so they're above average, but it's not by much. And San Diego State's defense is ranked 7th in the nation in Kent palm. And so San Diego State just much more balanced and would be able to slow down st. Mary's and st. Mary's wouldn't be able to stop the Aztecs, right? It is March anything can happen right but In terms of like the odds and which team would be expected to come out and everything not worried about either of those games. The next one the sweet 16 there's like four possible opponents, but we're just going to worry about the two that would be most likely and those two were Michigan state was the four seed in Auburn was the five seed. Auburn doesn't worry me. I don't know off the top of my head how many games they've lost. I know that we were Matt Bros for a little while. But even then I didn't think they're undefeated streak was as impressive as ours. They hadn't beat teams that were as good as the Aztecs. And they had less games at the time like the Aztecs would be like 15 and oh and Auburn would be 13 and o or whatever right? So it just I wasn't as impressed by it. I credit to them. It was an undefeated streak should be recognized but it didn't feel as impressive to me. Right it wasn't equal and since then they've lost and so So to sum it up, I'm just I'm not that worried about Auburn. Basically, I think the Aztecs I haven't looked at the matchups or anything, but I'm not that worried about them. Michigan state is the four seed in that situation that team spoilers probably scares me the most out of any team in this projection here, and I was talking to my girlfriend at Fish yesterday morning and she was like what would happen if San Diego State Michigan State met in you know the tournament it would be war in our house because she's a she's a Michigan State Alumni and I mean long story short. I told her it wouldn't be more and I explained to her bunch of reasons why but she asked me like, you know legitimately and in as objectively as you can who do you think would win and I said, Ed you know, it's it's very tough to project because I think San Diego State is probably the better team but a couple of the indicators you look for when projecting who's going to win is pretty much basketball any level you look at which team has the best player that team is going to win more often than not and There was that and Michigan state has according to Pi p.m. The most impactful player in the nation last time I checked anyway, and that was Xavier Tillman. And then Cassius Winston is a really good point guard who can get his shot anywhere on the floor LED his team to the final four last year. And so that's a thing and Malachi Flynn's a really good guard to in. I might put I'd probably put Malachi Flynn over Cassius Winston. At least the season but would be closed. And then the other thing is at the college level more so than than at the professional level you look at which team has the better Coach that can be a good indicator as well. It's less of a good indicator in a one-game series like the tournament but it's still a solid indicator and as much as I love coach Dutcher Tom izzo's like objectively the better Coach and the more accomplished coach. And so there's that, you know, we could bring up the experience Michigan State went to the final four last year. But most of those players are gone, or they were freshman last year. And so Michigan State's a very young team, San Diego state would have the veteran Advantage there Michigan state has their starting lineup is senior Junior sophomore sophomore freshman and most of their other players are either freshmen or sophomores. They don't have a lot of upper classmen this year. So that edge would go to San Diego State but just the way they match up, you know would be tough. Cassius Winston is a good player and he dealt with a personal tragedy early in the year that I think led to some of Michigan State's losses. And if they don't have a couple of those losses were talking about them in a different way. And so I'm hoping they can get bumped up to like the three seed even if they are in the East with the Aztecs just so that you can prolong that match up for one more game and let the Aztecs get farther, but that game would be one that would worry me the most not because the Essex can win, but just because that's a well-coached team with a lot of talent and a lot of athleticism and a lot of size and a lot of skill and outside of the Aztecs there. They're the most complete team in my opinion in this projection. Let's say the Aztecs make it past the sweet 16. The next game would be in the elite eight would be against either duke or Dayton and Duke doesn't worry me. They've lost enough games that they have weaknesses. I don't know what they are. But they're there and Coach touches a good coach. He has a great staff with him and there's veteran players in so they'd be able to find those weaknesses. Vernon carry is really good. as a center, but he's kind of old school Center which limits him and Especially if Nathan men says back and the original projection was you know that second weekend of the March Madness Tournament, which would be the Elite 8 game. I think Nathan men so it can can shut up running carry down like it if he shut down Luka Garza, he can shut down Vernon carry and so not as worried about him. They do have a really good defensive point guard and trade Jones who came back from last year's Elite eight Duke team, but I mean Let's say hypothetically trade Jones manages to shut down Malachi Flynn, which isn't an easy thing to do, but let's just say hypothetically. It happens the few times Malachi Flynn hasn't been like super star level for this team. Somebody else has been able to step up right whether it's been KJ Fagan whether it's been mad Mitchell whether it's been Jonnie Wetzel and with Vernon carry having a matchup with Nathan Mensa Yanni wet. So we'll get his down low. Matt. Mitchell will get his Jordan. A shackle can hit some threes. KJ fagin can do some stuff. So I'm I'm not that worried about Duke really at all. And hopefully that's not too cocky or arrogant, but I'm not and Dayton. I'm worried about more so than Duke but still not that much overall same thing. I think if Nathan Mensa is back at that time, he can shut down OB taupin. Maybe not shut them down. But OB from what I understand about Dayton. They just have a great system where they have OB topping in at the five and they put four Shooters around them and will be topping can shoot himself as well as a 69 610 player. But basically they just put four Shooters around them. And so if you double he's going to kick it out to a shooter and they're going to hit that three and if you don't he's going to beat you one-on-one inside I feel Nathan minutes it would be fine with that. You know, we'd be fine leaving Nathan Mensa one-on-one down low and keep everybody else home and it would be fine, you know, and so Dayton worries me a little bit more than Duke as crazy as that is to say but not by much and I think the Aztecs could take Dayton. Once again, it's March so anything can happen, but I think the Aztecs would be favored in a game against Dayton or Duke. Auburn St. Mary's, who else was there Xavier Michigan State's. The only one that I would go into being like, okay. This is a this this could have could have been better. That's that's Joe lunardi these web projection right there. The last one airtight he sent another one, but it also kind of lines up with this one from JP saying talk about Aztecs. bench in detail I might actually save this one for another week. It's also not very specific. I'm assuming he's just meaning like player breakdowns. Basically, I might go in more detail next week or the week after I don't know there's gonna be like two weeks in between games here and so my need something to fill up that air time but Right now tray Pulliam seems to me like the six man Off the Bench. I will say, you know, I was kind of complaining about how trade pulling got used last week in last week's episode and against Nevada. He was used more the way that I think he was brought in to be used right. He wasn't the point guard all the time. But once again in that YouTube video, I showed a player too. I think I didn't cut him out where he came in as the guy who initiates the Offense and he's playing more of a point guard type role in it. Let guys like Malachi Flynn and KJ feet Fagan do other things like coming off a screens and cutting and spotting up and things like that that I really liked and So I like it if he's getting used that way. He just doesn't always get used that way. I love that Adam Seiko got 22 minutes because he was shutting down Jaylen Harris. You know, Jaylen Harris got a couple you're not going to you're not going to stop him completely. But Adam Seco definitely slowed him down and the shots. Jalen did get he had to work for so I love that Seco got that time. You know some days, you know what somebody even earlier I skipped over it but asked. Yeah to focus on next year's team. That's what I'm going to save for next week. Sorry bad at those Bryan Bailey asked about talking about next year's team really quickly, but that one I'll say for next week. Getting back to it Adam Seiko, I think. has been great especially lately and aside from those like four turnovers that one game where he stepped out of bounds and then was sick and I think As a as a teaser, I think he's playing himself into a competition for starting minutes next year. I don't think he gets it, but I'll talk about that next week. Who else we got a glock a rope. You like a glove because of his motor and his size and his length and his ability to match up probably three through five on the defensive end. So small forward power forward Center. The issue is on the offensive end. He can't space the floor. And so he's kind of limited to setting screens and rolling and getting offensive rebounds or just playing in in the dunker spot and reading opposite which is something the Aztecs. I don't notice them doing a whole lot reading opposite which is a all it is is if you're reading opposite the ball is on one side of the floor and you as the big move to the opposite side of the basket in the dunker spot. And the point is if the guy with the ball beats his man the guy who's guarding you is going to step up to That shot in the ball handler will just dump the ball off to you and you get an easy dunk that's reading opposite. I don't see that happen a whole lot with the Aztecs, but that's basically what his offensive role is limited to because if he spaces out to the three-point line nobody's going to cover him, right? So it's the spacing issue. Because of that and also because of Nathan Menses injury, they've been playing him as a small ball 5 lately, which is something they started to do last year and overall. I really like especially if teams are going to go like four guards on you, you know, because he's he's foot speed is it's not great, but it's good enough and he's not as like tall as a lot of these Biggs who can't move their feet, but he's six six with a 7-foot wingspan so he can match Chef with some bigger guys and spurts and he's a great rebounder on both sides of the ball. And so I like that. I don't know how much it's going to happen if Nathan Mensa comes back it might be dependent on matchups. But that's that's a rope. Who else comes off the bench man? I am blanking right now. It has been a long day. I apologize. Nathan. Mensa will be coming off the bench if he comes back. I do think that more often than not if the Aztecs play let's say they play four games just in in the the March Madness Tournament. Let's say Nathan doesn't come back until the first week of that and they play four games. I think Nathan will get starting type minutes in probably like three of them like he won't be the starter, but he'll be on the floor for 25 minutes each game to 30 minutes each game. Mmmmm. And some of that will be based on matchups to and and how his conditioning is and his game speed is that's the big thing more so than conditioning because he's still been working out and doing stuff. He just can't do contact, but that's that's the thing with Nathan that would be the for Off the Bench and honestly, In the tournament, I don't think gosh one of those guys probably has to lose a lot of minutes because tournament comes in the bench gets shortened up and if Nathan is healthy, I think it might be a rope that loses some of those minutes. just because Nathan does a lot of the same stuff but better and once again, it would be based on matchups to a certain extent but I think of rope would lose those minutes. I think Seiko would still get some minutes and Trey pulling will still get some minutes and Yeah, that's what I got. Let me look up real quick. Cuz I'm all my gosh. I'm blanking right now on who else is on the team here we got. Oh Joel Mensa. He's not going to see any minutes in the tournament unless it's a blowout whether it's the Mountain West tournament or The the big March Madness Tournament gentleman says, I'm going to see minutes unless it's a blowout who else do we got Jared Barnett's a walk-on Caleb Giordano's a walk-on. You went to my high school, but he's a walk-on Keisha Johnson isn't going to see any minutes and Nolan naren the the one time no one might see minutes would be one matchup based into if Nathan isn't healthy. That's when Norman rain will see the floor, you know, wish him the best. I've been kind of a Nolan rain stand for a little while here. But his time on the floor is probably up and I'm glad he was able to hit that three-pointer on senior night against Colorado state. That was a very cool moment. But that's it. I can try and go more in depth about specific skills. They bring in stuff like that next week, but for now that'll I'll do it. I think I'm not going to have an advertisement this week. I'm just you know spitballing this stuff. I have nothing to come back to you after the break. So this is going to be it. Thank you guys so much for listening and I will catch you next time which will be after the Mountain West tournament is over and San Diego State is likely the Champs. Have a good week.