I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So yeah, so we're calling because we're both busy and we can't make it to see each other. So Sorry for the maybe the less quality audio, but this is how it has to be but coming up this month. We are going to have a lot of opportunity to see each other and record and it'll be letter. Yes, and we're also recording this on Sunday, which is the day we're supposed to be putting it out. It's just been really really busy for both of us. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry if this episode is actually out tomorrow because I don't know if we'll have I don't know. So I feel really sick right now. So I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to yeah, it's not great to stare at a computer screen when you write. Okay, what was what are your updates? Okay. So so I've ever told you about my friend Lauren from work, this is the one that you got like manicures with ones. Yes. Yes. Okay. So she's just like the kind of person who just wants to be doing things and like trying new things and stuff like that. Like she's very adventurous. Yeah. So I think like since I've been friends with her like I've just been kind of just Doing a lot of like random things like without planning anything. So like she came into my office the other day and I forget how the conversation started but I was just saying how like, I've been really self-conscious lately because like my hair is brown and I guess just not just don't feel like me and then she's like, let's say you're here it was like, okay because when she came over yeah Friday night and we push both dyed her hair so my hair Back to the blond not and then so she stayed over Friday night and then she came so I went snowboarding for the first time on Saturday yesterday because my friend Megan had like three tickets to watch you sit and obviously we live on what she said, but we've never been there before never Steve never snowboarded and then she convinced me to go because free because honestly, the biggest thing was that it's so expensive there. So like to get in as like 70 or $80 for a day, I mean that's like that's pretty much most geared towards. Oh, yeah. No, I'm just saying General. That's why I just don't see ever. Oh, yeah. It's a super expensive thing to be like, yeah. Maybe I'll like it. Yeah, exactly and like I don't really like the cold so I'm not just like the winter sports. So it's all this is definitely leading towards like great day. I've never tried it never tried never been there. Did it once the Triads hate the cold so my friend Art is really good at snowboarding. She's in snowboarding like her whole life and skiing her whole life. So I invited her to come because I get extra ticket. So she came with us and was like teaching us how to how to snowboard and we so we did the Bunny Hill. Hmm. Most of it will first be like learned how to get on the board. Yep, and then did like the Bunny Hill whatever. So Megan's also never snowboarded Megan's also never snowboarded house migrants keyed know so we both never had done it before so we're on the same page and the two of our other friends. Friends came to and one of them was good at snowboarding and the other had never smoked boarded. So there's three of us would never snowboarded to who were good at it and we're teaching us and so we did the Bunny Hill like a few times like a bunch of times and till I feel like we figured out how to like kind of move honestly. Yeah Meghan like this basically on the ground in Georgia, but I like to feel like a stallion hang of it, but I was like sweating beyond belief. Yeah, I was Hot and then I was like just like really getting tired like from like falling and getting up and stuff. That's the worst part. It's like takes a lot of effort to get up so much effort and I was getting really tired but then they're like, let's go. Let's try to run on the green slope like the green circles Trail and we're like, yeah, we can do this like we can at least kind of like stay on our board. Sometimes actually the top and we look down we like Oh my God, it's so much bigger. Would you actually go on to try? Yeah, so Lauren was like, yeah, you looking at me like 20 seconds to get down like the Green Hills and I was like, okay, so it's probably not that bad. It took us least 45 minutes. Are you serious? Cause you just kept falling, let's be careful. Yeah one point Megan just couldn't get back. And so then that's like I fell like really hard on my butt and it really hurt and I was like the first time I met her. When I fell yeah, I kind of got more scared but then like by the end of the hill I was doing really well and I like like the rarely the very bottom of the hill. I'd like went the entire way without falling which was good. I could like steer and I was like, I'm doing so good. But like I my entire body was shaking. Yeah, cause you're like every single muscle is like yes and like anticipation of like meeting to do something exactly. Like I had done so much exertion it all every single one of my muscles and I never work out my entire. Her body, if anything, I work out like I just go for runs like I don't do my use my muscles for anything. Yeah, so for like legs and so I was shaking and we decided to eat lunch. He said about two and a half hours straight of like constant like working out pretty much and then like we sat down I realize like how tired I was and how much like I was already sore from this and we ate lunch and then we're like, okay, let's just go one more right because it's only like noon just like us That green like the other green because there's two green Trails. Let's try the other one. And so we went up and like we started going I was like a lot more confident because I did so well the bottom of the last Hill it looked like hit something like in the first like ten feet of the Hill think I was going so good steering like hit something and I flew forward like onto my hands and like my head's in it just like were you wearing a helmet? Yeah. It just like took the wind out of me. That's like I can't do like In that moment, I gave up. Hope like I was like I can't do this and then I look down and I'm like words of her top of the cell and then need to get off. It's usually get to the bottom somehow. Yeah, that was like terrifying because none of my muscles were like, I wasn't spike in good condition anywhere like body-wise literally I could barely get up like into a standing position and I just like kept getting scarce like have fallen on purpose. I didn't want to fall by accident. Everybody was like finally I got to the bottom. So I just had to go one more one more slide down. I did it and I fell so hard on my butt and I thought I broke my tailbone and breathe and like I'm so like Lauren had a carry my snowboard why like like limped sadly to the rental place give everything back and Megan had already given up at the top she walk down she walked out with her for dog. Chocolate so then we left because everyone was extremely tired except for Lauren and like my other friend who's good at snowboarding. They're like barely breaking a sweat and yeah, and then we decided to go to the brewery to get a beer because I was in so much pain. I was like, I need alcohol. Yeah funny numb and then then we left and then Lauren was like it's leap day. Like we have to do something crazy as like born. I just broke my butt snowboarding for the first time. Done of crazy and she's like no we have to do something. It's just like me her and Megan in the car. And so she's like let's go get her ears pierced. Oh my God. Okay, so I got my cartilage pierced. So I we yeah, did you go to a tattoo place? Yeah, we had to but they charge $30 just the plate here sit and then plus the cost of the jewelry. It's yeah, so So it's like a lot more sensitive, but now yep. I got it and I got a hoop on the upper Helix of my wow year. You dyed your hair. You got ya body modification and you went snowboarding. Are you this morning? I woke up. So it's like my body already hurts enough. Might as well pierce it because I will feel especially I just will pierce it. Let me think I woke up this morning. I can barely move. I every single one of my muscles on my body hurts. Even my hands my hands muscles hurt. I bruises my knees are two black circles because they're just bruised. I have three distinct bruises on my butt cheek and one inside of my butt crack. I just like I keeps every time I look at myself I see more and more bruises. I'm like and then Angeles like oh now you can teach me how to snowboard. I'm like I never doing that again. Did you should get out of here and go skiing with me and Joel because now me and Megan have resigned to snowshoeing but flooding. That's honestly that's great. Yeah. She's really good exercise. Yeah, it hurts the hips so that is I story I have been like on the couch since like cuz I did I clean the whole apartment was good. And then like I kind of felt nauseous so I sat down and I've been sitting on the couch since like 2:30 p.m. And like knowing that I need water so bad in the sixth on the counter and I can't I literally like waited two and a half hours to get it because I could barely move my finger. I don't know how I'm going to go to work tomorrow. That's awesome. Because that means that you like really pushed yourself and really tried and like it's clear that you like really went for it. You know? No, I thought you don't re-sign forever and that you try no I probably yeah, I'll try again, but I think it was just like slide it exerted myself too much. Well, let's get in to get into it. It's your story right because I don't have one prepared. No. Yeah, it's my story. So it is a man's story me this week and I got a pretty good. I just work. I was thinking like we haven't done a murder in a while. And then this popped up on my like Instagram. Okay and my Instagram for this, yes, like the podcasts Instagram like this stuff. kind of stuff is generally top of my So I was like, oh this is actually Bonkers and I'm pretty sure I actually think it's like pretty well covered a lot of the podcast we listen to have covered it but like it has it was a while ago. And so a lot of it was like relearning and like but it's like so wild. Okay. So Katherine night was born on October 5th, 1955 and New Wales or New South Wales, Australia. Oh, and by the way, I got most of my information from all that is interesting.com. And then I also like Source checked out of places. But most of this comes from all that is interesting that comment like Wikipedia's and the general places. She was so she was born into a pretty tumultuous life, which is, you know, feels pretty classic of these stories. Unfortunately her father suffered deeply from alcoholism and like sexually assaulted her mother several times a day some articles. I read said that he would like threaten to or actually Sexually assaults her. So Katherine was also subjected to sexual assault by multiple members of her family though. She said it was like she said that her father never touched her but that other members of her family. Okay throughout her weights of other members sexually assaulted her other members said that her father sexually assaulted her Catherine claimed like later in her life that other members of her family Sophia salted her but not okay father, okay. Yeah, okay. So her mother was who of course is like probably extremely like suffers from so many like mental health issues at this point. She's like being abused so much her mother was known to tell Catherine about her sex life in explicit detail and expressed her hatred of sex and men to Catherine like quite frequently which definitely built a some horrible complex. Very very strange. Yep Catherine. It really didn't have anyone to confide in the Besides her twin sister and her uncle oscar but Oscar night killed himself in 1969 and Catherine still claims that she is regularly visited by ass Coast just saying, yeah, okay interesting very sad, like one of the two people she could like having her life left her so this horrific and habitual abuse obviously led to some significant a lashing. That would not only make it out alive, but you know, so Catherine at Will was known to be like a pretty severe bully and according to all that is interesting that calm she would quote terrorize her classmates. So don't really know what that means specifically but that doesn't happen sounds like worse than traditional bullying when she was 15. She ended up dropping out of school and went to go work in a clothing Factory that one year later. She got a different job at a slaughterhouse as a boner. Oh what? Oh, they should take the bone up. Things. Yeah, she would like Dee Bost like salsa Magner well because like what the act that she was doing it she described boning as one of her are as the job of her dreams not one of the the first of her to debone animal meat. Okay. Yep. She left it it was never so you just couldn't get enough of it when when she was first. So like they when you get the job they like give you a set of butter nice. And she was so proud that like her first set of between. I was hung above her. Ooh, not good. Yeah, not good and she not good not a good sign. So during her time at the butcher shop. She met David kellett. So I'm about to go through I like a little bit of a string of relationships. So let me know if anything ever gets confusing and you'll see why it might get confusing a little bit later, but just let me know here's where her like Whirlwind life of romances begins which is like so I guess I should have said she had a whirlwind life of romances. Okay, and here's where it begins. I kind of stated it as though you already knew that was coming, but you didn't I don't okay. Anyways, I'm confused. She's working at the butcher shop and she meets David kellett who likes this man is basically her father like he is an abuse of alcohol. It bike very very bad. I mean, I don't think from what I can tell I don't think he's like assaulting her. Anyway, I think they like are violent with each other. She's also very aggressive but he is like a very severe alcoholic so it soon became clear that it wasn't Catherine that needed to worry, but David's violence, but David he needed to worry about Katherine's. Oh the to end up getting aged in 1974 on their wedding night. They had sex three times and then David fell asleep. But Katherine was absolutely Furious because he had tossed in the pillows as soon as soon as like so disrespectful. Yeah, like how could he only have sex for three times like that? So disrespectful my God, I'll be like thank God. It's finally over. Like actually yeah just and so she's just absolutely as they say, I love Island like absolutely think human. Does she straight fumin? She's been put off to look like a tongue walked off. Yeah. It's just totally mud off like so muggy of him to only fall asleep little three times. So she just had the only reasonable thing to do to teach them a lesson was to string why did that on their wedding night? Yeah, but of course and he eventually he got free of her grip and thank God survived. But you know, it was the first first night of their marriage and the she tried to kill him, but they stayed married for 10 wait wait. Back at me so so she okay. She got mad that he only had a sex no three times. So these she strangled him in her sleep in his sleep and then he woke up fought her off and then they stayed married for 10 years. Yeah, just want to make sure that I got it. Correct. Yep. It's crazy. She crazy or is he crazy? I do not know toxic relationship extremely and it look it's so beautiful happened in those 10 years. So they got married in 1974 and 1976 two years after they got married two years after she tried to kill him for not having sex. Way more than three times they gave birth to their first child or child. So this child two months into the child's life David left Catherine for another woman in Queensland. This is most likely because he had been suffering so much abuse from his wife had passed two years and also like she's like trying to kill him and stuff. He leaves her with their two-month-old daughter. And Catherine just can't cope. She starts a showing her true colors. So she goes she's seen after he after David leaves she seen strolling down the street with her daughter in a baby carriage except instead of like just pushing the baby carriage. She's like swinging it from side to side with the baby inside. What? Okay, I'm just like, oh, yeah, she was admitted to st. Animals st. Elmo's Hospital. Um where she was diagnosed with postpartum depression and was released the next day. Okay, we figured it out. You can go now police soon. Oh, yeah, like here's why you're doing this good weight that excited dad. That's so bad. Yeah. I didn't see any like information on like if they gave her medication or how even then it all went down in the hospital like most of what I'm and I read multiple sources and I was all like there was just this kind of a long story. So I'm going to try move faster and like clearly the all the websites knew it was like there's a lot of information and they didn't put all the details it but so I'm I would hope they gave her medication but it's also like 70s so horrible and she's a woman they're like, oh you just had postpartum depression like this happens at what time you can leave so she leaves but the moment she's released from this hospital. She goes gets her daughter places this two month old daughter on a pair of railroad tracks nearby. Before a train was due and heads into town and while she's in town. She finds an Axe and start swinging it at people and threatening that threatening to kill that Mom while she's busy with this axe. Someone notices her daughter on the train tracks like just before the train comes and steals your daughter. Okay. Thank God. So again, she's taken to Saint Elmo's where I'm back whatever is yet. They're like, hey we know Oh you it's supposed yeah. Yep. She's okay that yep. The hell is running this hospital because I don't know even if it's like the hospital's look we can't help you. Like why aren't there more weight? Hey, you can't ask Max is around threatened to kill people and put your daughter on the train. There's so many things she did like, maybe you're mentally fine. But now you should go to jail. Yeah. It's not mental. Saying that she should be in jail, but she's absolutely exactly yeah, so a few days after that so she's out of the hospital again. She goes to her bed and grabs her boning knife and she goes out in the streets. She finds the woman slashes her across the face and then demands of the woman takes her to Queensland so she can go find her husband. Well, there's stopped at a service stations at like I almost said stop way too many times while they're at a service station stop or while they're stopped at a service station that one whatever you got me. She the woman that she is holding captive escapes and goes and calls the police. And by the time the police get there Catherine has a new WoW every single time. I right Katherine, I wrote katharina what this is not every single time, but at least four times so far. Hmm. I wonder why it's weird. Under way maybe like that autocorrect. It was closer to that word. I don't know. So by the time the police get there. She has chosen a new hostage a young boy, but the police are able to disarm her and bring him and I like detain her and put her in custody for Edmund will get to it will go but guess how they could more important part of this all is how they enter I want you to try and get so they disarmed her point. Just guess like something pointing a gun is hard to go to drop it. Nope. They hit her with friends. What? Yeah. Okay, so they were whacking her with brooms. So they're like annual Rose Classic police. Did they bring the brims with them or did they just like know what clue I've no clip I'm assuming they just like found Bros and just are like little quick. What do we do think on our feet? We have nothing else. We are the police and we are not prepared. Oh, geez. Um, so So then they admitted her to a different psychiatric hospital this time when she was admitted. She told them that she was planning to kill the car mechanic that had worked on David's car because it allowed him to like leave a lot for this leaving because like his car was fixed. So I sense based on Windows her cargo ethics. I don't know but like wait those cars. I didn't know basically his car was broken before he Left? Okay got it fixed so that he could run away basically, okay her and so she admits while she's in the hospital but like when she was like holding these people caught holding these people hostage her plan was to get well, I don't really know how far away the car mechanic was. It sounds like it was kind of far away, but she planned to kill a car mechanic that had worked on David's car since it allowed for him to leave and then she was going to find David kill him. And kill his mother. Oh, but his mom do I think she's housing him at this point? Okay. Yeah, however David heard of this confession and that she was admitted to the hospital and decided that he needs to do. What's right and he get back together with her. Yep. Okay, so he's an idiot because remember we're only we're only two years into their 10-year marriage. Yeah. I know who he is. Like well, it's clear that she really needs me. Like I need to be there for her even though she was on her way to murder me and like did all these crazy things and like put her daughter on a railroad track. Yeah, you takes her back. He goes back to support her through this very difficult time and the to stay married for a while until 10 years later. They finally split up because Katherine had someone knew she was focused on David Saunders. Get out. Yeah get out. Out David, but now she's obsessed with David Sanders. Okay, so she's a thing for David's. Yes. So this is our second David. Okay, so David number two moved in with Katherine after about like a couple months of dating Catherine has $2.00 two daughters at this point. Wait, how the hell is she not in jail, dude? I have no idea. She kept two people hostage. Yeah. I've no idea. Okay. I don't know and she put her daughter on a railroad track and she tried to kill a bunch of people in her town with an ax if she / someone with a knife and she admitted that she was planning to kill her husband and his mother. Okay, but nope. That's it. So the in like David her first David number one came back just support her like in the hospital and then she was released and I stayed together for like a few more years. So thanks for the hospital for probably like a year. Okay. I don't remember exactly the time. But yeah. So then she starts being obsessed with this new guy David Saunders David number two who after a few months of dating moves in with Catherine and her two daughters and but much to Catherine's dismay. He kept his old apartment. Okay. She was like, well, what's he doing with this whole department? Like, why doesn't he just give it up and come move in with me? Like he has moved in with her but like he still is like holding on like he's paying rent on this other party. Yeah, and I'm sure it's because he's like, well, I've only known you two months right like it makes sense. Yeah, I would also do that and if you have a lease or something, yeah, he's like I might as well like we have tried out and I'll have to sell their apartment if things go bad like clearly things were going great. Like she's crazy person. Yeah. I'm sure he kind of got the vibe like maybe I'll keep this. Mmm. So she was really worried. She's like he's cheating on me. She's getting really jealous. He thought that he was like using his their apartment to like have this other life without her. Hmm. So she needed to show him what she was capable. So he knew that she couldn't like do that to her. So she slit his dog's throat. Yep. She slit his dog's throat in front of him to show him what she was capable of I would kill her right there. And for Just Cause, oh my God, what kind of monster if someone even so much as mild? We injured my mice I would never speak to them again on purpose specially. Yeah, I'm purpose if they did my ex might get it on purpose. Oh, that's so sad. Yeah, but they stayed together and they had another and they had a daughter together. She must have been hot like, oh no what I let me let me just send you a picture of her these men must be you're just down your computer or just on your phone lookup Catherine night like a k ni ght Okay. Oh, I mean beauty is on the inside and all that but like the shakes horrible inside. She's horrible inside and it's like she's not like ugly but she's not she's not like a model which is not like smokin hot. You know, I just read something I figure and talk about later is really disturbing me. Don't read anything. I didn't mean to it was just a part of the picture. Okay. She's okay continue, okay. So will freak now it's ruined. Okay, so I don't really know anything else besides there's a headline. Okay, so she slips his Doctorate dog's throat. They say together. They have a third kit. It's his first kid. Yeah her third kid. Okay her daughter and then shortly after the birth of her daughter David. Number two leaves Katherine after she tries to kill him with a pair of scissors. Why? Okay, so, okay. Yep. That was like the last straw for him. He's like you've already killed my dog. I'm sure the other years between there weren't that great. Yeah. She's like trying to stab him with scissors. So yeah, that's it. Yep. And obviously she definitely is suffering from like some severe postpartum. Sure. Yeah cuz always like right after yeah, baby, but like I think she has a lot of other issues and if they're just like because she's I think she's just more susceptible to like also being like affected by postpartum. Yeah makes sense. So he leaves her that's over by new person. She finds a new love with John not David Johnny shillingworth. Surprisingly this was like actually not that bad of a relationship the two of them stayed together for three years. They had a son together. So this is Katherine's fourth kid. Yeah, and there was no like reports of incidents reports of incidents of violence. Okay, ABS and the relationship ended when John found out that Kathy was having an affair with get this a man named John Price, okay. A interested in owning another John so she's like dating in pairs. Yeah, David then a John than a John. It's like cheating on people using the same name. Yeah, maybe she's like into that. Hmm. I don't know their relationship ends because she was cheating on the guy but like there was no major incidents during relationship, which was a three-year period okay, Angie and had a kid and like there wasn't any experiences with like really dramatic stuff after that. So yeah so seems to be going Well, she meets John Price the two are getting along very well. It seems like perhaps this is going to be another violent list relationship and Catherine's like hey things are going really well for us. Maybe we should get married. But John number two is like no, I don't really want to get married. I don't think we should do that. Okay and up. She doesn't like that. She did not like that do not know she did not like that. That's almost worse. Only having sex with her three times true also, I don't know if that's her standard how all these men are like keeping up with that. I know how seriously you do not understand. Maybe she got tired. Yeah, maybe so because like that's just not acceptable for her and like she was embarrassed by it or whatever the reasons like, I'm not quite sure maybe she was like very much like insecure and like freaked out she decided to frame jaw number two. I'm going to I've been calling them in my notes like Jen number one down number two, but I think you just call him John. This is job yet. Praise her second husband for a second John there. Yay. So she decided she's gonna frame John for theft at this company. He's been working for for over 17 years. Oh you like videotaped all this stuff at in their house that she claimed was like from work and it like I don't remember all the details of what they were. I didn't write it my notes, but it like was pretty convincing she sent it. An immensely to the company and he was fired after working for them for 17 years. Oh, that's so sad. Yeah, and then in February of 2000 the two fought over something and Catherine tried to stab John in the chest. Okay. So John's like this is really sketchy. They had a lot of fights about like moving in and out like the sketchies girls trans-caspian. You should try to kill me like He knows that she like framed him for the so cute like is trying to break up with her but like it's like kind of messy because I live together and so on February 29th of mm. This is like, yeah, that was like yesterday. Yeah, that was another leap year another what another leap year. Yeah. Hmm. So they this was the night this trying to stab him in the chest thing was the same month. So like within this month, he's like okay is like I know Possible. He has his own kids to worry about he has two kids of his own. Hmm. And he's like this woman is too violent. This is very sketchy. I I like need to figure something out. So I've ever seen ninth two thousand John on his way to work goes to the local courthouse or I don't know where ever you do this, I guess and and files for a restraining order against Catherine because he feared not only for his own life, but for the lives of his children, yeah, he went to work. Work and then so I don't know where you I didn't write it down. But then I realized after reading now that I'm reading the back that I don't know if it's the courthouse or if it's the police station, but okay, I think probably PlayStation probably the police station. Yeah, so he's just filed for at this point. Yeah got in it he goes into work that same day and explains his co-workers like hey if I ever don't show up for work because my partner has killed me. So yeah, so you tells us his co-workers of this new job. He's at okay and they're like your first impressions. Well, I'm sure the yeah, I'm sure it wasn't their first impression because he seems like hey guys. Hey nice to meet you. By the way. I think you should know this. My name is John and if I don't show up for work, please call the police because my wife is murdered me. Yeah, or not wife. Sorry partner. So that day the same day that they he filed for the restraining order and everything. He goes home. He checks in with his neighbors after it was afterwards. He goes home after work. Hmm checks in with his neighbors. This is the usual part of his routine. I don't know why but it is. Okay. He sees that Catherine has brought the kids to a friend's house for a sleepover. I think she liked left and odors and then he goes to bed by 11:00 Katherine shows up the house a little bit after this hmm makes herself some dinner watching some TV showers goes upstairs wakes him up. They have sex John falls back asleep. And then while John sleeping Catherine grabs one of her boning knives. Oh gosh said and stabs him over 37 times. Oh no and according to blood evidence later. It is clear that John must have like gotten up at some point like within the beginning part of the are seven stabs tried to escape like made a run for it because there's like blood by like the wall. All yeah, smear like a handprint there's blood and like other areas of the house and then there's like a lot of blood going down the stairs and on the front door. So it's clear that he like tried to escape maybe or they're not like me. It's clear. He like move throughout the house. They don't know if like he was trying to escape or like if he got to a certain place in the Catherine like drag the body and then her hands made some like marks other places, they're not really sure but it's clear from the bedroom that there was like a bit of a fight a bit of a like struggle. Yeah. Eventually, he died of blood loss on the first floor like the entryway after being stabbed over 37 times. Catherine then leaves the house goes to the ATM and withdraws $1000 from John's bank account. A few hours later back at home. She takes her knife back out. She like takes out that boning kit and skins John's body. There's a lot of reports that say she was so skilled that she's able to skin his entire body in one piece and then hung the piece from a butcher's I got hooked like a meat help like I'm gonna puke. Yeah. It's pretty gross get ready gets worse. Okay. It's The not just okay. I'll send my mice. All right here now. Yeah, I can hear them. Okay. Sorry everyone. That's my cute little Maxi a little ball. Okay, so she's skins him and she like Let the Body sit for like a couple like ours which is you know, good for that making it easier Hank's the skin on a meat hook in the living room. Uh-huh. Then she goes back to the body cuts off his head. And that's when next time a natural next step that's up a few other pieces of meat from his body because the kitchen and the kitchen she prepares a meal of potatoes pumpkins beats zucchini cabbage squash gravy and pieces of John that she had. Yeah. That's the that's the title that I saw. Yep. I thought like woman eats boyfriend body. Yeah, this is hey, she sets the table and places cards next to the place with names on it of John's two children. Yeah as though she's like going to serve the kids his meat like serve him to them for dinner, even though it's like probably two in the morning at this point. So she likes it sets the table places out Place cards with the kids names on it at the head of the table. She sat his headless body Bliss. It's skinless body my with God his hands like folded around a soda bottle like like crops and like a mannequin almost. Like I said, he's like eating at the table. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah, that's the horrifying. Yeah, she places to prepared plates on the table where the kids names are and then later police will find that there was a third plate that had been prepared, but it was found in the backyard like thrown out the back door into the backyard and I think that Kathryn had probably tried to like also eat this meal but like couldn't manage to do it. So I'm so confused. Um, what is going on? Yeah, it really elevated quickly. Yeah, like she's just full on crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So the police arrived on the scene the next day because neighbors were concerned when they saw that John's car was still in his driveway when she he should have been at work and like as you can tell like he checks in with his neighbor's frequently because it's a part of his routine. So I think they're pretty like either they're very close or at least very like in tune with Like his day-to-day schedule and I bet he probably was like hey, yeah keep an eye on him. So I'm kind of scared. Yeah, they notice his car was in the driveway when he should have been at work and they were like, hey, we should probably go check on him. So they knocked on the door and no one was answering and they like one around the wind like to the bedroom window and knocked on it, but no one answered and they didn't see anyone in there. So they went back to the front door, but they noticed this time that there was blood on the front door. Yeah, so they called the police immediately. So these People did not see the scene. Thank god. Oh good. I was like really worried about that personal to the poor policeman who have to have seen like it's just as bad that they have to see this. Yeah. I know so the police came in broke down the back door and saw this horrific scene. Yeah, and Katherine was laying on the floor comatosed in the dining room, huh? So apparently she had attempted to kill herself by overdosing on pills. When I did not succeed so she ended up in the hospital and when she woke up. She claimed she had no memory of that night at all and like plead not guilty to killing John number two and then but so it went to trial of course. She was like accused of killing this man. Yeah, it went to trial she tried to plead guilty to manslaughter with their like now you like. Yeah cut off the head of yours. Been baked him and stabbed him 37 times. Oh, yeah, eat some of the meat but like didn't finish it. Oh and I forgot to mention this totally skip this bullet backtrack a little bit when the police were at the scene and they were like investigating. They open the oven and found like a big pot of vegetable stew like vegetables doing in this big pot and his head was in it. I was wondering what happened to his head. Oh my God. Oh God. Okay poor Poor poor poor police. Yeah experience that they must be going through a lot of therapy. Yeah. So yeah. She was like, I don't plead guilty to like first-degree murder. I plead guilty to like, I will admit maybe manslaughter because she's like, I don't remember what happened. Yeah, exactly. Like if it was me like it was completely unintentional like bubble will of Allah I did it in my sleep. Yeah, like oh my God, I'm so sorry. But like I did have a lot to drink that night and like I just don't remember no God. Their Treasures like you can't do that like there's yeah. Well you can make this work with a manslaughter plea. Yeah, so she's like okay that I'm not guilty and so they go to trial but like right after they finally decided on a jury which took a while because they had like keep dismissing people because the images yeah, finally they settled on a trial or on a jury and it was like, I'm about to move into like the trial phase. Hmm and she was like, okay. Wait, I never mind I plead guilty. Okay, so I think maybe she was like hoping that she could get away with a lesser charge. Yeah, but yeah, so then she switches are pleaded guilty and the trial is dismissed. The jury is dismissed. But the judge was like I need you to go through a full psychological exam to make sure that like you understand if to make sure that you are fully capable of understanding what this plea means so previously she had been evaluated by professionals and all of them claims that she was. Fully saying like she definitely had some like problems like she was suffering from some mental health problems, but she was saying yeah, like capable of like making decisions and with a clear head. Yeah. So this time she went these two psychiatrists who came back with basically suggesting that she probably has borderline personality disorder. Okay, schizophrenia. Yeah. They said that she was like saying but that it's like a complicated thing. Yeah, it's not severe enough where she could be like basically part not pardon, but like, you know what? I mean, like like now you're set for trial. Yeah like not fit but it's like they're not in trial. So it's either she's going to go to a psychiatric ward. I throws for Life. Yeah or go to prison. Basically it was decided. She's gonna go to prison. Okay, she was capable of like controlling. And she didn't so I don't know if that's like yeah the most like yeah, I want to be like sensitive to like, I don't really know how it's all playing into into it. But that enough test came out saying that she could have like they found that she wasn't like having episode 2 point. Yeah. Basically she wasn't having a psychiatric. Okay, when this happened which to me is completely incomprehensible. Like how did you do that and not be having a psychotic? Otakon yeah, I don't know she just so angry. Maybe she's so so angry plus like her mother was like telling her all these things about how she hates men and sex and all this. Yeah. So like definitely builds like a horrible understanding of Or like maybe not even let me be a fear of in some ways maybe a like hatred of maybe an obsession with like controlling the narrative. I don't know. I'm not quite sure. Okay, but it's clear that yeah, her mother didn't help with this. Yeah. So then the judge decided to sentence her to a life of imprisonment and ordered that her papers be marked never to be released and she is never allowed to like be up for parole or anything which is the first I am that this is ever been imposed upon a woman in the entirety of Australia's history. Okay, which was in 2000. Well at that point it was probably like mm. So they're just like men men can be in prison for that long, but not women. It was just like they hadn't had a female like do that. Commit a crime like worthy enough of that sexy. Yeah, that makes sense because like women are awesome. There are just more I thought there's just more with men serial killers and or men killers and women Killers. Yeah neural. Yeah in June of 2006 Catherine appealed her conviction claiming that it was far too severe for what her crime was. So yeah, her her appeal was denied by like multiple judges one of them even wrote in his like ruling against it that this was an appalling crime quote. This was an appalling crime almost Beyond contemplation the civil Society yeah, which retweet I think yeah and that is the story of Catherine night. Oh my God Honestly though. I'm surprised she didn't kill more people seem it's clear. She was incredibly incredibly trouble like it took her like she definitely tried to kill other people but then she kept getting caught and not put to jail. Yeah. No one punished her. Yeah to put a baby on train tracks. Yeah, she wielded an axe in the center of town. She tried to stab her husband and scissors and then the other one with a knife and then she also kidnapped the woman at knifepoint who she had slashed and then kidnapped another boy and then she claimed she was trying to kill her husband and his mother and this guy that fix the car all of that did not get her in trouble. Yeah. I know that's just ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous. Like it's honestly like unfathomable that story just I'd like honestly sounds like it's made up. I know it's so wild. Well, that was great with brooms. Yeah, but that's how is the craziest? I think if anything that tells us why she wasn't in trouble because clearly there like judicial system is not the best at that point in time. What do we do? I don't know maybe hit her with some bristles. Okay. Well, I have to go clean out my room because we have a new roommate moving in. So I'm going to wrap this up. Okay with a giggle Okay this giggle I recommend because you definitely need one now. Yes. I was probably the most horrific one that we've had. Yep. I'm very sorry. So go relax watch something a little funny. We're going to recommend Parks and Recreations Season 5 Episode 18 and Little control good one go watch that. It's really funny Parks. And Rec is always a good laugh. I hear Joel moving around. I think it's time for me to go clean this room. Okay. And yeah, so if you enjoyed this episode, please go follow us on Instagram at one eye open podcast or follow us on Twitter at when I open pod, or you can hold on. I'm gonna chew You chose this we had 30 seconds left these side puzzling in your mouth. Sorry couldn't wait. You had like two more sentences OK swallowed. So give us a like on Facebook or email us at Oto POD at gmail.com. Yeah, and if you enjoyed this episode, please go rate and review us on iTunes. An apple podcast sorry, no no talking about is lie. Then you can do bum, please go right interviews on Apple podcast. It really really does help. We're now up to too bad reviews folks that review. I know they're actually kind of laughed when I read them. I know I did too because he actually really like the podcast but can't handle our horrible sounds like they like make really weird sounds when they laugh. Yeah. It's like they make strange noises and I don't like that. I was like, yep, I understand. Yeah, I totally get it. Like honestly, I'm make sense. Okay. Well, thanks. Okay. Okay. I need you to go take a nice bath because you're clearly in a lot of pain. No, okay. I would never want to take a nice bath. I just sit on the couch.