Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning.We need to do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people? How do you introduce Rica to a new listener? The most classic one is McCollum abierto para. Musume not even gonna deny it. Did I warn and morning you guys? Yes, yes. It has been said by it's you know, people and person in general. Mmm introduce Rica to a new listener bouillabaisse suffer de Mariscos clam chowder Enola sinigang Etc. We better go so young. So shall you mean first you first got boy. I've never tasted. It's just like creamy creamy creamy seafood. Introduce Rica to a new listener Gastonia Makita see the Hulk go to menus or Mexican and laugh at that was Mac back out cunning a pet. Peeve. Number one my gosh introduce Rica to a new listener con gusto you shall begin and gift make sure the ballot Noosa rapper as the wrapper with a W Peridot peel gift. I'm gonna appreciate it more if you recycle your wrapper with a W where W which reminds me I have an update for Chico. Oh on oh that certain rapper on the other rapper introduced a new listener. If you want to know her birthday. Don't bother checking her Facebook has become friends. I swear like the video from Machado PLS City because like what is her birthday? Because I remember why didn't that not going to shout but I did want to ask her again. Yeah, so, you know, I figured I would just see it on Facebook, but it wasn't on Facebook. She on purpose didn't put it in as a test of true friendship. I'm sure I'm not the only one who does this. I'm sure well, you're the only one I know. I don't know anyone else. I feel like they don't say it the disciples eyelashes 30. That was such a fun show when it comes to like make up the Bible Motel again, right? So there you go the top 10 introduce Rica to a new listener. If you've got em, please go ahead and tweet us twitter.com slash rx9 3-1, please include hashtag the morning rush and hashtag introduce Rica to a new listener in all your green and since you mentioned a rapper Purrs and everything. Let me give my gift to recap because I wasn't able to give it to her last Friday. So happy birthday. You can check it out so we can end the NIU did see recycled. So yes, right. It is like my rapper don't you my favorite? I just put like a bunch of snacks the other one. Yes. I think you're gonna like that too. I hope it fit me being Minimalist, right? I mean no, I feel like oh my gosh, it's so cute. Oh, it's you period I'm not sure but they say it's super comfortable slippers. Yeah, I have to like one peso why because I gave her Footwear. You don't fire until walk away from you it is. Sugar free stuff. Oh yay. Yay. Oh, okay city council meeting with Bhai. Yeah. So there you go. 612 Get things going with music from Carly Rae Jepsen here on the morning Rush with Chico Marquis Rican Hazel all the way till 10:00 right here on the monster G over coffee manila's hottest monster RX 93.1. It's time for some hashtag T over coffee. So so then use half explains why she has yet to post a photo of her baby toulon's face on IG. She actually posted this on her. Her IG stories a couple of days ago. She says people keep asking why I haven't posted to Le Salon Salon swallow yet boy, eventually will sometimes I am not in a hurry and enjoying her every change. She is so precious. I've read comments like is your baby ugly aren't you proud of her? Because she abnormal amongst other things people need to remember life does not happen on IG. Yes. It's a great place to share things, but you don't have to share everything. It's not because it didn't happen on. Gee that it didn't happen in real life. This is exactly why I don't want her to be exposed to this type of make-believe world. Some people need to get wiser. I couldn't agree more with her statement just because he didn't post it on IG because I mean it didn't happen because so many things happened to me that I didn't get to post anymore. Just because you know, its it my hope my world doesn't revolve around it. I post when I can, you know, and I feel like comments. It will pop up like you chose your life to be you know in the public eye or choose to be in here. But if you like they don't owe you anything. Yeah, you know their baby. Yeah. Do you love you don't owe any explanation to anyone to write actually, that's true. And even though even the whole was using to protect her from that make-believe world. Not just the make-believe world that the protector from The Wire man is generous. Her baby is you know people will have something awful to say, you know, how like, okay. This is what this reminds me of is actually Harry and Megan every child of royalty. They have this thing that from the hospital they go to the front of the hospital steps with the baby and then people take pictures as in when they give birth. Everyone has done that from Diana to Kate and then when It was Megan's turn. They didn't know photos. They didn't people didn't see pictures of Archie until until he was a little bit bigger and people like were aghast. How could you not have veto pictures mean? We get it you want your privacy, but this is more of like traditional ready and you use you broke away from it and inasmuch as I'm not a big Megan fan. I'm all for it. Because you know, they're the parents and they don't want to make a circus out of lyrics show. Old no matter if tradition this dictates it yeah protect them and the moment they saw pictures of Archie people were horrible because he's adorable he's okay. So but people were saying he looks like okay this these are horrible comments. Okay, but like he looks like monkey which is so not true. He's not as cute as Harry. Hello. All you have to do is Google Harry's baby pictures and they look eggs. Actually the same it's like a carbon copy of Harry but people are just horrible. Like I said, no matter how cute your baby is. Yeah, they will see something horrible about it. Yeah, because you know, you're you know, you're so popular and you have tracked the good and you attract the worst and you know, if you have haters obviously either going to hate on your baby too and you want to protect them from that because it means about I can take it. But please don't say anything horrible about my child. There is a cure they just you know, they just want to say something because Want to put people down to make themselves feel better, right? So you do use salon and you do you with your baby and that was our hashtag to every coffee going to sound off send the hashtag to rx9 3-1 on Twitter G over coffee. Monster RX 93.1 time for the top 10 for today our birthday episode a little bit delayed by a couple of days introduce Rica to a new listeners who pretend this is the first time somebody's listening. So, how do you introduce her? Let's give you some some examples from the supermodel this guy introduced Rica to a new listener it adoring Kang hodong friend coulomb. name detail Gallo numbers Because if I'd been denied the motion as if today telegram birthday, I that's a stinky Facebook Fredo. I still won't tell you. Yeah Facebook friend got oh well better luck next year Jay. Christian says introduce Rica to a new listener means an insightful model has soup at least means Batman sight out of been says into This week a to a new listener show you my HD K Marquis. Not so HD D d-- U d-- I'm hidden desire or Edie exposed the I expose this hair. It's more like that. Our jugular says introduce Rica to a new listener going mad gigging mythical creatures for sure goes because it looks awesome. Yeah, but it goes Oh, yeah. Monkey questioning tight in the more gets messy stem measurement system doesn't always make sense better make systemic. Maybe that's why sometimes I see like random things because it in my head your head in the highlands. Yeah. I already had this conversation in my head. It's but gamma blurt out something. Yeah, and then you guys don't get it because you didn't hear that just might fit are says Is introduced Rica to a new listener. What Masha a judge Cohen handicap birthday? Hi, perfect guy y'all perfect. Perfect statement. Malagant III says illuma booting Anna not only bringing mikulin Saloon and sueldo be longer. Birds are still asleep. You guys do that. What? Yeah like your first well don't treat your parents coming casinos Choice my nature my family will be like, oh first of all the mom and you may be using Urban. He's a legacy. I own young man. I don't remember exactly my point. Is it gonna tow know with the by was Radio 1 and then I transitioned to being a jock, right? But of but by the time is Radio 1 when we have takeovers, but I don't like the one we were kind of getting paid. Yeah same so I don't know. That'd be swell. Do not give the actual but I'm young. I'm regular swell. Yeah, I may be the first real gig like yeah first major hosting am I gonna bet on? Yeah. No, I'm pretty sure I did. Yeah, it's one point. I'm sure Bernard over 800 pesos in the first 20 Lenka you know, I'd pizza for long no purse well before I was a waiter. I'd like my parents weren't in Switzerland. So you had your cell the all to yourself and you filters introduced Rica to a new listener. Shh. Hey Meg like man, you sure. Let's pick Melissa and rapper weeks ago if you like anime. Wow, and which rapper about a bank robbery. Can you put it up for you babe? I gotta go. Malicious a robber fired. The only time we mentioned except when you play their song, okay now don't be that for about a beach because I don't like them that way. Okay, I like their songs. I just hope her Farm. Where do you want to see this happen easily? She wants had a dream. That's all we're gonna say. It's all super just clean with a well that now of this one. Lots of like a band recommend sandwich from he's a political game with you want your be? Guys, this was the dream. Okay, this is what's the dream. I was sitting down in a restaurant. That's hot but Co you get some brothers up in then that's it, you know horn and then subconscious one might be telling you something if your world, you know feeling like they were here. When they guessed it here or they went to a concert and I don't know you wouldn't get angry easily convinced about Anika crave Kellerman Twin Pop sees BRB crying literally. Don't worry. We'll put you in between them looking through apples Baby Q BB and the top introduced Rica to a new listener. Let's make it a tie our jugular and the super mollusk. They both say our jugular says cancel on her and you'll get Cancel that. Oh, oh, yeah, baby, but you did say in imagining. He's up Killin sign them when they don't stop at these men and women, but I just wanted to accept that some people are just really horrible something and then they would cancel last minute and they go. Oh what a horrible person X the wedding didn't consider it. I'm already here. Isn't that like two hours three hours named Jocelyn. Even I'm better length of time morning you thing is at night. Yeah. I'm not it. Good morning Granny where their plans. If it's too close notepad, and we're going to come back side my nanny but you know, what if you really have to know I was her I plan my data garlic even with my workouts or if I'm gonna cook olive oil. Yeah, and then if you say we're gonna have dinner so chambray it going good and hot before that was by the time they make the dinner now I'm like shopping in the home of you loot or whatever. That was big long. Uh, sorry, I can make it a lot more than I think I'm gonna have you ever F owed someone because of that I know man, but you know, they're just he thought about it yet. I thought about it and for me, they couldn't actually invite to live but I'm gonna go that's true. Yeah, we're going to be friends. But yeah you invite me I'm going to show up, but I'm never going to invite you and for all. From the super- guy introduce you get to a new listener, I muggy in Accra Ghana and I'm Bob and get numb pronouns with anything. I don't know. IVF my bed Watch it. Yeah, that's difficult when she bad she bad she bad, please include the morning Rush. #introduce Rica to a new listener in all your Tweet. Good morning Rush top 10. Monster RX 93.1 time for the top ten for two days. Good morning to all the monsters tuned in. Hello two fabri n my BB heart is happy. Thank you Mama Hazel hottie but you don't believe you what what's going on homonym BV. Opening my BB heart is happy. Thank you Mama. He's a hottie. I don't get it. But whatever your mama because I played it for you. You're welcome to Binky. Good morning. Happy first working day of March prepare for preparing for warmer weather. So hello. I do my lady Supergirl. Happy Monday. Hello to Mars, Kaysville CJ and all the rushers and through Diego son. Happy birthday, Rica. GGG. Here's your sister doing Bernanke. What does that we are not see me Mia some song. Oh, sorry, but thank you. Hi to Homer Bodega and picnic cool because meow I listen to an old episode before going to sleep last night. So I dreamed about meeting and having dinner with the morning Rush Pete. Oh, wow. Hello to Harold ickes, man. Oh, yeah that girl belated. Happy birthday. We could use GG thank you and last one to Lila boy. Good morning, and I have a wonderful day today. Good morning everybody. All right to me. We've got our top 10 introduce Rica to a new listener our little little bit delayed because we had a lot of good naps in your napkin naps last Friday. So we're doing the top 10 introduce Rica to a new listener from a turbine the in Autumn pero Hindi gospel. The America we have a cup when it comes to how much you'll spend but in the world. Yeah, parent more or less not an actual number bear more or less cup of butter on my Jewel as you're drinking now because I also have this thing even though I'm drinking I am covid in Latin. Chiricahua. Especially Money Matters. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I remember how much was it? I don't know it was and practice. That is a I gonna do too long. But the thing is, I remember that and I remember everything because he knew Napolitano shirt Co yeah, who's he knew feeding them color? As you know, in ignore guys housemate moped literally seen epact calendar. I mean I expected okay in my defense I would have helped you out if you were if you were alone. Like I said, I'm badly. As it turns out, even when when one of my best friend's got super drunk after her wedding, they're tuned in by the way. So hello to the newlyweds Hannah and Argosy. No, but when she was like, you know, she was all over the place. I was there. I was ready to help her out. Then when I saw the everybody was like, you know, she had like a good one number of people already helping her out. I was like, okay, we got this, you know, I'm like you belong Floor water turning the medpar, but I don't know. Two pairs of hands would be better than this. That happened my well accomplished. I wish I wish it wasn't my birthday a no-show. Let's take a simple minimal am and everything like that if she were key about I know highlighting Saturday more. Well, we went to work the world. We had a steak on. Okay. Yeah, no go from the stick off. We went to work no work to work the world some meet and greet greet. Oh, thanks. Bye baby. I'm about ready for the passes. Oh my God. I'm here back in Italian theme song for the show the work work work work. I mean somebody what I mean II ii o and the plan work the Bobbitt work. Yeah, it really work work work. Its work the real okay, because they said maximum of three at a time right her proposal but then we hear they go put down sector where there's four of us and we're working on show so so maybe you know do some coming up so you can talk to the people are like, oh no, it's our backyard connection with him, right? So Behold Marquis really worth it. Yes, and we got to take a photo all of us together with a queen's. Yeah, you know two of us didn't I Winning Side? Come on Ichigo Oh, you mean the boring side hardly really know but it was yeah, so it was quite an experience right is lot of fun. We're super nice area like like I was Like what are they going to do? I mean, I wasn't really sure I mean I love the show. I was like but it's a concert. What exactly is my gosh? It was so good. I know your face your face through the with that rocket know it seems like bothersome concertmaster course man, everything everything. Yeah. It's got everything and so it was so entertaining. There was a point during the show night. I felt like I was massage judging panel on RuPaul's Drag Race and as this watching them all perform together. Whether it was just so much fun. But then after work the world things got even more info. Yeah, we went to the after party there. Yeah, so we saw I know we saw the drag performers of the Philippines and I really like some of the best they were bringing drag performance. Oh, yeah, they've seen elsewhere. They also opened the show. We open the show, but there is a whole different experience and some of them guessed it already on H OT like yeah. Queens from old bar. So he had three of them a couple of years back. We all go to one show I would would have been a lot of fun. So Mark you went to that after party and we went to a different after party whoo and photos. I am Shady Queen We were literally like but informal and pick another it was hot lava. Also Gabby Skipton system even better after after. Coffee the bar sabhi KO caitlinfinnegan clay go into Starbucks. We usually save Yer just leave your drinks at my table or whatever. Oh, yeah. I always clear. I always felt very specific a calculator. Why do we? Okay, so the top 10 introduce Arigato a new listener. Our jugular does not pass in Playland three words our resident alcoholic. Yeah, because you have the three of us is Demarcus is enough. Yeah. Yeah, but intense but in there Hazel and I almost never oh we hardly. Hope I don't want a loan company Market. No, I think you're more regular nice little more like I think I think when you go out you both drink, but you go out more. Yeah Caleb I am karate always go out marketing hardly goes out, but when he goes out, he drinks coming soon Hazel we would go out rarely and there are times we go out. You don't he rarely do we don't drink I have like diet soft drinks one out of 100 times. He's a real drink Chico depends on you know, your neck big guy if you give oh, yeah, I remember Depends on the stimulus. Jay Christian says introduce Rica to a new listener at the major Nepal economy and Jeanetta from Jay Christian, but may harmonizing satyam are talking and me up in a mob on boys boys. Sanitary and then Maxim the winter says young boss is now you lagging Mangini ba-bow pugna harmonizing you made your paneer. Ha ha you heard me when I was in 3rd year high school or second-year high school. I was in the Glee Club. Was that the peak of yours. Yeah. I sit. I'm gonna blend nominal g/l a mo. Oh my gosh, I'm gonna peddle my Baba did not miss a gun. I was the guy part because it wouldn't want a flat chest to the whole nose in high school. I was only one you putting reason and the super malice guy says my lucky. I'm allow a musical interests. Yeah. Malaka, Ariana be annoyed. Jazz Singer no co-host. Yeah. Yeah. That's my man. That's a spectrums of everything about him loves music. Yes music hmm. Mike Pereira says introduce Rica to a new listener if you want to make her laugh tomorrow mcdo cannot tell you how many things you probably get off there. The Jana triggered that okay Hazel hiya nag and that not triggered it. Hi Hazel cayetana snap to the test. See Hazel capacity-building been the dominant. Six months. Yeah, my friend, Michelle. He'll spelling nothing. He Zio. I don't political that Geo Gannon. Really Myla going T to be no rapper like the action. Get soccer and they don't report this our jugular says introduce Rica to a new listener Kumail akkad. Lagging G3 Kijiji Republicans Elka Ge Ge Ge Ge Ge but it's like I don't know and then your pet peeves go. Well exactly like it happens to every element it's normal for me. Hit that guy. It's like I think I'd only be like that Guru guessing like for me Perico young not excite. Now we're going to or whatever. I'm lazy. Like I think with with friends or hyelin. I'm more chilled about a little do something else or more time I get to spend with baby whale No, even put that in there. Let's see that's over. That's all I can always like to stay with the cats. You'll have yeah, so Morgan along a former of baby, it's Omar canceled black. I'm actually okay unless unless I gave up something for that. Yeah, then I'd be pissed Tim. I'd be really pissed. We got it instead of going here. That is have been happening my life at dial. I'm going I mean I canceled it. Yeah, or I skip the opposite would be Monday to Lloyd. Yeah better pack regular Locker. I'm usually very chill need to be with someone. I thought gets more points friends die or you wouldn't do that to me. It would never I don't know. I would never meet up with someone and you couldn't even see our friend the lob h-2b behave if you've been to push a catchphrase. Betsy to be um, sometimes sometimes I actually feel relieved we don't think it's an introvert thing, but it's multiple times. I was already there. Comes from because me else's Gonzales recipe BD her tagline would be hung baby-faced maldita. And Steve's to be its are we going to make this a big really I wanted to addition before you should have before cuz it before it was a traveling. Yes. Yes. Yes. This - cycle will continue to see Laguna but then somebody told me that I don't know now, they already had pick the contestants in barangay know until I'm free. I know so measure that discourage a horde know maybe maybe a couple All the time, but a lot of them a lot of the I wanted to know the legatus. I wanted the test like on the second day or third day bug didn't plan on coffee with a spoon. Is there the Bowery thank you so much. Test Lang Yung Bhai. Yes, my just wanted to see everything inside. Yeah, and then because I don't want to see anything black coffee with this pool boys with the mics or something, please correct me if Robin I think that's why I liked you better metal spoon, but I don't think that's weird because they usually have a lot of noise than the money. Yeah. I don't know if that is are but I know you would have been like that. Why was a miracle? Oh Jaden and pero Hindi raadhika ji, Dae young and Babyface my teeth and I'm buying your Slender Man. You see bullshit. The last key means I said that I mean so the top 10 cabin am always gotta introduce Rica to a new listener. If you've got entries go ahead and tweet us twitter.com slash rx9 3-1, please include hashtag the more rush and hashtag introduce Rica to a new listener and I'll refresh Monster RX 93.1 time for the top ten for two days and let's start off with our chuckle are introduced Rica to a new listener. Ayan Mo lamb chop a glassy tippling a telegram only happened one. That only happened once Fare well, nevermind because I'm super scared because I mean the about what I know nobody's gonna take care of me. So I'm scared to go home. I got no one so never fall. Each ending at birdie toes are stationed by Roberts bastard. Oh, yeah said bathroom. Yeah. I just slept on the floor and they just left me, and I'm so happy the next day. I was texting everybody. Thank you for letting me sleep the last time. I'm Sheena going to see Jesus because he tried to help you. You tried to have me why didn't you just bring you here and you know here these are real people. Yeah, we'll hear a lot of people a lot of people here. You just slept in the baño. I didn't feel it introduced Rica to a new listener from a turbine and Arch agilar to quote Chico Garcia Rica. Come on, come on, Kathryn Bernardo. Guardi Nobody Does the role cached inside a movie where a couple Lindsay Catherine's eyelashes. Murica natural has introduced Rica to a new listener shank inspiration is Ian Duncan impose new chandelier. Well to be specific in Long partner 1 2 3 drink 1 2 3 Alcoholic. I just enjoy my dream last night. My mom goes a soon after dinner. So no me no me. No, you don't have to but I got you now ya go son says introduce Rica to a new listener logins in Assisi you internet connections abou we're on Toto dialing numbers on you. Wow, really now? Alright perfect guy, sometimes it really is and then sometimes okay. I don't have to explain myself. Just sometimes it happens. Okay, it's happened and the supermodels guy says introduce Rica to a new listener Mary July baf. Yeah bear on Toto marooned in Bashar. Igf-1 APA applicants welcome our jugular says introduce Rica to a new listener became aligned Amara and preferably see Mark. Hi. Wow. I mean, I'm always nice to Mark big liking may have a good arm. With a future says introduce Rica to a new listener shut down polling Data Mining and covid they say alcohol protected inside and out. Oh my God, that's good. I was so scared over the weekend cuz you know how I like having long nails be like it gives me flare or whatever, but I recently I caught it super short to say your phone on me. I don't know to get stuff in there. That's awesome. So now I have short nails super welcome to the club. I know. Select polygonal shapes to make up for the short nails. I was so hungover over the weekend that I had to buy something and vitamins. Yeah be complex. Dao-12 deep. Well, yeah. Yeah, you're supposed to be much better after or you're supposed to take it before you drink. Like let's say you're going to go out tonight drink because B12 before you party. So the next day it's going to help with your you're not going to get a hangover B12. Yeah, have you tried that the boy? I think naropa is R&D 12 I get specific the B12. Yeah, if you take the pill in its purest form. It's amazing. Mmm. Elegant tea tree says she is an a SS enough non-surgical surgeon weathering binibining Tick-Tock 2012. I guess all my inspiration from Nick world the big June June says show you what I don't like is a long but nigga out of town. Hello inspired to be a Solo Traveler and the top introduce Rica to a new listener. And this is so true roots and Tanya see Rica going the cash or which is which magua picture Casa TMR hosts continuing Alibis and Ela. Hey, that's true same. Mm boring, but was if I don't do anything with my hands, but start tongue or tongs hands are tied the next time the top ten, um introduce Rica to a new listener. It is her little bit delayed Birthday Episode. Go ahead and tweet us twitter.com slash RX 9 3 One, please include hashtag the morning rush and hashtag introduce Rica to a new listener and all your Tweet monster RX 93.1 time for the top 10 for today. Good morning to all the monsters tuned in hello to Christian snow. I know there's a photo photo. Good morning to you and to my my dad's Kitty big with mayura apple butter Pusheen Mimi's at the bot chazal pepper Beery choco, Pringles and your highness queen. Bee Sandy San Gabriel. Hello there. Hi, I'm Betty Suarez. Can you request Jackie to sing Happy Birthday song for Jeff or Rica sequencing ago in here? Happy birthday. Happy birthday Rica. Happy birthday. Jackie thanks guys. Hello to Bob. Good morning to Valiant cat and bacteria after Joe and the rest of the village, I guess Kids daddy Gorgon. It looked at Jessica Chan and Sanjay Coons and Lila Chris belated. Happy birthday to your dad and to Leah. Good morning. What's up to Troy? Latte? And that's it the morning every morning. Can we explain this picture? What? Because of what picture I see basketball. Oh everybody pictures and like 90s. I was a child exactly. That's all right. So introduce Rica to a new listener, let's start off with melago 93 going to Chico collector Nang toys Siri common collector, and I'm dandruff ha ha I know. Yeah, we used to play this game and I think great so you're really kids so Guam and um, I know I know Bond paper this Pippin Pippin anime, so it becomes like a portion becomes black. That would be cool, Nick Haines. I find it. So funny that they did that before her still have the collection so far. So we throw it away. It's about Heidi. I'll never know. That's super - guys. Well, I mean from what I've been in from the fish. I've been eating this guy says introduce Rica to a new listener propagation e Hazel hottie. Oh, I'm sorry Bo. Well, the fruit doesn't fall far from the tree. Hazel it was a proud. Wow, the big June June says introduce Rica to a new listener Pia Nipomo High Lamas a inertia ahead. as a shanty happiness for me I would want to have like a or to develop like a minimalist lifestyle but it's just human and human again I go outside before it wasn't and before because I also lived in like a bigger house well with my parents and I we do not move in a hole in this apartment I was like I want I want to live minimalist lifestyle but I don't mean heat up Paula and there's a show yeah I don't eat up to 80 house know about minimalism it's a document you should also watch other YouTubers but then every time heat up a lot to cut down on your stock yellow yeah cuz he would always acquire new things also there were big big Berg says if you're a cute guy availing of her makeup Services look at that was Kenya and make up some Aloha nikhil apiece nyang That wasn't true. That's why I always wear a mask because it just because it blew my laptop has a phase number playing ah chambray or phenomena. Pardon me if I talk to myself awake or whatever, but also bring in the element X is smiling. That's why you were wearing a mask with all those rugby players even with you with you. Most of all, I think designer Hans. Each says introduce Rica to a new listener kalon unquote Paris IG caption more contact. Rica wildfires is aluminum classic seeing kapag. May Allah Medica you guys Yvonne a mile away. It says introduce Rica to a new listener. Hindi po. Aglaia, Lebanon jeans neela geylang jsrf parama maintain your collar at the mascara. Ask her come on young piña colada, girl my Indian three months, but they see three months. Really? Yeah, that's not really get. Yeah and dirty. I think we tested it before unless you I love my on the bottom the top when a sauce or whatever, but you keep it tidy like We single day the facility in the freezer. Not serger freezer may not even a new species tested before it's still the same. I love my own I seem long amount of bacteria in it, but remind me never to get anything from your freezer, like I clearly see that it's the Jeep. Unfortunately now, I can't do it anymore because I'm just waiting for the freezer. Mulligan teach Reese's introduce Rica to a new listener aside from her camera roll she has two separate folders in her Gallery one entitled quotes screenshots and the other one entitled Marquis I have to say I'm a out there she said no wonder yeah my Marquee I don't know magandang example good girl gone bad I best example the top 10 introduce Rica to a new listener go ahead and plead us twitter.com rx9 everyone please include hashtag the morning rush and hashtag introduce Rica to a new listener and all your tweets monster R XL e 3.1 time before the weekend Hollywood box office February 28 to March 1 2022 new movies part of the top five the new number one is the Invisible Man something you want to watch opening with 29 million dollars Elisabeth Moss of course in the movie and then it's very much talked about number to last week's number one Sonic the Hedgehog adding 16 million to ants one hundred twenty eight point three million dollars total how did it fare as an animated film versus let's say Pokémon the movie well was the biggest right Chico was talking about it a couple of weeks ago detective Pikachu did you watch no I haven't but it does it is now the current winner for like movies that were adapted from game your game video game internationally you're right yes because we're just talking about um North American figures with the 128 points 3 million so more money globally very surprising given all the bad press that it got usually it doesn't bode well for a movie for to get so much bad press this has like one of the worst bad presses but became a huge box office hit it defied the odds number three The Call of the Wild was thirteen point two million Dollars only in its second weekend at number four another new movie My Hero Academia Heroes Rising when 5.1 million dollars and top five is bad boys for life with four points three million its total is now up to a hundred ninety seven point four million dollars traditionally. This is you know, the quiet these are the quiet months leading up to I mean right after the Oscars because you No, everyone's talking about like Oscars Oscars Oscars. And then after that there's this lull before the summer months come in in the US which is June. So technically it's six months of like okay long usually the films that on naw naw naw naw Oscar and film not yet Blockbuster. These are this is the season where you you can all the other movies you test the waters. Yeah. Yeah, but there you go. Have you seen the trailer of The Invisible Man? Yeah. Looks very intriguing looks very intriguing and critics have good things to say about it. Oh, really? Yeah, so I want to check that out. All right, but that's it for the news here on the morning Rush Migos featuring Young Thug and Travis Scott up next right here on the monster. Monster RX 93.1 time for the top ten for two day introduce Rica to a new listener her, you know belated birthday episode. Let's start off with my Lagoon T3. Marami shankill along artista chalong Naman Ang. Schoolmate man enough non-carpeted, nanananana. Ha ha ha RAB NE proud. But okay, you've been sending her but his schoolmate this next batch. I didn't know that. Okay, I'm proud Bunyan had named in Canaan Obi-Wan. Kenobi says introduce Rica to a new low. Listener I'm dr. Kiama ramming alarms Anatomy both male and female of course and + OB Diva like you're Whispering. Mom, your mom quavo says Rica's way of telling a joke number one tells the Joel then laughs by herself. Number two explains the job topic India and India, which usually happens. And number three going well and Metallica move on the Le ha ha ha or killing holy thinning job because you guys were talking over me 70 70 says introduce Rica to a new listener. The bottle of isil and Garcia's a show young Issa Queen. So silica on Princess and then more like handmade I had made hail. Oh, that's not a good hat. Like it's not a good story and means it's not that good stuff Have you ever watched read it? Oh, I've read it be the fruit but it's so graphic when you actually read the the novel she thinner the bus. I'm trying to be on TV. I'm trying to picture how the Oh My Gosh watching a porn it Kate. Just the first episode Rica made me watch a video that everything is so super disturbing yeah and lock on Stratus has introduced Rica to a new listener wolong of are conversations afonya lahat on air I thought this is this is our job I mean why stuff that reminds me so we're talking about handmaid's tale how I like you know those kinds of movies and photos just last yeah yesterday my mom and I watch this one movie on Netflix it's called Fall From Grace but I'm gonna yeah it's true I did watch it I just saw it it's not true crime it's just crime and Injustice but I'm getting good in shh and then I realized where all my Fascination from True Crime and all these movies came from it's from my mom your mom couldn't so bring into like we had to delete going to mass and your mom thing my mom the animal before when I had cable yeah you less a crime or are you not really cause I don't like that ever since you masako Soho because I don't like seeing pictures of actual dead people so the mommy strong she's into that I greeted mommy's GI happy birthday Mommy's happy birthday Mom he's from I think you know I think wives are really into True Crime because if I don't I think they have in their head played out patience and Hope my goodness I've been so good at multi-story he cheats on you I think at one point or another they played it out in their head their board nah you know it's like yeah and the top introduced Rica to new listener comes from Justin Diana just in Siena says shop oh Young Love Child me Martha Stewart at Snoop Dogg fake and they have a show together so Rica should be like that joke yes sides of Rico ah my big mouth it's a gangsta is a very like wow well they both like to bake yeah that's true that is but you knew what about like Martha Stewart I love it as it may one time it's a strong episode on her show and the globe as long as I know log cutter India Nepal rang you put delivering it's like everybody has that in their own home asthma is nobody in English answer with the exam papers have a yeah but I don't take out all of your sandpaper and your wood varnish and we're going to start and I'm like I don't have all of you okay Annie those you mention my favorite was slap soils soils and released I remember in school before made a concerted Beecher I know it's that English and bottom so I love me cat mm what's that youngster in the flat the one with a flat and dry you're good at it if the wood is still rough Union like monks shave actually that's got them so Define katom the school classmate mom young sounding guitar loot hashtag the morning rush and hashtag introduce Rica to a new listener in all your tree but guess what have tickets to give away actually VIP invites to the monster movie premiere of onward and it's already happening tonight at Venice Cineplex Cinema One McKinley Hills if you wanna get two tickets so U plus 1 you won't have to claim your tickets here just go straight to the cinema and yeah popcorn and drinks on us right yeah IP winner all you have to do you okay I already have okay all you have to do is give us five names okay of any of the TMR crushes all I any of the hosts Crush has five behaves And that was I know but I will just confirm or will deny it. Good night. Okay, like as a group all together or not. Just denied denied to go like oh, you know what he did the night I get a call her already. Okay, let's get this over with let's do this. Hello. I know a lot methodical, but I know my DNA also just five name. It's okay again, five names of any of the could make it. Hello. Hi. Good morning. All right, who's this? can you name 5 DMR crushes without without saying room don't be shocked yes in this particular movie Chris Brown yeah all right we'll give you those advice please stay on the line so you can get your info I will hunt you down Tina see you later we have a winner let's play more music here on the monster good morning Rush top 10 monster RX 93.1 final top 10 for today of course this is the belated birthday episode of Rica GGG and so we've got the top 10 5 crushes needs to introduce we got to a new listener that's the actual title of the actual hashtag okay so let's start off with Dexter introduce Rica to a new listener someone who likes to say I love my own you know whenever she has a hard time example I know they notice they always send my sentences with or whatever oh yeah surprise and gift imagine in Morag regardless our Jonas a box Pokémon I'm Le Monde Godzilla that's my favorite FYI for my birthday and then Rica gave me a gift LMAO coin Bank yes give me a coin on top so on the box it says Pikachu right Pikachu coin bank or something and then when I opened it up go put that on me blue and then so we decided to put a coin and then a little more busty god well you love oh my love adapt at Casa Mancini Dexter says introduce Rica to a new listener shy young Secret Love Child Michiko Garcia at knee Jean - Robyn I saw her somewhere that was nothing like I had to make a joke man unicorn Oh, no, I love this entry introduce Rica to a new listener. Shell you older sister, Nicci, Co Garcia. But the nth above 30 years two years inside that so 3075 introduced to a new listener my eye on things. Oh, yeah. And I love by Les Lisa's Love by conversation Love by Leslie says introduce Rica to a new listener. She is into those investigative police procedurals. it was like Criminal Minds and empty yeah super what else Criminal Minds well mind Hunter recently super good but it's a no no they're not renewing it what yeah they're not ready okay I'm mad there were seeing I mean the guy lift my mind Underpants oh no I also like unbelievable on Netflix because if I don't my Jamaican enjoy because it's Toni Colette show yeah yeah and Kikkoman machine says may not you were lashing sobrang important so she ended up saving money to buy the exact same thing so the one who gave it to her won't notice yeah thank you for refilling this is a very big star yeah I told you guys what this was yeah so see there are off air conversations for me mmm what's wrong in my favor not so much for are you my leg on Pete reset introduce Rica to a new listener Kappa gimmick punggildang puso para Sa Yo Kabongo I made by luck so far Friday but crazy only fried in a palpable more of this yeah it's a goodbye thing I know every other gotta be more fun ah young I know you in business pray and the top introduced Rica to a new listener perfect because this is a radio Jerry comes from Mark you said Mike Isabella says all her sentences begin with wait a minute and end with there you go or whatever or whatever or whatever or I know you and with perfect guy oh okay what about us mmm your juice Rica to a new listener we share the same socks we do you might melt the same within you said he smells amazing yeah I mean yes it smells like flowers flowers plastic introduce Rica to a new list I literally declined all because of Rica rabbit ha ha ha. I got an animal point and as you can see Rica perishing I know but perishing human of food to Starbucks Wait, nothing that way if you meet her initially like how you would eventually know her if you get to know her it's actually super different the initial the initial like impression super I'm not been opened before us a super a different way. in the morning hot water but I must climb really I must say I think I see markup are imaginable no no no I actually were quite similar or very similar in that aspect young. It takes a while before we warm up a couple more. I don't know what happened after that that all see Rica is annoying it's enough first I'm gonna bust a believe me see Rica shuffling ex-roommate go the ex-friend goes on the inside Circle of Friends kibou hi no but I like about Greek I the most is she super I know but I'm introduce you guys to a new listener that baja cowgirl yeah mix of brown fat cowboy boots I mean you know what I mean a lot of stuff you comparing she's very down for anything anime on but um if you want gonna take the bus you will take that you better washing or Taylor she doesn't care comparing one popping up now gamma judge or whatever she doesn't care even if she has a crime she drives sheshe but you know if she wants to community welcome you if she wants to you know I don't know walk walk so why are your friends I appreciate that about her but she actually she opened my eyes about and damaging my introduce Ocarina stuff that the buggy buggy buggy like the cheat each other walk like one foot in front of the other yeah you learn a lot of practical start with the East and then what to do I like how to make your mama clean Right now meet of natural ingredients Morgan on but I would never I would always just think I'll just buy at the supermarket, but three cocking actually make her own Rica stool. Yeah, but the only ice cream that's my reading some electrons. Happy birthday. memes to review your lining well I think fresh modern and we're gonna be living at the mm picture and that they make cool no sad 3D of Me no you sound great with all Barack Obama I think but yes but thank you for thank you for joining us this one from Charlie lemon Lin Ying hummingbird on the monster by