Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment come into your body. And to just feel how you're feeling right now. So get into a comfortable position to start with you can do this laying down or sitting up with your back straight and your feet. On the ground and you can do this in the morning or in the evening whenever you feel like you need to relax and connect back to yourself. So take the position that you feel the most comfortable in right now. And just try to release and relax down. And as you get into the position where you can release and surrender. Just start feeling how the body feels right now consciously bring your awareness down from your head and your mind into your body and let it become your body and your emotions your feelings and Sensations. So we release the need to think to control. and just start being feeling without labeling and take a deep breath in. And exhale through your mouth and release down even deeper. Take a deep inhale through your nose again and exhale through your mouth and dive deeper into yourself. and one more time inhale new energy into your body and exhale what no longer strengthens you were in Paris you And feel how weight is lifting off your body. And how you become more and more aware of the sensations in your body. Feel a deep relaxation from the top of your head your crown pouring down and relaxing your forehead and your eyebrows your eyes and eyelids your cheeks mouth and tongue. and Jaws feel how the relaxing sensation continues down to your throat shoulders your chest and your heart. Feel how it releases any tensions around your heart. And how it starts opening up your heart. Feel the energy from the heart moving out into your arms into your hands and fingers and feel how your palms feel right now. Feel the energy that is flowing in and out of your palms energy that is flowing in through your palms are moving in towards your heart. And from your heart energy flows out through your palms as healing warming energy. Feel how you relax through your ribs and your whole stomach. Your whole back and your whole spine. Relax your hips. Your pelvis your thighs your knees your calves. Shin bones your feet and your toes and feel the energy and sensation in the soles of your feet. Feel the energy that is Flowing from the center of the earth into your body. Feed our energy is pouring out and down through your feet into the core of Earth. You are interconnected. You're safe and grounded right now and always. Feel how your entire body is totally relaxed feel the weight under your body and feel how the Earth is holding you up keeping you safe and grounded nurtured and loved always. Feel the sensation on your skin from the air around your body. And if a thought comes up Let it float away on a leaf in a stream of water. And just notice how the breath is moving in and out from your nose. Notice where the breath goes in your body. And how it feels when you're breathing in and out naturally. Release with every exhalation tensions that are still left in the body that exhalation release and softened the body. imagine How you're connected? through energy frequencies to the core of the earth and you can see how the core of the earth is a giant crystal that is just emitting energy and light to your body strengthening you healing you Keeping you safe and grounded right here. And right now you are safe and you are loved. And just feel the sensations within your body the crown of your head how it's opening up like a lotus flower receiving energy that is divine from the universe. Feel how your third eye is feeling how it brings you Clarity visions and dreams. Feel the energy in your throat and neck. the channel for truth feel how your heart feels the seat for unconditional love and healing. Feel your solar plexus your energy and drive. Field energy below your navel the seat of creation creativity sensuality. And feel the bottom of your spine your pelvis your route, which grounds you down into your body and onto this Earth and feel how energy is flowing through all of these chakras. energy Williams and how the colors red orange yellow green blue indigo blue and a white bright light is infusing throughout your whole body surrounding you and your aura. And expanding out into the room. all the way around the Earth and stay and be in this sensation as long as you need. Before you come back to your body and your breath. Slowly waking up feeling more present rested healed and energized. Take your time.