I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah. At some point baby will be the newest member of Team baby will be the new team single you'd completely threw me. I thought that's got came up with that earlier today. I was excited about it. Well for her lifetime daddy says she's probably gonna be teasing of rest of her life, Uncle Mike says as well team single forever. Let's go guys, but who's not to be team single forever, but we're lucky to have her opinion as a single woman while he have it. Yeah, the ladies let's go. We're up in here in the IG live ready to take your phone calls. Everybody keep putting in the comments where you would take Lanisha out on a first date and the season she will pick one lucky winner baby is we do all of your guys, you know, how we do this show we're going to run through all the couple's two of them extremely quickly three of them, not so much. We're To talk about what happened this episode. We are going to be taking the calls live. So if you guys remember last week, we said we're going to do live calls this week. We're going to do it again next week. So if you're watching us, we're going to tell you what to do a live view can't make it with us this show and then of course, we're going to have our special segment at the end where we rate our couples but let's get it going Lanisha overall. What did we think of tonight's episode? Well my gosh crazy as heck and I think it's an I think it's a little bit funny to me how we saw all these disaster couples and then we have this one cute couple that has nothing. No problems. Number two half. I would be like them. I wouldn't want to say anything either because I'm just like y'all is miserable. Okay, you know what? I I'm happy for them and we'll talk about Jessica and Austin but overall, I just cannot wait until next episode because it's like okay that's when stuff really hits the fan but I'm interested to talk about making Michael today cuz I'm yeah sure people are going to have some opinions and I love it. I'm ready for it. I loved I love the juxtaposition this episode Everybody's cloth each other's throats. And then Jessica Dawson are baking cookies. It's like it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. You couldn't write it. Let's just start right off with them. I mean, okay, they're have barest to tell the uncle other couples how good it's going for them because they know you know, what else is really having a great time except for Katie and Derek, but they know awesome Jessica know that they are just better than everybody else. It's so easy. They make cookies with a new Is it piwo a lot of drama and that of course and then they do the big Spinning Wheel thing where they do sexy stuff in Austin does his awkward lap dance and that's about it. I mean we start with them because they're kind of the most boring because they're just doing so great at Li The Producers have no drama at it in so what do you say about him? I mean, I love the sexy dance. I'm here that was pretty sexy to me. Would you guys do it? Well, first do I but the wheel the damn been there done that darling? Yeah. Yeah, a couple times over here. Actually, I'm a married one and we can do that. That's right. That's right. I think from me. The one thing I just want to say about Jessica Austin is that I kind of wish they would have dumped, you know, not been so ashamed to be happy because first of all people need to see that like no need to see that there. At that marriage can actually be a happy place but also they could have went further to say instead of like gloating and rubbing it in people's faces. They could say you know, what? We are one a little lucky that it turned out so great to wear so happy because of these are the things that we're trying like giving them a little kid it like giving them know why what because because they and I'm going to put Katie and Derek in there too because I think hitting Derek are fine. I think the little tiny bit of drama From Katie side is little bit manufactured a little bit overplayed regardless, they have something that the other couples don't they fundamentally like each other. It's just the Jessica Anne Austen. Yeah, they like each other they're attracted to each other. So no no matter how much like, you know, guys, I'm really trying to talk to each other and Bala. No. No, the other couples don't like each other. That's okay. That's the luck part I'm talking about but I like the way he's a couples are going to gain anything positive from them saying This is what we're kind of doing. Yeah at a base level the other ones don't like you but they're not trying that's the thing like Shake can't get past that and nishal very important piece of not being injected to the rider. But yeah, that's all I have to say with about them. But yet it made sense to me. You don't want to rub it in people's faces, especially I mean if people are feeling down that'll just make them feel that much worse. Like I bet I can't Relish in your negativity. Like no. Yeah, so but it eventually they're just going to stop going to breakfast with all these people. I just have like they're nice one time. I'll find some good just skip right to Katie and Derek then because you guys disagree with me that they're pretty hunky-dory. They do the normal stuff that she talks about kind of getting over it. They play sexy Jenga. I do really like their Drinker. Um, I think I appreciate the fact that the last the last episode was really about him feeling like he can't really get there and her feeling like she can't really let her guard down like there was kind of like the circle and while she does need to obviously stop thinking about her ex first and foremost. Yes, make an appearance this episode, right? Only wish you would I'm kind of 82 but I need him to come I appreciate that. He is asking her like what what can I do? Yeah, and she's like, okay manhandled me blah blah blah and he's like, okay and he's following through with it. So he's like, you know what? I'm going to make you love me. Yeah. Okay, you know those kind of things I feel like are going to kind of help him get to love her. Yeah. He's trying and I appreciate the try. But do I think the drama is over? Really not know and I talked about this also with my roommates before like there's such thing as love language and we were just talking about like what is everybody's what is everybody's love language and I like how this one kind of forced them to say. This is what I like. I want you to grab me. I want you to do this because that's how Katie hazrat Ali has to be soft with me. So I do like this game with them and I think yeah, it will help them communicate better. To me the fact that they didn't talk about any of the past drama this episode reinforced to me that there really isn't anything there there just to be clear and new people thing or the I mean the X thing is kind of there to me I guess but more so hit the whole issue for her of him not being able to get there. Oh, yeah Sammy. I don't think they're basically still strangers. They together 25 days. So today, I feel like that's overblown if she's not a So getting over the X that's a completely different thing. But again, I think I think for at least the a few couples they are stretching for something to talk about. Yeah, that's all I'm Katie and I'm sure it went better this week because she wasn't pressuring him of saying I love you. I love you. I love you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, Lanisha, who do we love love love? We love them. Love them already know we love you guys the fans. Thank you guys so much for making us the ESPN of TV time. Talk we are to actually doing Collins today. I put it already in the IG but I'm going to save it out loud as well. The number you guys could call is 4 2 4 3 5 3 5 4 8 3 0 2 again you guys can call for 2 4 3 5 4 8 3 0 2 we are taking your calls and we would love to hear your comments that you guys keep on writing because some of you guys agree with us and some of you don't I love it. We love it and we love you guys. So I also feel free to hit the Subscribe button and if you're listening on To give us a five-star rated for some reason one through four just doesn't work. It's broken. They're broke down. Apple will fix it one day Apple I think so, but let's go. It doesn't really matter before we gonna do a shout out to some of those who are joining us. So I do we do have a couple of people strategy live. Yes, dude. Shoutout to Canada pop lover High haven't talked to you in so long we have Sidney Williams I am Sidney Williams Oh my gosh. That's my header. That is hello peeps Hollywood. I we have Elgin. Yeah, so shout-out to you guys calling we're talking about obviously the last two couples three couples, whatever I am calling especially if your name is Sydney. Thank you. Yeah, let's let's start right off the bat with Mindy and Zack because for as much as we dislike Zach, At least he's Pleasant dish and he's not mean and rude. Mike is reaching he's just not attracted to his wife. I mean compared to the other two. He's not basically Mindy says Mika and Michael are cold to each other. That's rich coming from them, right? Okay. So of course, this is our episode, let's we get through the other two couples really quick because they're beautiful and we love them. It's no big deal. Yeah the cup. Go and they do that cooking class together where they start gossiping and whatever except of course Taylor and Brandon and then for our three problem couples, dr. Pepper comes along and does her little visit and tries to patch stuff up it to me. They really Force these relationships more than they need to but of course it's for the show, right? So, dr. Pepper goes because she feels like they might be in trouble evidently. I can be a certified therapist now as well because I saw that as well. And she's nervous Bubba blah she and dr. Pepper really just gives it to Zach about not living there. That's the big big thing about them. Right and he ends by saying he will strongly consider it and then we end the episode with some really awkward tantric breathing sitting thing exercise, huh. Do we have any hope at all for this couple 100% No, No, and I got a comment from Cindy Williams who says Zack Zack is attracted to zag. I find them unattractive Mindy pack your knives and go girl. Zach has the need to bring someone down to build himself up. Hmm. Yes great comment. Yeah, obviously, dr. Pepper. She was so concerned. She picked up his facade when she first met him. She picked up that he was like to the Instagram guy. Yes. I'm and she before the match people before they even mounted. People associate. Okay. One thing that's on my radar is you're not going to be like there's a possibility. You're not going to be attracted to the person we match you with right the fact that she even brings that up. It was like this was a concern for me and you told me you would try and you're not trying if like for me it's so hard because I know we talked about this but for women we can maybe get there a little bit over time and for guys, this is the stereo top on it. Stereotype obviously for guys it can kind of be a little bit harder. So people are like swaying on Zack side because of this I understand but Dr. Pepper really wasn't pushing for the relationship if you think about like she was pushing for Brandon and I know we'll talk about that. But she was like, you know, what if you're over at you should just leave I hmm. So for Zach, I think still obviously Zack has not attracted to her. He has this circular. A logic he talks about about building and learning attraction or some junk. I don't even know what he's talking about and he gives his dr. Pepper like so if I live here you're saying that will scientifically allow me to build a trap to me. I think he's way smarter than he's trying to pretend its Ur percent and he knows he's on attracted to her. He's just waiting to get off the show. I think I think truly Ashley maybe a hot take I think he's probably a decent guy. I think he's probably a decent nice person. He's like look, I'm not attracted to her but I don't want to be rude and mean about it. So let's get through this experiment. I'm going to try to get through as nice as possible by doing this circular logic. I'll try that really rationalize it out. And I think that's just kind of the corner. He's painted himself into I think he doesn't just doesn't want to come off the show like that. I think he just doesn't want to be the villain looking that's why he stayed because he's like man if I quit now, I'm gonna look like a I'm gonna look like a butthole. So let me stay and let me again try to do some fun things with her. So I could look sure like I'm doing it possible to that's possible and then if I'm not in the house, maybe I get filmed less so there's less camera time. So I look like less of a jerk like out of sight out of mind type of thing. It's almost I think it's a little bit of both. Can he be a great guy? Absolutely, but that great guy will still be stared will still be a superficial. I think it'll be a great guy to somebody he's attracted to superficial. Superficial but like we just talked about it's kind of the basis of a lot of relationships. I mean, I'll go all really you gotta be attracted to your partner be somewhat attractive person. So, um, let me toss it out there real quick before we go to the final two of the just the there whatever they're in the trash can anyway, we know they are because we broke the news they're already an old so who cares but what should Zach do if we give him the capacity? Pleat benefit of the doubt. Right? And we've had a lot of stuff go back and forth guys. Tell us of course in the comments what you guys think we've seen different reports on straight up production-wise suit production side if they're allowed to actually quit if there's penalties for quitting or things like that. I've seen rumors of go around. So let's give him the best benefit of the doubt. Let's say they can't quit the show or else they don't get any money or anything there. Compensated or something like our there's a penalty and let's also say he's straight-up just a nice guy, but he's not attracted to her. What should he do? What was he not doing now that he could do to be better. I feel like he said a deal with Brandon did should've just quit but Briana quit I'm saying okay and just forfeit whatever just for it's not working. It's not working. And at this point you're wasting her time. Is it meaner to stick it out and whatever than to just pull the report I think so because she's just she has this hope that it's going to work very well. You're just kind of like lingering her on it's gonna hurt her either way, but at least here is just like a Band-Aid off cut it off but this is just it's too long. And if you're in if you are not choosing to quit, let's just like you said, we're only going based on for this example the money like let's just say hypothetically hypothetically money is involved. Then you are kind of still your characters up for judgment because you're thinking okay. What's more important? Is it the love and the marriage might want for marriage and her feelings? Hmm or the money, so either way. Yeah, if you're staying to thank well. I don't get paid then it's either way either way you're kind of weighing was important. So if you don't get paid and you're just trying to stay too, he's not trying to make it work so we can't use that but I'm eager to see what you had. I agree a hundred percent. Well, so I got two things real quick. What I was gonna say is I go back to what I always say they should do what I think is just go look it's not working. Can we We can we do some nice to someone else but can she and I go through something so we can learn about ourselves and what we actually should be in a relationship for like do a French thing and will do will do little activities or some like that. Let me toss it really quick back to you because the last two couples are probably the most such as you talk about what if I change the hypothetical and if he quits she doesn't get paid either, so he really ruins her over if he leaves the show and he knows that does that change what you think? No, not really because she's still gonna be miserable with or without that money because the cash is better. Okay you guys want hey John. Hey, so I'll try my best to do some really on the Fly research for like Married at First Sight. Thank you. Yeah, I know you guys are talking a little bit about them like getting paid. I kind of ran across the question of you that says what do the gun couples get paid. This might not be for this shows. Civically, but it looks like they don't get paid much for they not only got it comes. Yeah, like a normal maybe like 10 grand or something like that. Right? Well, I guess I'm just like is it worth it? Exactly. It's not just randomly put it in your hand again the post that I'm looking at. I don't know where it's truly coming from but it is Married at First Sight and it looks like there's upwards of like 17,000 people that audition for the show. Yeah 17. Mm, you gotta think about all that a single ball all the people that just like Dr. Pepper say it's almost like Dr. Pepper said there's so many people that like what a waste there are let me let's talk about a couple more ways. We don't want to run out of time. If anybody's calling give us a call. He was a shout from lanisha's IG phone number one more time for 2 4 3 5 4 8 3 0 2. Okay. I'm going to talk about Mika and Michael. Technically they're still together. Okay, dinosaurs are so again, huh from right off the bat. I can't wait to they're probably the most interesting to talk about because I flip flop over who I feel like I want to support Michael says, he's not getting what he needs. He wants. This is his word the day or worthy episode for sure. She needs to be more vulnerable. I don't think that word means what he thinks it means for sure. It does not mean what he thinks. It means he gets he storms out there. Talking he's frustrated with her hand motions and all these guys have the only given to the real Jews of it, right? He invites her to this yoga class that he's teaching or the studio. He teaches at she shows up the staff is like what are you talking about? There's no Michael to teach us here. The only Michael here cleans the rooms and then dr. Pepper comes in. She he she gets him to admit that he has lied about some stuff blah blah blah. They had that awkward Sushi thing where he taking them, but and then and then they Play the blind trust game there. Okay, what do we think about Michael lying? Okay. What am I gonna lie? I don't agree with that at all because you know without trust is there is no relationship right at all. I'm the type to be like, I don't trust you Gary it. Nah. This is shut down. I shut it down like if I know that Sugar a liar like I'm gonna automatically think like, oh, no, I'm not just human nature like Everett nobody likes. He lied to right but I do find it interesting that he admitted. Okay, I'm planned of Devils Advocate. I'm not backing down my course so ever but they're both wrong when he he's always said I'm not close to you and I don't open up to you. I like I you are a stranger but when he gets into a comfortable state where he is communicating with someone who actually freaking knows how to communicate IE, dr. Pepper. He does let his guard down and he does like okay. Yeah, I lied. Yes some of the like this is what my job at like he starts to and then he gives read like he's able to put his feelings into words just like when he stepped out and you know took time or whatever. Yes, Miko's true and that he should have been like like I need some time. I need to leave but when he was able to come back and things were settled. That's when he was actually putting his Thoughts his his feelings into words, and it was actually productive. So I'm going to give him Kudos a little bit for that because I want to believe that if he felt comfortable maybe I will communicate he would maybe build be a little bit more honest and he would communicate better. It does not justify him lying obviously, right but I saw a little bit of a break their little progress little probably yeah. It's kind of hop off of that because there was times where like she saw his house and everything and she was just judging him from the bat. Like she's the judger wishes. She does some a lot harder, so I don't know how again, I'm not backing up lying either, but I see how he would feel uncomfortable saying he's a janitor. Hi Ginger, Sesame, you know, okay. Okay, hang on let the LIE let me rewind a little bit because I'd like to go back to where all of the kind of friction began and for this couple to me. It was when they got to Panama and he said they need to have sex. Yeah before and then wouldn't admit it on camera so that to me was like the Genesis of the lying. Yeah, and I don't know how you rationalize. He wants her to be vulnerable. Mm-hmm again, I don't think that he doesn't understand I think exactly what that means. I think to him. It means he wants her to share her feelings. That's right your feelings enough. I think he wants to be softer cuz yeah, she does. Let me get smaller ability to think in his mind vulnerability is what you just said, I think in his mind vulnerable is I want you to be soft. I want you to be a little Bit more open okay to to hearing me. Yes, I got you a hungry. Look at what Lanisha just said as soon as someone lies to her. She shuts it down like that sit hundred percent you lied right off the bat. So I feel like great. The onus is completely on him. And now we have a Cascade of lies. And here's the thing that I do not understand. These are not good lies. They're not interesting lies. They're not they're not lies that the miles on your car miles on your car. None of the things that we've seen him lie about or that it's been you know stated that he's lied about or alluded to her whatever you want to say our epic or interesting to me at all. Yeah. Like I said, I would tell a stranger that oh, I was going to be a principal but they kind of changed my contractor. That's just a normal conversation with somebody that's not some I really need to trust you to let you know that the place was gonna hire me aside to mess up my contract. Yeah, you don't need To the yoga thing is a perfect example. They show up there, right? The girl doesn't know who it is. I can explain that right now at 10 seconds. Oh, yeah. No the management changed over. You know me. I taught two weeks ago before you start out and can't we just take the Classic this is not an epic thing. But you have someone like me kahoot is immediately in your face. Yeah, like again, I'm not justifying Michael, but when you don't have the chance to say what you just said and you immediately have someone that's like judgmental angry. This is way so much. Like I can only imagine how she respond because I already think he's a little he's a different person off can't like their conversations off camera it right. Right, right. Yes are completely different even how they came about talking about that. They had a conversation off-camera first and then he's like, well, we are both under the we are both had an understanding of transpired last night likes it. Okay, I'll look like just maybe a little bit very calculated when he's on camera, right? He gets very calculated. So and absolutely needs to work on some things but she does if someone came to you in risk and responded the way that she did you wouldn't really give a damn about telling the truth either. Oh, yeah, I'm explaining yourself. I understand. But before I continue one of the ways, we keep all of our content for you. The listener free of charge is our amazing sponsors and today anchor is one of those. Answers, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchors going to distributor podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and everywhere podcasts are listened to and you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started before we continue one of the ways we keep all these shows for you free is by our amazing sponsors and today's Spotify is one of our sponsors on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify as a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you don't miss an episode premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever they are and you can easily share what you're listening to with all your friends and following on Instagram if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for AfterBuzz TV on Spotify or browse. Cast in the your library tab also, make sure you follow us. You never miss an episode of AfterBuzz TV. We don't have cameras at the yogurt. Like that's the place where we needed to see we need to be able to see the lifetime. That's again the point that it happened. You need to see how he resolves that right because there were no cameras doesn't have to be scripted and weird or anything. It's a very simple. Oh, yeah. I I substitute teach or Ever Bubba blah, but also let's just rewind in general. Why lie about that to begin with why not say off the bat to even dr. Pepper. Yeah. I must I substitute t or I'm an adjunct teacher. I take yoga, whatever these are weird lies. No reason. I'm not going to get Justified, please let that be clear to everybody listening. She's doing it. Okay, I'm gonna do it but there are all of these things you have to realize exactly how all of these things you have to realize. Ask their small lies, but all of these things that he's lying about is building his character. So this is who this is who he's building himself to be because kind of like he said when I'm adopted I put forth whatever I need to put forth to survive. I kind of had that issue growing up where I rightfully like I was proud to call myself a chameleon so you can change in the presence of whomever. You're around to meet that person. I'm in sales all day like like whoever I'm in front of I can I can relate to yes. I feel like that's kind of a defense mechanism and I feel like Michael has that a little bit sometimes not saying I go wrong like lying or whatever. It's just I pull back examples of parts of my life that I know that would entertain you to keep you engaged and I feel like Michael is doing that in a sense of he's trying to build his character. So yes, they're small uninteresting lies, but their lives to build who he thinks he wants to be in life and if people don't like Sadder, people can't really get to who he really is. He's afraid of that rejection. So yes, they're small to us, but they're huge to him because it's building who he is so great point. So yeah. No, it's really dry. Think I think it's gonna be really telling next episode your first because after he's had if he's had some kind of, you know realization moment today. Yeah. I really can't expect stuff from her when she knows she can't trust. I don't know 25% of the things he's saying Saying yeah, right and I understand the defense mechanism type stuff, but it's definitely I think the onus goes back to him saying look I haven't been how can I expect her to be vulnerable and put forth all this effort when she knows I'm not telling the truth and I know I'm not telling you truth about this stuff about stuff that you know, is she judgy and things like that. Maybe they it's 55. I can't put all that. I think it's 50/50. It's starting hand in Panama. No, I refuse to put this on him. Yeah, cuz Mika was already kind of judging from the gecko. She was kind of already picking out him little by little it's just now we're seeing her being more feisty with it. Yeah now in certain areas, I like I said that one scene when they when he was actually talking about the lion everything. I was like, okay Now's the Time where she could be yelling. I angry yelling at him, but it feels like she's yelling at him all the time and then he's like trying to get up and walk away from it because I know That's some people do that like to stay calm. She won't even let him do that. So he supposed to just sit there and let you talk at him and then he's trying to tell you how he wants you to treat him. And then you're just cutting him off and still yelling at him. They're obviously they're obviously a bad match their interests. Terrible Meisel. I still don't know you guys let us know what you think. I put it more on him. I don't know. There's a terrible match. I what I see. I thought it was somebody like Michael and from Mika maybe not you. Okay. Sorry. That was a long one. Well, no, but they were honestly the most interesting probably this entire show so this episode so it's worth talking about of course. Finally is Taylor and Brandon. Yeah, you know, oh my God, they don't go to the cooking class because they're lame they're done and the whole group obviously talks about how could you not talk about it? And it comes out that Mika. And Michael talk to them separately. Okay, look let's dive in let's dive in they talked to dr. Pepper obviously and at the end of dr. Pepper. Brandon says I'm out and I'm done and okay, fine. Deuce is bad good. Let's talk about the main meat of this the whole meat of this whole thing is the Instagram post the Instagram video that Taylor did. Okay again, we're gonna have another disagreement about this. I am on Taylor side. My thing is was that video inappropriate and hurtful. Yep. Absolutely. Finally admitted this episode that it was done out of anger. She did not admit it to dr. Pepper nor Branch or right? Yeah, at least we heard her say it out loud at least. Yeah. Okay. We was right. Yes, but at least you said it out loud. So affirm what we thought okay. My whole thing is this guy is been terrible from the jump and I think Taylor finally said, I'm not going to be in this despite what she tells dr. Pepper that she's still there and Bubba. I think she finally said, you know, what forget this Nonsense. Yeah, if you to your spouse who you've known for five days or whatever told Judah F off and everybody to f off and just this out-of-control Behavior, right? Yeah son. It's just said, you know what I'm fed up and I'm gonna post this and I think it's gonna be funny and I'm doing something to lift myself up. Yeah, the way he's acting now to me is nuts this whole very holier-than-thou very big diminish roll. That's what I think of the whole thing. Love Nisha so, A bunch of people in the comments were actually talking about more than just the video. They had a problem with the dinner. So Silas I who says Taylor Samuels. They loathe said that Taylor sat at dinner constantly looking at her Apple watch with her ear buds. Then she pulled out her phone to I was wondering if she has someone listening in on their dinner. They are both wrong. Was this the dinner that she made for him. Yeah. Everybody was talking about that was also a problem how they could see how she wasn't really paying attention to the dinner. She mainly made that nice dinner for Instagram and for taking photos. And yeah, I would we have a caller I think guys so they just dropped out so I okay we will get them back. Welcome back. But but yeah anybody else say anything about 12 grams and seen Taylor most of them were talking about because they were trying to bring up the phone call. So gotcha a majority of them was all talking saying the same thing. Go gosh, I'm 50/50 the same like Mica and yeah, I honestly think they were both mom. Now, I understand at first I was with Taylor. So I was with Taylor at first, okay, because Brennan was acting a fool but with that meeting with pastor Cal at that time, if you knew you didn't want it to work you should have said by then you should have said by and even with dr. Pepper, she was should have said by Taylor. I think she was she was dr. Pepper. She was even saying I still want this to work. Work really because you don't acting like he wanted to work you're out here saying that you're single and you're not sorry about it and you still don't want to Bollywood pasture cows. She was still somewhat willing to give it a shot. I don't like Dr. Pepper no more. Yeah, I do too. I think my gut just does not feel like Taylor is everything that she claims to be a lot of people and stuff this season Hannah me behind and stuff the whole like thing that came up with her hanging out late at night and We have a call before we wait the couple's but I'm so done with her because obviously she didn't admit until later on in the episode. But one thing that's took as that stood out to me was her like being late not a late night at bars. She's blocking him on social media. I just feel like if she were really into it. Those things just wouldn't wouldn't be paying out my gut just tells me we can't really tell but that's not the end of it who is on the line with us Jonathan? Alright. Hey. Yeah, we have a caller on the line. Tell us who you are where you're calling from. How y'all doing? This is Hollywood. What's up, man? How you been? I've been good. I've been good. How about yourself? Pretty good, which couple you want to go off on here what we're going to talk about Brandon? Yeah, let's do it. What's what's your take whose side are you on? Honestly, this is is weird to say I'm kind of I appreciate what Brandon did tonight it wasn't in what sense I think killer was out after the honeymoon and she didn't want to just jump off the show. I don't know why everything is pressure from production or what have you but Brandon knew it was done and the fact that he went ahead and jumped off. I got to respect. Any didn't cuss production out this time. He's at the bar. Then we're raising the baguettes with the bar. I'm bringing Brandon verbally assault the production staff here. So he signed up for a while. I'm going to do you think yeah, that would be scared to get off. But the fact that he stood his ground, you know, dr. Pepper. No that sorry. Oh, it's finished. No, I'll just say this is not me sticking up for Brandon cause I think teller was you know, definitely right I would have been out after you know, the fu yeah, yeah. Yeah, right. Well, she's trying to build the Instagram and she's like it's not working. Anyway, I might as well stay on the show and look early. I guess my not my fault. They I'm Single for the world to know like crap. Yeah. I mean, come on. I think that's it. He's using this as his way out. But all he would have you think Taylor is who she's portraying on camera that's hard to say because I'm not gonna lie somewhere facial expression even I was apologizing like in previous episodes. She was kind of like whatever. Yeah, I think it was just because it's hard. I don't know if I still I'm still completely on her side just You got for the people who commented about the food there's a perfect example for this guy who's been really crappy to her the whole time to be like cool. You're really into Instagram. Let's take some funny pictures of the food or something like jump in and try something. I just feel like he's made no effort. He's been a jerk and flying off the handle for no reason if she is 3/4 or half of what she represents. She's beautiful successful seems really fun and seems to me. I don't know maybe I'm naive but it seemed to me like from the beginning of the show. She was in it for the right reasons. Yeah, your little naive before we left before we let you go. I lie. What how would you write these couples? We're going to our site of the Brandon and Taylor. We go below zero. Yeah on AfterBuzz. You can tell who's your favorite couple? So much. Next week and we'll put it down which I put in one of the comments or something in the YouTube. So people can see and know a little bit better. Yeah. Okay, Jonathan can we have our amazing rate that couple music and the amazing Graphics that you made there? It is. Look at the Clusters. Look at the heart clusters. That's right. They are a cluster F. Nope. I come back. Well, that's the second page. That's the second page. We start of course with what has flatlined in Romance. Heaven yeah, Jessica Dawson Lanisha. Oh, of course 10 they're amazing. I want someone slapping my butt like them. Yeah, you gotta be on team married for that. Hello. No, just you know what consent I'm going to give yes could simply 10. He's a very easy 10K and Eric. I'm gonna give them a six. Whoa my God, I just felt bad because I still feel something about Katie. Like I feel you know the energy that's about to happen. I don't know. Yeah Drop Like firemen carry awesome red. Derek is great. She loved it. I'm feeling a little off about her TK, and she her heart is not hundred percent there. So I'm going to say a seven point seven. Wow specific. You know, my wife likes the double numbers you did. Just for Raquel. I'm gonna give them I want to give them a nine but now you guys are making him an 8. I'll give it a try to give them any given eight. All right, keep it moving to minion Zack. Look, I'm sorry. Sorry Taylor and Brian. I'm sorry Jonathan downtown and Brandon. I'm have to go in. Mr. Hollywood on this one a negative 10. I'm Jonathan has to remake the chart negative heart there. I'm going to go with ya and negative seven point seven. Wow. All right. Now you're being extra with it. We'll make it as being within the bounds of the game and give them a zero. Okay, Eminem. We're just breaking up the hitters here in anxious favorite couple star couple for the beginning Bound for true love. Where are they now? Zero zero. Yeah zero. I give me 0 as well and maybe and Zach. Oh, well, they did better than Taylor and Brandon 0 a negative. 0 no negative 2 I was gonna say maybe deserve worse than Mica and Michael. Yeah, no. No, she she did you become Michael 0 and then I did began Zach negative and then she gets worse. Yeah. I know you're going to rate them high because you're going to use that Kudo. So I'm going to say a third hit affect your rating. I'm gonna say to I know you're not mad at me. Trying to bring the average down. I got my prediction. I'm gonna give them a one. Okay, I am going to I was actually I honestly no no, I was gonna get my to I'm gonna give it to I'm not very optimistic but I gotta give them something. They're definitely better than the other one. That's true. Yeah, they're making an effort to was like friendship they kind of but he really looking at each other. They touched like you just met somebody with butterflies. Let us know let us know in the comments what you guys irate these Shenanigans and let us know let us know. Okay. TK said she had a prediction Jonathan to hear the prediction music - I had a prediction on your on your on your too bad. I have to make a prediction on the show. Wow. Prediction here we go. Zach is talking to I don't remember her name Asian girl, beautiful hair the friend unfair because that was my call. I watch the episode that is feel so bad. I feel terrible. We can't remember her name. I pegged her as soon as they all got together and played the giant Jenga. I was like that girl's cute. That is what Zach expected to be down the aisle and now he's talking to what how could you do this? That well clearly he found something out about Mindy. Yeah. Well, I'm trying to think. What is the right great. I think it has something to do with her family. I think under percent. He's just trying to toss something out there to put her on the spot because he knows he's about to be found out. So anyway, I got a prediction about any other couples lineysha. I know that's all my predictions as far as with them. But I do want to say to you guys get some more shout outs go on. We love you. I'm a shout out to you singles. So sir. Marina is the name Tanisha Coleman Rebecca, Sarah coffee Cliff, Washington Rachel Heller. Jonelle, Joan, LJ and Cassandra team single hashtag and TK team found the right one. Teeth found the right one team married. I have D Shack. Dantonio. How alario Jordan Yolanda loves mr. T. Hello to shout out to the spouse on YouTube maybe apology or Jordan? Ronnie Richmond and Anna Arthur we are tied seven and seven. That's amazing guys break the tie so lucky right come and keep on coming the the hashtag hashtag. They're singing represent your team until next time. Yes, we're going to steam find you Lanisha you guys already know you guys can follow me on the best spider legs. Yes. Yes, you can find me to care of shimmery. Sure. I understand. Yeah, a little bit particular underscores your brand YouTube on IG Twitter all that good stuff all the things. Yeah guys again our extended panel you guys out there. We love you so much. Thank you so much for the comments and everything calling next time we miss the live interaction with you guys. We love you. My name is Mike feeling you follow me at Mike feeling my sexy Jenga. Yeah. Our founder Keven undergaro and me Maria Menounos would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz TV. Remember, we're not just the first were the biggest in the world and were the only destination for all your favorite TV shows whatever you crave. We've got it. So go to AfterBuzz tv.com and check out our lineup Buzz. See you later. Hmm use expressed herein are those of the host only do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners are principles.