Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches.Really do celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when I try not to make it that, you know, it always is it's just the perfect time period for deep introspection. And this winter didn't didn't fail didn't fail me at all. It was just that it still is that but yeah, so if you are celebrating this New Year on the summer. On the summer equinox summer equinox. Yeah on the summary. Qin are the Spring Equinox actually say happy new year. Yeah, man, I want it to come on. Because there's so much going on and we gotta talk fam. We got to talk because there's just so much going on and how I started my soul work right was I started my soul work by archiving what was going on in my life. What was going on at the time where Instagram wasn't I don't think Instagram was around when I when I first started my weakening people weren't really talking about it. You didn't see what you see now on Facebook, you know. Now you go on Facebook. It's everywhere right? There's there's Ascension groups or spiritual groups. There's twin flame groups. There's there's everything now on Facebook, right? You're not so you're not so much alone anymore. But this wasn't the story like 10, 12, 15, even 20 years ago, you know, and when I first started my journey, I was experiencing and tapping into energies and hand tapping into high frequency energy. So always be getting panic attacks and anxiety attacks and I remember I remember telling the story I tell the story a lot because this is because this was the beginning of my journey as a Healer doing this work that I do doing my soul work. This was the beginning of it. I remember it was about three or four o'clock in the morning. I was done doing all the testing I was at the hospital again been at the hospital. That week already and I you know, I was convinced. I was convinced that they were going to like admit me. I know one couldn't tell me any different. I was convinced because I was telling them symptoms and they're looking at the machines or looking at the test and they're like we do not know what you are feeling because the test does not show this. And I just heard a voice just to get out like literally get out and I just got I remember I got the test results and I just you know, they wanted to talk to me afterwards about finding some type of alternative plan. Maybe get me on some drugs or something. You know, I got up and I left and I remember it was four o'clock in the morning and the buses weren't running there was one bus that was running 24 hours, but the one that Did connected the one that I needed to connect to get to my home was it wasn't running. So I walked it was a good 20 25 minute walk and it was on that walk the whole way home that I started crying and I was just like this. I don't know. What's happening. I don't know what's going on. I need help here God if this is my death then let it be quick. Let it be Swift. I'm no longer afraid and this was big coming from me because I was petrified of death at one point in my journey like petrified. I'd write like even the thought of death of the talk of death would just put my body and my nervous system in overload. I was just terrified of it. So when I got home, I remember talking to my friend at the time and just saying, you know, I'm just so completely done. I'm so completely drained. I'm tired, you know, I hadn't slept that night too. So it could have been some Delirious I could have been a little bit Delirious, you know, but every everybody want to blame it on that or put it on that. I think that was the night. I don't think that was the night that everything changed for me because the next day or the day after that. Or next few days after that I got on Facebook. I got introduced to a couple people that were speaking about the same symptoms going on. Everyone was like what the fuck is going on and that's how we became friends and started the Ascension group, right? It was just a couple of us and now there's over 62,000 people in that group. So the reason I mentioned that beginning is because what's going on right now feels like that beginning that that period And it's been a couple of just very intense couple of weeks for me where I feel the Wind of Change coming into my life again exactly how I felt at that time where I was walking down that dark Road early in the morning the whole world's asleep, and I'm just crying and talking to God. I feel like I'm in that period again, I feel like I'm in that time again this time. I'm not so much crying and like not knowing what's going on. Now. I know now I know what's going on. So I'm handling it very differently, but the Motions are still there. It's very strong. And you know, I just felt guided to pick up so just do this podcast because you know, it's a very deep deep transformational period Read were all going through right now II know it's not just me. I'm seeing it. I'm reading it. I'm sensing it. This is huge. It's big and I sensed it since last year. I knew from certain experiences that I was going through with letting go of people in my life of you know, I've seeing myself clearly in many ways because we're never this is a process right? You're not just gonna jump and be ascended all those slayers Has to be dismantled for you to get there and while you're dismantling those layers, it's rough. It's rough. It's exhilarating. It's scary its fearful. It's mind-blowing. It's Transcendent. It's it's a journey, right? And I was just I've been doing a lot of writing at one point. I stopped journaling which is not like me if you know me. If you know me I Journal everything like ever since I was a little kid I used. To think it was because as an only child right because as an only child only friend I had was myself. I was you know, I was a very harsh childhood. So the word the written word became my friend. I loved to read and write and that was my friend and that was one thing that I kept with me because it's such a beautiful way to communicate when you can't necessarily communicate to the world, you know. So whenever I'm downloading whenever I'm making about to make a video whenever I'm about to write something I write in my journal first, so there was a period where I stopped because everything was just coming down, you know, there's periods that you really want to read and learn and and get all the juice and then there's periods where you just are not doing anything. You're just not motivated or guided to do anything. You just need to be in the moment of it. All right. So that was me. I was just in the moment of it all but I started picking up my pen and my journal again and it just feels So good to write and I've been writing a lot and I wanted to share with you some of the things I've that. I've been writing. Because it's been some powerful stuff. Even for me that what that's what's coming out right now is just like whoa to see it pen to paper is a different type of energy, you know, and I've been writing that the reason why this period and this phase is so hard. Let me take that back. The reason why this phase is so intense for me because When I started my Awakening, I was about Sixteen Going On Seventeen. I had just run away from home my stepmother. I call her the devil in my life with the devil that I needed, you know, because she was horrible in many ways. But without her I wouldn't be the woman talking to you today and I say that sincerely after over 20 years of doing healing work with my parents, right? So I say that with with a genuine heart that I wouldn't be the woman that I am today without. Out her being who she was. And I'd had enough I was 16. I just you know, I went and started High School. I was it was a new life man high school was a new life because it was just like if you you were and if you were in elementary school, you knew it was a different type of Buzz, right, but when you got to high school, he started get introduced to sex and he started getting to do stew, you know, smoking weed and doing, you know, drugs and experimenting it's the time for to That's right. We've all done it even if it was some wood some liquor it we've you know, it was a beautiful time just experiment. So, of course, you know, it being high school. I got my first boyfriend. I'll never forget his name, but I won't say it here because you know, oh knows who's listening. I'm joking and I got my first boyfriend and he was like this Thug right that lived like an Opie. There's a part of its a part of Toronto in the East End. Called Opie and opcs are topping my tongue right? I was getting to the juice right? Let's go to the juice. So when I got let's call him. Let's call him Flame. Since I'm looking at my candle right now burning beautifully when I got so playing was playing was a part of he was a thug. He was that bad ruff. Oh, you know he was just he was just part of that crew part of that life that I wasn't a part of, you know, I grew up very sheltered and when I look back at it, we were I was living we were living in the knesset me Mansion like my bedroom had bay windows and I had couch and a bad like I grew up quite privileged right now that I look back on him. And he was at the total opposite, right? He was like in the hood he was you know, he sold drugs. He was a drug man and you know, It was I think he came to my school. No, no, let me tell the story. So I was friends with this girl. Let's call her Nikki. I was friends with Nicki and Nicki was seeing someone in Opie and she was like Toya after school. Do you want to come with me to go and like, you know, just see my dude and I said sure why not you know, and I was I was starting to get rebellious at this time, right because my stepmother what she would do is she would time exactly how long it would take for me to get to to get on the bus from school and Home and these were the times I got play around with it a little bit and I'll be like 20 minutes late or 30 minutes late. So I was just Can I have fuck it I'm going to have fun. I don't care. My friends are all like going out and doing things. I want to be like my friends. So we went to Opie and and Flame. I saw a flame walk past and we kind of met each other's eyes and that was you know, we locked eyes and it was just like who is this guy? Who's that girl and we got introduced and yeah one thing led to another he started to pick me up at school, you know, because if you are from that, like if you were found that Vibe of the 90s, you know about the picking up from school, you know, you would come And pick me up after school and you know and get me a beef patty and some cocoa Greta and and a pineapple juice and a pineapple drink and you know head over but a spliff and that was that was the 90 that was a night. He's in high school. So I got really caught up with flame and you know lost my virginity to him and we had he was one introduced me everything sexualize right? Like he's the one that it introduced positioned to me. He was the one that taught me how to do oral sex. He was the one so obviously and I say all that to keep it 100 but he was the one obviously you knew how probably like how stuck I was to him. He was the experience that I needed to change my life and he did in a lot of ways not at that time. What I saw is great, but now as a grown woman, I just know that everything. That happened with him had to happen, you know, so around that time. I was in love and no one can tell me shit. I was in love, you know, I got introduced to sex and I was like, this is amazing. I got introduced to love or what I knew of Love. I'd 16 and my mind was gone. My mind was officially gone. I was I was I became rebellious to I was just like fuck everything except for school. I need to be with this man so I ran away to be with him. And I stayed at my I see that I was staying at one of my other friends who live like the dumb the block if you know Scarborough a lot of neighborhoods where they cul-de-sacs right? So I just went into the other cul-de-sac and I was with my friend my dad found out what was going on came to her house and basically dragged me out of the house Kicking and Screaming the whole neighborhood watching embarrassing. I know and then like threw me into my room lock the door and he's like if you come out of here, you know, just like a father any parent any Whose child tries to run away you're going to try to get them back. Especially they're not 18. There's 16. They're young. You're gonna try to get them back. He was being a father. Now II, you know, I completely get what he was doing at the time. He was like, oh my goodness. How could you you know embarrass me and do this, you know in front of my friends and their family, how could you you're you know, you're the you're the worst person ever, you know, and I jumped out my bedroom window we We lived in a three-story house and I jumped out the third I jumped out from the third floor and I packed my bags and I never returned home since and that was the beginning of a really deep journey. I really did that. That was on my way to getting started right because I was living with my boyfriend at the time mind you I'm 16. I'm going on 17 now. Maybe I said I 17 at this point now. And living with my boyfriend his mom who was a gambler. So she was never home. He was selling drugs or there was always like button button and and faces in the house that I'd never knew, but they always had this respect for me. I never I think because I was so openly honest and I was so openly like I was raised. Especially my mannerisms and my characteristic as like a man, right? My dad was very my dad was the one that kind of taught me and that I witnessed some really brute things about the world. And so a lot of my mannerisms even to this day is very much straight to the point. I'll tell you like it is don't don't fuck around like you don't I mean, I still have that and I love that part of my personality. Don't get me wrong, but that personality I'm from a survival personality, right? It was just like listen. These are the streets as much as I was raised very sheltered as a Jamaican woman being in a Jamaican and black community. I knew I knew the Runnings I wasn't dumb to what was going on and it was a dumb to drugs. I wasn't done dumb to like violence and oh no, I was always a part of that being a black woman. I would see it all the time with my dad's friends being locked up being, you know shootings and the come on we held parties or my parents did and our house got shut up, right? It was a it was by the mercy of God that we didn't get killed like I so that wasn't I wasn't I wasn't shy to that life was that I'm trying to say is that it's not like I came to that life and I was like, ooh, what is weed? What is guns? No, no, new it lived it. And I think that's why I got so attracted to Flame because it was just like he was this bad boy and you know this bad boy who loved me and at the point in my life, I thought that no one loved me and I was unlovable because I didn't love myself. I thought I was too fat. I was too ugly. I thought I was you know only thing I had really For myself was that I was really really really smart. And you know, and yeah, so that life was beautiful and he was he was toxic as fuck. He was a cheater he was emotionally abusive and he was in jail for most of our relationship and it was from him being in jail and from just the wisdom that I had at that age just astounds me. It really does it even shocks me sometimes of how how wise I was because I I stayed in school the only and what I think back on it, the only reason why I think I really stayed in school was because I needed some normalcy. I needed some routine in my life and school was routine. I had to get up every morning. I had to brush my teeth. I had to take a shower I had to do this. I had to go to class. I had to be classified like 30 like that was my routine and I you know, yeah, that's what I did. I went to school with dated Mark even when he was a Jail, stayed stayed at his house live that life. Now at the end of that relationship after losing two children with Mark both both consciously choosing to to give up those two children. I just knew that he wasn't the one that I was going to be with. It was just too toxic and even at that age that young of age. I knew it was toxic as fuck. I knew that, you know, I was I I was cussing I was cussing woman woman were coming to me wanting to see me wanted to fight me wanted to it was let me tell you it was all of it. Right? So it was at the end of our relationship, you know, and of the three years we were together that my life just you know, drastically started changing. I started going through my Awakening process where I was still on my own. I was now living with another friend which was also toxic. It was just so it was just so much and at the time my best friend introduced me to this book. Sylvia Browne books the other side and back and that's really when it all started for me. Right? There was a point I was trying to make but yes, that was the point Thank You angels we just gave me back the point. At that time in my life, just like in the time of when you went through some of your most intense experiences. You unconsciously develop. Outer personalities or outer survival mechanisms without you even knowing because sometimes especially as a black person as a black body you develop these the survival mechanisms whether you know, you're developing them or not. You just live in that in that reality, especially when you're young, you know, you know, you know that this neighborhood is bad. So you look around you make sure that you know, you're you're good you go, you know when to go in You know, you don't, you know not to go around there at night time. Those are survival mechanisms, right? So around that time when I was going through some of my deepest deepest. Coming into being a woman. I graduated high school, you know went to live to went to live in New York because I just felt like I was moving all around as living with everyone. My life was just so confusing at the mall at the time that I went to live in New York and I lived in Brooklyn with my with my with my love my family who live down in the states, right? So, you know, I developed a lot of these characteristics one. He's smoking. You know, I'm smoking weed and smoking cigarettes and that was part of part of my survival. I learned how to speak in a tone that demanded respect. I I learned how to be vigilant. I learned how to be intuitive. I learned how to be present. I learned how to get myself out of situations that really could have killed me. Those were those were part of my character the poor part of my survival mechanisms that I learned at a very young age. And as I'm writing in my journal, I'm realizing that I still held onto a lot of those survival mechanism are a lot of those survival characteristics. It was it's almost like an overlay of who I am over me at all times, you know, you know, and it could be as simple as As if you didn't grow up with a lot to eat, you know, and it's not that I didn't grow up with a lot from my parents. It's when I left my parents and like the struggle became real and I had to learn that I had five dollars and I had to learn okay a pack of chicken and some pasta and some rice those were the things that would last me for a very long time. So I would buy a pack of chicken and an egg in a bag of rice because I knew though that couldn't give me a couple dinners. stuff like that and I realized down into even my early 30s that I was still doing stuff like that where I would buy things where I knew would last because what if I didn't have money or food in the next couple of weeks, you know stuff like that and I was writing in my journal I was realizing that the reason why this time is so rough for me and so deliberately intense is because I am saying goodbye to those parts of me. That I developed to survive my world my reality, you know. And now that I'm not in that world, and I'm not in that reality anymore, and I haven't been there in a minute, you know saying goodbye is still just as hard and I might get emotional. So if I do I I just will and saying goodbye to Those parts of me that really saved me, you know. those parts of me that were my energy my inner gangster my inner strength my inner my inner stuff that I just had to learn to survive the period of experience that I was experiencing at that time, you know and part of that period Was you know was was was you know picking up my addiction and don't get me wrong. I don't smoke cigarettes anymore, but I still smoke tobacco and that is now ended for me. That's part of one. One of the only thing physically that I have left to let go of and I have or I am I should say I'm in the middle of disconnecting from a very close friendship is Had with smoking and as I'm writing my ears were buzzing. My angels are around they're here to support and You know, I stopped weed years ago because when I started my Ascension journey, I just like the weed and and my and the higher frequencies just do not mix for me some people it's a great for me it just because I was already at that time linking to very high frequency energy, which I didn't know. So what it would do to me. It was me. It would make me go mental it would make me go like I felt like I was combusting and I couldn't handle it. So that was part of the reason why I stopped smoking weed year. Years ago, I think almost like almost ten years ago like fully quit. I would I would in the previous years as I got anchor down to this reality take a puff here and there but literally I'll take a puff. I couldn't do any more than that and then the puff just became tedious and I was just like I'm over it but I would roll a tobacco and you know, I wouldn't wouldn't if she smoked the cigarettes, but I would smoke the tobacco. But even that I knew and I know that it was a part of that Persona that was it was a part of that package of of my survival at that time. So I say all that to say it's a lot of Letting Go and as I'm writing in my journal, I'm realizing that I have really deep friendship with those parts of me, you know and saying goodbye to the man. I have ended friendships. I have ended relationships. I have stopped talking to so many people along this journey and none of them were as hard to say goodbye to as my old selves I just feel like I'm letting go of something someone. You know because friends friends aren't in the bedroom with you sleeping with you every night, you know friends aren't with you in every moment in your mind friends. Aren't there in in in your most trying hour the deep deep trying hour. They can talk to you and be there for you and just be friends, but when you hang up that phone you have you, you know when you when you leave your partner and you know, you have you And it's like do you ever sit down and wonder? Those parts of you they can talk you down off of a ledge those parts of you that can talk you out of hurting yourself those parts of you that can talk you and make you feel Comfort comforted and make you feel safe. Those parts of you that know exactly what to say. So you don't do that thing. That's harmful for you that goes those are parts of you that you have developed in your experience to save you. You know and this is what makes Ascension so hard because it's like you see your growth you see your transformation. You see where you're going and you see that those those everything is all falling apart. It has to it has to fall apart and as I'm writing in my journal and I've been falling apart for 20 years parts of me and deliberately falling apart, you know, sometimes not so deliberately and The reason I tell you about my Awakening stories because I feel like I'm going through that portal again of deep emergence. But this time I'm not bringing pieces of Natalia. I'm bringing in. the higher aspect of myself completely totally and A part of me is at the door and I'm looking back at those aspects of myself and there's all that you know, I can I Can See Clearly how they look you know, those aspects of me I Can See Clearly how I smell how I look how what I'm dressed as what I'm wearing. Like I know I can see it their friends their parts of me and I'm saying goodbye. I'm saying goodbye. Man those parts of me were so they're so dope. So wise. So protective so secure so brave courageous, you know. but those aspects were created in a time of great fear of great changes, you know and as I look at this beautiful Woman's beautiful goddess that I've become. Because of those aspects, you know. I'm having a little bit of a hard time letting them go. I'm not going to lie. I'm having a bit of a hard time saying goodbye to them. Because part of me is like who am I without them? And that's scary because it's like you're raw, you know, you're on the ledge. You're just you're naked. You're butt naked you're raw, you know. I know the spiritual aspect of it, you know, I know who I am. Spiritually. I know you know, and I know I've only touched on a very small part of who I am spiritually and that's also part of the wakening that I've been experiencing this past few weeks because what God has been trying to show me is that I haven't even begun to touch into our tap into my power source, and that freaks me out because I thought I was powerful already. You know what I was doing. Is was was work that I was so proud of healing work the way that I heal the way that I love it so much the way that I when I touch her body, I feel all I feel that I feel the ancestral me. I feel all the me. I feel the ancient myths of this work that I do and I love it dearly. I love it it tremendously. It's something that I've always loved. So when you're told that something that you love is just the tip of the iceberg of what you're here to do it. Can it can seem overwhelming? You know, it can seem very overwhelming. Give me one second. Let me just I was at the keypad tap on this because okay. I'm good. Yeah, like even just seeing this right now. I don't know if I'm going to keep this. I don't know. I think I just needed to talk it out. I'm usually wrong. Usually I'm always honest but this is like next-level honesty and I don't know how I'm going to keep it if you're hearing this I've kept it and I'm most likely going to keep That's been the theme of my life right as I like I said, I started my whole soul work based on the experiences of thought that I was going through. So that's just the authenticity of who I am. I that's what I've been called to do and I've been brave enough to do it. It's not an easy feat putting yourself out there to heal to heal the world which were all doing, you know every single one of us. Excuse me. Excuse me, the energy my body is roaring. Yeah. Who so that's what's happening right now, you know letting go of a lot. not feeling guilty letting go of just so much guilt for a lot of guilt is coming up and I'm still trying to process where the guilt is coming from, you know, you know even with me smoking tobacco. I knew it was always an ancient thing but just because it's an ancient thing doesn't mean it's for you to carry on in this lifetime, you know, and that's the thing for me. I've held on because it was you know, and when I when I started doing work with why I you know Why I smoke tobacco or wire smoked period was because at that time I was 17 and developed developed a way to survive when I was going through things that no one knew about that. I was going out when I was going through with flame. I was going through some really deep ship shit with that man, you know at that time I had had an abortion at that time. I I was just going through so much and there was only He probably one person at that time which was my which was my best friend at the time that knew that imagine being that age and going through that and going there, you know and experiencing that no one knows about it then going to school the next day. So, you know one would know none the wiser, you know being on your own learning having to survive. What am I going to eat that night? I wasn't making money like I needed to make money. So it was just so much so during that time. Time I developed a way of thinking and I developed I develop that friendship with tobacco and with smoking because that was my friend. That was who I can go to in a forest and just be by myself with you know, so I so now, you know that those stories are all falling apart. They're all coming apart. And now that I think about it, it's not so much that's about That hurts so much. It's the way and the thinking around it and the thinking of how I survived that is what is hurting and wanting. Wanting to be released right? That's the really hard part of it all to be honest is just who am I without without those without those characteristics of always making sure that I'm eating or always and I don't have to think about those things anymore because I'm eating I'm good. I'm well, don't get me wrong. I still have the poverty Consciousness contract which is what is falling apart, right? Even with my work it took me years of doing this work before I even did or charge for my work right eye. Dude on friends and family without even a look at being charged, you know, and it was one day like my guidance was just like no no like enough is enough. Like this is the next step in your Evolution and I was just like no. No, I cannot charge. I'm who am I, you know, and at that time, you know, not seeing a lot of black healers and people of color healers and therapy and therapist when you don't see yourself in the world, You question your worth. This is why you know, I have one of my very woman one of my one of my very good friends. She goes by the name of decolonizing therapy on Instagram. This is why I share her work and I big up her work and I big up people of colors work because I did not have that in my Awakening in the 90s. You know, I didn't have that. So when you don't see yourself out there you question so much of yourself. Am I worthy? Am I am I good enough. Look at all these amazing white teachers and don't get me wrong. Oh my God, Wayne Dyer was one of my teachers Sylvia Browne who started my Awakening, you know, Sylvia Browne was a white woman. All the teachers that that that that that like propelled me into my wakening were where great Masters but no one that looked like me so when I was being asked by stories to now come out and do this work, I was like hell no, I'm not dire. I'm not Sylvia. I'm not you know, oh my goodness. I'm the Toya and I am not skinny and I don't look like that and I don't look like this and No, those are the belief systems that are collapsing right now in my life and it is yuge. It is huge. I can feel it tearing apart. Like it's an entity in itself and it is you know, my heart is pounding my I'm sweating I could feel my nervous system going on overdrive as like I tear myself away, you know, this is you know, when people are like they and this is and this is what's going on in the world right now where everything is being like glorified. It is it being like systematically glorified to right where everything is I stralla gee, you know not understanding that astrology is ancient. It's ancient work. It's an ancient grid of figuring out certain dimensions in your life astrology is Major, you know healing I want to do Reiki and all that type of stuff not realizing that like the stuff is no joke, you don't play around with this stuff you do this stuff if you're called to do It you know, I didn't start my healing work. I was forced into my healing work. Even when I was being told to do what I was like. Nah, I'm good. I'll just stay over here my little corner like no. You know. So this is big stuff going on right now. And this is what we're all going to be going through this year. This decade is not letting us come out the same people we came in as it's just not and I would dare say this year. You're already experiencing it for everybody going through it. It's deep. This shit is no joke. You know. This is no joke. You know, I was so afraid of death for all my life because I didn't realize that I was picking up on other people's energy. So when I was around people who were sick, even if they had a cold I would experience a symptoms going on in their body, you know, imagine being a child not realizing that you're picking up on people's energy and you're thinking that you're dying because you just don't know what's wrong with you. And even as a kid, I knew to hush I knew not to tell anybody that I you know, because I knew the culture that I was born into and I knew being Jamaican and having Jamaican parents, it would not understand drink cup of tea. You'll be okay go to your bed will take some sleep. Your beauty will be okay. I knew not to say anything. So going through all that as a kid and then realizing when you're like damn damn near 20 that the reason why I felt like this your whole life like you were something was wrong with you or that you were dying or that you're terrified of death was because we'll shit. You're a Healer and what you do is you transmute energy. So you're feeling the energies of everyone that is not well inside your own fucking body. Wow. The stuff that we go through here. I'm I'm an all of us man. I'm in awe of us. I'm in all of us. And what we do down here what we're doing down here and how we always like to play small like I'm not doing much. But we are doing much you know. And I'm being called, you know, and I think this podcast is like a goodbye. And I'm going to miss. That part of me. You know, I like to say it's because I'm an only child. So, you know, I'm not used to saying goodbye to things that could be it. I don't think it's all at all. That is because I know a lot of you guys who have family and siblings and it's it's still hard. You know imagine those of you have siblings and you're close to your siblings and have to say goodbye to that aspect of yourself who just doesn't resonate with them anymore. I can't imagine what you're going through. I feel you. having to tear away from parents and and sometimes lovers because You're being called for something greater. You being called for something big? And those are the sacrifices of what we're going through here. is that you just can't be around some type of energy is you just can't be around certain type of people. You just can't be around certain type of things, you know, because you're being called to do something so great. So, I guess this is a goodbye. You know. and then honor and a reflection of all the amazing parts of me that that helped me live. That helped me survive. that never left me. In the time that in those times that I felt like I was dying and in those moments that a lot of times I almost did die. Those parts of me that knew exactly what to do to heal myself those parts of me that you know. Knew how to breathe life back into me. I'm saying goodbye to those selves. you know because now I stand I stand in a new and a new I stand in a new Consciousness. I don't need those anymore to survive. I I now have my higher aspect. I don't have my higher self. I stand with such Grandeur which such power was such wisdom with such knowing that I don't need those survival mechanisms anymore, you know. Where I know I'm worthy enough to charge an exchange equal energy for my work because I know I'm that good. And I know that no one else is me and that is my superpower just like no one else is you no one else can offer what you can offer. No one else was asked to come down here to do what you are going to be doing. But if you can't see that and if you can't respect that and if you can honor that who the fuck will You know. I really hope I have the courage to share this I really do. That's one of the things that I'm so proud of myself for that. I love myself or is that you know at times were people acts. Where did you get the courage? Where did you get the you know, where did you get the the the you know, where did you get your pull your push your strength? And at times I just look at people as us that I just say. I just knew that I was I just know that I'm here for a bigger purpose. I just know that I'm here for a bigger purpose. And I know this deeply. You know what? I do my videos when I do my writings when I do my healings. It's I don't I don't answer to anyone. I never have and I never will. You know, I answer to God. If God says stop I stop if God says rest I rest. if God says become what I what I advocated for you to come down here and become I need you to become that you stop. He probably curse little bit. But you become. And this battle down here ain't easy. Don't make don't make don't make don't make the patriarchy and this and that programme make you think that this is all like glams and roses and and he ha and you know know this is deep shit. This is deep stuff. Don't make anyone make you think that it should be quote unquote like nothing or I wouldn't want to say easy, but I don't want to add any type of constructs to this, you know. You know. Because easy hard up down polarity. It's it's really how you view it. You know what I deem as hard you deem as easy. It really doesn't matter their words and even words right now are becoming the you know, they're transforming. We're not going to be able to use words in the next couple of years, you know. Words are becoming like useless. I'm trying to find a proper word useless because there's so much frequency that were like tapping into right now that there's no English word for there is no human word for so we're going to have to start to talk an energy which we saw coming. Hm. I've had a really rough year last end of last year because I've just had to say goodbye to so many things and one of my personality traits of just who I am as a person. I really don't like to say goodbye to things and people and places. It's really hard for me to do that. When and I've developed this as being an only child it's like when you have something to hold onto it for dear life until the crumbles, you know, but you have to hold on to it and especially growing up with parents and family that are very deeply rooted in poverty Consciousness. You hold on you have a doll you have a doll for 10 years, you know, you have a piece of chicken you hold on that piece of chicken till the last rice grain has been eating then you eat the chicken, you know, and if you're cured, In and a person of color, you know what I mean by that you just hold onto things, you know, if you grew up in deep poverty, you also know what I mean by that, you know, I you know, one of the deep programming's that I've had to deprogram myself from that I'm still doing is is the programming of self-worth was it which is attached to the way that I make money. Me and how I make money when I am in full worthiness of myself. I am so abundant money just comes in without even me having to lift a finger. It just comes in when I'm in deep work of my shadow and my worth and my confidence I'm completely halted from all abundance. And that's part of the death that is going on right now with with me. I'm dying. My old self is no longer needed. And I am morning and I am grieving. Because I think a part of me to letting go of those former selves and letting go of my son that has passed away. And I'm letting go of just a way of living that has really you know, when you think that we think of it really hasn't. It's just been basic. It's just been quote unquote regular, you know, there's so much more greatness that's in store. But when you're used to a certain way of living and a certain size of home and you're just grateful for for that, you know that you don't even realize that you're holding on to too two really small things because you just so grateful for those small things that you don't realize that there's greater bigger. Easing things that awaits you but you're just holding on because while I'm grateful for this little box that I have. But when do we have to look at that little box and be like you're worthy of more? You can let go of this box because there's going to be a bigger box waiting for you and trusting that and doing the work that it takes to get to that Consciousness to get to that place. It's really deep work. I think I'm up on my our I'm getting up on my our don't want to pass my our I really hope I have the courage to post this because I am a Scorpio woman. I'm very private. I only show what I want when it comes to my personal life, right? I just don't I don't show that because it's just no one's business. Right but and it's like it's like something especially with being a teacher and being out there in the world where I where I download work and I put into the world. I always feel like what's personal in my life is mine and just mine so, you know, including my own personal thoughts and actually it's not really true because my work is based on how and how I process things right? That's how I do my work. This is why I always tell people like I'm not one of these teachers that talk out of their ass. I know what I am saying because I go through it I go through the death I go through the transformation I go to the work and then when I've done the work I go out into the world and then I talked right and then I show you how to transmute it. I show you how to heal it I show you how to look at it. You know that that's that's that's what I'm Called to do you know, I'm not just going to talk things and I haven't been through anything. I'm not going to tell you what to do just because I learned it from a book. I am telling you because I've gone through it and a part of me is really excited for what's about to come out through this this deep ceiling that I'm doing now because it's deep and I know I'm going through it because it's making me step into a higher form of being here. So the work that's going to come out of this. Oh, Goodness, it's epic. I can feel it. I can feel in my bones. I could feel the humming that I felt 20 years ago and that humming changed my life. Because I listened I got quiet. You know, even though I couldn't sleep for months on end with without without a lamp or without a light in my room because I was just I was seeing everything it scared the fuck out of me, right but eventually I you know that said that that's what anything that you're learning you eventually. Turn off the light and you trust the darkness that's coming over you to transform you. Darkness is a beautiful thing. You know the womb Mama Tyra deep inside the grid of Mama. Oh God, it's dark. It's beautiful. But you ever you ever, you know, you ever are you ever in meditation and then it's so dark, but then you start seeing light but your but your eyes are closed. I don't know how to explain it. 99 of the greatest things that have come about in my life has come from Darkness. including the shift So with that said I'm coming on my our here. I just wanted to share that with you. If you are experiencing that yourself and going through that yourself. I'm I'm guided to just say. die Cuz what's about to be reborn? is as out of this world. It's going to make you happy. It's going to make you live in a new reality. You never thought was possible for yourself. It's going to make you abundance and always abundant and happiness abundant inflow abundant in energy abundant in thought frequency. I know it's scary. I've been doing this for 20 something years and I say 20 years, but I've been going through my whole life to be honest. I just never could put a word to it. I think a lot of us have been built with an Awakening for quite some time. We just never knew how to put word to it. And it has be as we level up it gets more intense. Right? So now that there's a word for it. Oh Ascension now, we know how to put a word to it. But I think a lot of us we've been doing this stuff for for Way Beyond what we think we've been doing it for that's my personal opinion I was actually thinking that the other day and I heard source that you've been doing this your whole life and I was like actually not when I go into my childhood and you know what I was going through and sensing and I just thought I was a very sensitive and if you were raised in a family where I why are you so emotional why are you such an over-thinker why do you have to like make everything about you and make everything about that you were probably ascending you know we know now that the children that we have that are very very sensitive to energies indigo's who have a war of have been have been put stigmas on by having Edd and all this have stuff we know now that those children are just highly sensitive children so what makes you think that you weren't as a highly sensitive children Child, you know, excuse me 59 minutes before this is cut off. So, I love you. Go through it. It's a beautiful time to really transform part part of me, you know is it's quite such a Scorpio thing to say, but I quite enjoy the intensity sometimes sometimes because I know what's on the other side of it. You know, I know that through the darkness comes light it there's light in it, you know, I know I know that it's beautiful what comes out of it, you know, and I love the process of it. Don't get me wrong. There's days where I'm just like I'm like I'm knocked out. I'm on my way. I'm on I'm just I'm done but Yeah, I love you. Stand strong you were made for this. so much love