Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked. She had a boyfriend Ali was surprised. Why was this girl asking so many personal questions? She tried to brush the question off for applying it's complicated. But Michelle didn't take the hint. She launched into a story about her own boyfriend Conrad Michelle confessed that she was worried about him. He wasn't answering her calls and quote. He's been suicidal Ali didn't know what to say. She wrote back. Sorry, I'm not much help. I just don't really know you or the situation that well. A minute later. Michelle's reply popped up. Haha. No, it's okay. Don't worry about it. And I mean I Feel Like We are Becoming good friends, so you'll know me well soon. Ellie put her phone away unnerved Michelle was coming on way too strong an ally felt unsettled by all the smiley faces and LOLs and Michelle's tax. It was peculiar for someone who claimed to be worried about her suicidal boyfriend. Michelle sure didn't act like it. Hi, I'm Lanie Hobbs. And this is Crimes of Passion a par cast original. The legal definition of a crime of passion is a violent crime that occurs in the throes of extreme emotion leaving no time to reflect on the consequences. But in this show, we explore how passionate relationships sometimes lead us to criminal activity Al does a husband and wife become Killer and victim. Victim or killer and co-conspirator if there's a thin line between love and hate what manipulates our relationships into deadly results. You can find episodes of crimes of passion and all other Park asked Originals for free on Spotify over ever you listen to podcasts to stream crimes of passion for free on Spotify, which is open the app and type crimes of passion in the search bar at par cast. We are grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at podcast and Twitter at Park as Network and if you enjoy today's episode the best way to Help is to leave a five star review wherever you're listening. It really does help us. This week we'll discuss the intense relationship between to Massachusetts teenagers Conrad Roy and Michelle Carter, although they only met in person a handful of times. They exchanged thousands of messages through text and Facebook developing a close Bond but both struggled with serious mental health issues their troubles only grew worse over the course of their two-year on-again off-again long-distance relationship until the intimacy they shared Toxic and destructive next week. We'll talk about the tragic end of Michelle and Conrad's relationship and the highly publicized groundbreaking legal case that followed Michelle Carter was born on August 11th, 1996 by all accounts. She had an unremarkable childhood her. Father David was a sales manager and her mother Gail worked in real estate Michelle grew up on a quiet cul-de-sac in Plainville, Massachusetts a suburb located about 28 miles Southwest of Boston friends and Neighbors in the community describe Michelle as a kind well-liked and thoughtful child, but from a young age, she struggled with mental health issues. She reportedly suffered from violent night terrors when she was little she later told a friend. Used to bang my head on the walls and scream and when I woke up I had no idea what happened when she was only 11 years old Michelle developed an eating disorder before I continue with Michelle psychology. Please note that I am not a licensed psychiatrist or psychologist, but I have done a lot of research for the show. The causes of Eating Disorders are not fully understood but eating disorder therapist Jennifer Rowland has said that people struggling with eating disorders often turn to their eating disorder behaviors in an unconscious effort to try to help themselves feel better and to cope with difficult emotions rule in added that disordered eating as a self-soothing behavior in response to feelings of anxiety sadness or loneliness. In 2010, Michelle's parents admitted her into an inpatient program at a psychiatric hospital. Michelle's medical records indicate that the fourteen-year-old weighed just 86 pounds. Her blood pressure was dangerously low and she had chronic liver dysfunction as a result of her anorexia. In February of 2011 Michelle's primary care doctor prescribed her Prozac as a part of her treatment plan the drug seem to help Michelle gain weight, but it didn't eliminate Michelle's disordered eating patterns Michelle's Mother reported that the teen was prone to episodes of binge eating followed by compulsive exercising Michelle also told her peers that she felt suicidal at times and that she struggled with self-injury. She described herself as lonely. Although she wasn't unpopular. She had trouble making close friends. She once confided in a classmate that she didn't feel like she had any real friends and that nobody ever asked her to hang out after school. She texted another friend. Stop telling me how wonderful and beautiful. I am because beautiful girls get invited to parties and their friends call and want to hang out. They don't spend Friday nights alone. Clinical psychiatrist Peter breggin later said there's no question that Michelle is always asking people to love her. A lot of her friends couldn't reciprocate because she's too desperate. She's so needy. It's a hole. No one can fill. Dr. Reagan believe that Michelle behave this way because she suffered from anxiety and depression Michelle self-esteem issues were not necessarily uncommon in a study commissioned by the dove self-esteem fund researchers found that seventy percent of teen girls feel insecure about their looks performance in school and relationships with friends and family members, but even if Michelle's feelings were common. They still cost her significant distress and He used unhealthy coping mechanisms such as disordered eating and self-injury to cope with her insecurities. Oh, Michelle wanted was someone who understood her and in February of 2012. She thought she had found that person that winter 15 year-old. Michelle went to visit her grandmother in Naples, Florida there. She met Conrad Roy the third Conrad was visiting his great-aunt a few houses down from where Michelle was staying born, September 12 1995. Was just a year older than Michelle. He was also from Massachusetts specifically the coastal town of Mattapoisett about an hour south of where Michelle lived in Plainville. Conrad's great-aunt was friends with Michelle's grandmother the two women introduced the teens and encourage them to go on a bike ride together Conrad and Michelle road to the beach talked and flirted. Michelle leader said she liked Conrad of right away. She said she could tell he liked her too because he asked if she had a boyfriend when they're Florida trip ended they decided to keep in touch for months. They exchanged messages by text and Facebook communicating with each other on a daily basis by the summer of 2012. They were calling each other girlfriend and boyfriend. Like Michelle Conrad also struggled with mental health issues in 2011, when he was 16 years old. He was hit particularly hard by his parents acrimonious divorce. He began to suffer from depression and Social Anxiety when his grades dropped in school, he told his parents it was because he had insomnia racing thoughts and gaps in his memory. His parents took him to a therapist. The Conrad couldn't seem to tell them or his parents the extent of his depression. He later said he had trouble expressing himself in therapy and he thought even if he could explain how he felt he didn't think anyone was capable of helping him. Anyway, although his family knew he was struggling. They didn't know that he was experiencing thoughts of self-harm and suicide Conrad didn't share these thoughts with Michelle either at first. Their relationship was still fairly casual. In fact Conrad wasn't the only person Michelle was interested in. In the summer of 2012. Well, she kept up her online relationship with Conrad Michelle developed a bond with another girl on her softball team Alice the girls texted and messaged each other constantly. They frequently spent the night at each other's houses. According to Michelle. Although Alice later denied it. This was more than a friendship. Michelle said I thought it was a phase at first like I thought we were just really good. Friends, but we started talking like people in a relationship would flirting and stuff. Michelle also said that Alice was her first kiss. But Alice's mother kelly didn't like the girl spending so much time together. Kelly later said she felt suspicious of Michelle right away something about the girls seemed phony she reasoned no kid, is that nice? At one point Kelly tried to confiscate Alice's phone to keep the girls from texting each other Alice try to trick her by handing over an old phone Kelly also discovered that Alice had made a secret Facebook account so that the girls could continue to speak. Finally in the early fall of 2012. She forbade Alice from seeing Michelle Alice obeyed her mother. She blocked Michelle on social media and stopped responding to her calls and texts. Michelle was devastated. She later texted a friend. I never cry about things but I cry over her. I cried telling my therapist about her today. I don't know why she has such a big impact on me. She just Us Michelle told another classmate that she hadn't felt happy since the friendship ended Alice is rejection had heard her more than anything. But Michelle didn't appear to let on to Conrad Roy that she was depressed about Alice in messages to him around this time. She sounded upbeat and relaxed they bantered and slung teasing insults at one another they spoke about their favorite music he chatted about his rowing team. She talked about basketball practice. There was little in these messages to suggest that both teens were in an intense amount of pain because Conrad Also in a dark place in the fall of 2012 despite therapy his suicidal ideation had increased in October 17 year old Conrad waited until his mother left the house then swallow to whole bottles of Tylenol plus a bottle of Nyquil. However, he immediately regretted his decision. He texted her friend Ariana and told her he was sick. He asked her to Call his mother for him Conrad's mother Lynn returned home and rushed him to the hospital. Conrad promised his mother that he would never try anything like that again, but he still felt depressed alone and scared Conrad didn't know how much longer he could go on. It was Agony trying to live each day as if everything were normal. It would be a relief to just let the mask fall and to let everyone see who he really was but he was afraid of what they would think. If they saw the real Conrad, maybe they would hate him as much as he hated himself. Conrad ached for relief for understanding for salvation, but he didn't know where to begin looking for it. Perhaps it would help if even just one person understood him. Maybe that would make him feel as if he had something or someone to live for. On October 10 2012 Conrad sent Michelle a Facebook message. He asked do you care what's been happening to me? She responded immediately what's been happening with that Conrad opened up to her about his suicide attempt. He warned her. I'm not the person you thought I was as if preparing for her to reject him, but Michelle didn't she called him? One of the most amazing guys, she'd ever met telling him how happy he made her. She told him that she wanted to help him get better that intense conversation signaled a shift in their relationship. They became each other's confidence sharing their darkest Thoughts with one another even though they were miles apart dealing with a world of pain now they were in it together. Up next Conrad and Michelle continue to spiral as their Communications become more frequent and more toxic. Hi, it's Lainey. I'm excited to tell you that park has an incredible new show you must check out it's called dictators and it lets you delve into the minds of some of the world's most feared leaders. You can hear new. It's every Tuesday here are host Kate and Richard to tell you more. Thank you so much. They are natural-born Leaders with a never-ending thirst for power through force and deceit they rise through the ranks towards radicalism eliminating anyone who stands in their way and the only thing more inevitable than their rise is their ruin discover the true stories of power greed and deceit in the park has two original series. Dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control. Each dictator is analyzed into part episodes with the first giving insight into their rise to power and the second chronicling the impact of their downfall hear more about the men who claimed to love their country, but were intricately responsible for killing millions of their own people. All men such as prime minister Benito Mussolini supreme leader Kim Jong Hoon and even Julius Caesar himself discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level follow dictators free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Now back to the story. In the fall of 2012 17 year old Conrad Roy and 16 year-old. Michelle Carter were eight months deep in an on-again off-again long-distance relationship over texts and social media when Conrad attempted suicide that October he reached out to Michelle for help the two exchanged messages every day even multiple times a day. Their families had no idea. The relationship was so intense Conrad's mother knew he I made a friend in Florida the year before but she thought they were just acquaintances and reality Conrad was sharing his deepest secrets with Michelle including that he still felt suicidal. He told her he was trying to decide between three methods of killing himself drowning overdosing on sleeping pills or hanging. Michelle begged him not to go through with it. She told him he was scaring her she tried to convince him that he had a lot to live for. But at the same time she also romanticized death in one of their conversations Conrad told Michelle that he was worried. He'd permanently damaged his liver with his Tylenol overdose. Michelle told him that her anorexia had damaged her liver as well. She pointed out that they both could have died from liver failure then added we would die together and be in heaven together forever. Conrad made similar grandiose statements although his took and even more McCobb turn in November of 2012 a few weeks after Conrad attempted suicide. He told Michelle that he had experienced hallucinations of Satan while he was in the hospital Michelle told him she had seen Satan to in her nightmares Conrad responded. Maybe we were meant to be together the devil brought us together. He described a future in which both their souls would suffer in Hell For Eternity Conrad advice Michelle to start praying every night and she promised that she would although Conrad was the first to mention Satan Michelle seemed captivated by this fantasy that the devil was controlling their lives the next morning Michelle agonized to Conrad that she was the Devil's Child. She messaged him he wants Both of us. You're the only one who understands. Michelle seemed eager to turn their relationship into something epic. They weren't just boyfriend and girlfriend. They were soulmates locked in a battle against Pure Evil. The only way they'd overcome it would be by supporting one another. Michelle tried to fit their relationship into a storybook romance as best she could she loved the show Glee and actress Lea Michele was her Idol some time sheets and Conrad quotes from the show pretending they were her own words what she and Conrad had was bigger than real life. Only her fictional Idols could convey how Michelle felt but her intense feelings weren't always reciprocated By Conrad. Sometimes they do. Late into the night and declare their love for each other other times. He'd seem dismissive of Michelle and her problems. Michelle and Conrad like to tease each other, but sometimes his taunts turned nasty. He'd say things like go for a run fatty, even though he knew her history of disordered eating he told her she looked gross in her Facebook profile picture. Sometimes he badgered Michelle about when they might be able to meet in person so they could have sex, but she wasn't ready yet. She worried that her friends would judge her. He responded that she Being dumb by early 2013 their connection seem to have dwindled Michelle continue to send him messages. She felt were romantic. She told him you're the one I think I've been waiting to find Conrad responded curtly. You said that before other times he refused to answer her at all. Michelle was heartbroken and angry. She later told him I was there. For you and I helped you and you just forgot about me. Conrad may have pulled away from the relationship due to troubles and his home life in February of 2013 the seventeen-year-old got into a violent altercation with his father police were called to the house and his father was arrested for assault and domestic battery. Conrad's father later said he was trying to discipline his son, but it got out of control whatever drove them apart Conrad and Michelle apparently broke up but on October Super 10th 2013 Michelle send him a message telling him how important he was to her. He asked her why she had messaged him. She wrote that she was watching a Glee tribute episode to the late actor Cory Monteith. She said it made her realize how much she loved him and how much she would miss him if he were gone when Conrad didn't answer. She asked do you think we will get married? He didn't respond Michelle's intensity was too much for Conrad. A few months later, they stopped talking and he began dating someone else. Michelle was crushed. She had talked about them spending their lives together now suddenly he was gone. For Conrad it seemed easier to move on outwardly his life seemed to be going. Well, he began thinking about the future in the spring of 2014. He took night courses at the Northeast Maritime Institute and earned his captain's license so that he could work for his father's Marine Towing and Salvage Company here and good grades during his senior year in high school and he was accepted to Fitchburg State University with a full scholarship. But around the same time eighteen-year-old Conrad's mental health took another downturn at one point. He went to go visit a friend Tom at Fitchburg State, but instead of making him feel excited about his future the trip made him feel overwhelmed and out of place. Conrad sat rigidly on the bed watching his friend Tom talk and laugh with a group of his friends gathered in the dorm room. He seeds with jealousy. He didn't understand why it was so easy for everyone else and so difficult for him. Everyone else could crack jokes tell stories or come up with interesting things to say, all he could do was sit there. He knew that if he opened his mouth anything that came out what sounds stupid his face felt hot and his palms were sweaty. He wondered if they were all thinking about how awkward he was how boring they must be wondering why Tom was even friends with him Conrad wished he could just stand up and walk out without anyone noticing him he wished he could disappear he wished he didn't exist. After the trip Conrad told his mother he was feeling anxious and having trouble sleeping after months of Silence. He reached out to Michelle and told her he was feeling depressed. Again. It was a difficult time for Michelle as well in March her doctor took her off Prozac and switched her to a different medication Celexa. Michelle felt that her disordered eating symptoms grew worse after the switch given their volatile pass. Stand her own struggles. Michelle seemed conflicted about resuming her Communications with Conrad in late April. She texted a friend that she was finally starting to get over the relationship until his text brought back old feelings. She wrote I hate him, but I also really care about him in her relationship with Conrad Michelle seemed to feel many emotions at once fear love anxiety. Excitement. It's not uncommon for adolescents to experience many feelings at the same time, but they often have difficulties processing them in the 2018 study from Harvard and the University of Washington researchers studied emotion differentiation, which is the ability to know and accurately label distinct emotions in yourself. This ability is particularly difficult for teens compared to both adults and children. Children, usually only Experience One emotion at a time which makes it easy for them to identify what they are feeling adults may have many emotions at once but they have usually learn to correctly identify them teens and contrast have not yet learned to distinguish between their different feelings lead author. Eric Cooke stated that adolescence is a period of more murkiness. And what emotions one is feeling. He also stated that this may make More difficult for teens to differentiate and regulate their emotions Michelle in particular may have had even more difficulty processing emotions than other teens a 2009 study by lead author Claire Yen. CH found that women with anorexia had lower levels of self-reported emotional awareness and expression than the control group this inability to identify and regulate emotions can have negative consequences. In another study led by University of Michigan author Emery demo Ralph researchers found that people who lack the ability to differentiate these particular emotional states from each other or from a general feeling of unpleasantness might choose actions that are not appropriate to the current context and might exacerbate the problem. Michelle's friends advised her that she should be careful about getting involved with Conrad again one said I think that you talking to Conrad isn't good for you another warned her. He seems like bad news, but Michelle couldn't seem to resist her old flame. She brushed off her friends concerned saying I don't want to lose him. He was my first love Michelle and Conrad fell into a familiar. Your pattern of discussing their mental health issues. She seemed eager to help him work through his problems when he talked about how uncomfortable he was in group settings. She sent him links to articles on how to deal with social anxiety on June 1st, 2014. Michelle texted him that she was planning on checking herself into an inpatient treatment program for her eating disorder. She wanted Conrad to consider checking himself into telling him that he needed professional. It'll help Conrad rejected this idea. He didn't want people telling him what to do. He wanted to manage his problems himself. He swore that he'd continue to see a therapist and take his medication. But Michelle didn't think that was enough. She was worried. She told him she was afraid that if he didn't take more drastic steps to get help he become suicidal again. Conrad promised her that he was no longer considering suicide. Michelle seemed reassured at that point Conrad didn't let on to Michelle how much his despair was beginning to overwhelm him, but he wouldn't be able to keep it a secret from her for long. Coming up Conrad leans more and more on Michelle for support but the encouragement she offers him takes a disturbing turn now back to the story. On June 9 2012 17 year-old Michelle Carter checked into McLean Hospital in Belmont Massachusetts to receive treatment for her eating disorder. It may have been difficult for her to focus on her recovery. Even in a dedicated program her boyfriend 18 year old Conrad Roy texted and called her for help with his own problems throughout her stay. His messages were sometimes frantic. Like I really need to talk. It's urgent Michelle seemed overwhelmed her treatment programs rigid schedule didn't allow her to drop everything to take his calls. She apologized profusely to him when she couldn't respond Conrad began slipping in comments letting her know he was thinking about suicide again at one point Michelle texted him that they should plan to meet up when she was out of the hospital he responded if Make it that far Conrad's internet search history presents a bleak picture of his mindset at the time. He Googled phrases like is there a hell and can you go to heaven if you commit suicide on June 19 2012 Michelle again asked him to promise that he wouldn't consider taking his life. He told her I want to but nothing is that bad. Two days later Michelle left the hospital and returned home Conrad asked if she wanted to hang out then seemed angry that she had already made plans with other friends. He accused her of not making time for him. But when she asked to hang out a few days later, he replied briskly that now he was busy. Is hot and cold Behavior confused Michelle on June 22nd. She told her friend that she knew talking to Conrad wasn't good for her, but she wasn't sure how to stop either around the same time. She told classmates that she still held intense feelings for her old best friend Alice, even though it had been two years since they stopped seeing each other these feelings confused her. She didn't want to accept that she might be bisexual. Between Conrad's depression and Michelle sexual confusion life was becoming overwhelming for the two teenagers. On June 26 2014 Conrad texted Michelle I give up. She responded worried Conrad you're not going to do anything right when he gave her vague responses. She grew more insistent pleading with him asking him to reassure her that he wasn't going to harm himself when Conrad finally told her he was okay Michelle snapped at him then stop saying you're going to do it. If you aren't going to I don't want you to say it if you don't mean it because then I worry. Later on that same day Conrad wrote to her. We should be like Romeo and Juliet at the end Michelle thought it was a romantic gesture until Conrad reminded her of how the play ended. She emphatically told him that she had no intention of dying. Michelle was clearly becoming overwhelmed by her role as Conrad's Confidant and Lifeline the role. She played in his life feeling responsible for shepherding his mental health could be comparable to that of a caregiver a 2016 study presented by the National Alliance for caregiving surveyed over 1,600 individuals who acted as a caretaker for someone with mental illness the study found that 74 percent of respondents reported. Feeling High emotional stress and over half of those surveyed felt that caregiving made their own health worse. A 1999 study by Janice H Jenkins and John G Schumacher also found that of all the symptoms displayed by mentally ill patients caregivers were most distressed by demonstrations of misery Michelle witness Conrad suffering day after day, perhaps she started to crack under the pressure. On June 29th. She texted part of me wants you to try something and fail just so you can go get help. The next day she took it a step further when Conrad told her he was going to try to order poisonous seeds online. She responded. Why don't you just drink bleach by the beginning of July? She'd stop trying to convince him to go to the hospital or seek help instead when he spoke of killing himself. She replied. Jesus will take care of you babe. You'll be happy and protected and Heaven. I just want you to finally be happy and if This is the only way you think you're going to be happy heaven will welcome you with open arms. This was exactly what Conrad wanted to hear. It seems that this is when Conrad felt something shift in his mind. It was like a heavy burden had just rolled off his back Michelle really understood him everyone else tried to convince him to be happy. They tried to persuade him that he should stay alive. It made him feel guilty. Like he had to stay alive just to please everyone else now here was Michelle saying that he didn't have to keep struggling. Ling he could just let go and Michelle loved him Conrad didn't think she'd ever try to hurt him. If she said it was okay to die then maybe it was perhaps it wasn't such a big deal. It may be the only way he'd ever find. Peace. Maybe it was finally time. It isn't clear what Michelle's mindset was at the time. She later said she was using reverse psychology. Hoping that by encouraging Conrad suicidal ideation. He'd realized he was being irrational or maybe she really thought that she was helping him Escape his pain. She could have considered it an act of compassionate euthanasia. These are the more charitable explanations for Michelle's Behavior. But some have speculated that she was acting out more Psychopathic Tendencies perhaps Michelle felt emboldened by her ability to manipulate Conrad in one interview about the case clinical psychologist. And author Seth Meyers said a person may try to coerce another into suicide to gain a sense of power or gratification. The thinking is if I can Get this person to do the most extreme or outlandish thing ever. I could get this person to do anything. So I think that this was gratifying for this girl to have this degree of power or control over him. And that is the piece that seems most related to psychopathy because we know that psychopaths are oriented around winning and power Above All Else. Another possibility is that Michelle was simply ready for the relationship to end and she cruelly thought that Conrad's death was the easiest way out. There's some evidence that Michelle wanted to move on that July. She was working as a volunteer sports coach at a summer camp. She met another girl there Ali a fellow coach. She texted a friend that she liked Ali she hadn't felt that way about another girl since Alice. Michelle didn't tell Conrad about the feelings she had for someone else by then most of their Communications revolved around Conrad Suicidal Thoughts. On July 2nd, Michelle began asking Conrad when he was going to go through with the suicide. She also tried to convince him that his family would be okay if he died Conrad asked her how would you feel if your sister killed herself Michelle responded that she would be devastated at first, but that she'd eventually find a way to cope and move on Michelle went on to say that Conrad could be his sister's Guardian Angel if he passed away. The next day she asked him again if he planned to go through with the suicide. He told her he wanted to go off into the woods and tape a plastic bag over his head. She asked him if you're going to do a last tweet. Can it be about me and tag me? When Conrad texted her the next day still alive Michelle was angry. She felt like he was making a fool out of her. She furiously texted him you lied about this whole thing. You said you were going to go to the woods and do it. She added. I poured my heart out to you thinking this was going to be the last time I talked to you. I thought you really wanted to die. But apparently you don't I feel played and just stupid. Conrad assured her that he still wanted to kill himself. He was just researching the least painful ways to do it. Michelle egged him on she suggested that he find a way to overdose on heroin so he could be like Cory Monteith then she could be his Lea Michele Conrad laughs this method off as a joke, but he still was serious about taking concrete steps to end his life. On July 7th, he told Michelle that he was planning on stealing a portable generator from work. He decided that he would drive to an empty parking lot and seal himself up in his truck with a generator running Until It produced enough carbon monoxide to fill the truck cab and suffocate him Michelle approved of the plan over the next two days. She hounded him about when exactly he was picking up the generator. On July 9th Conrad brought the generator home from work. He told her he was ready to go through with his plan. Around 11:00 p.m. That night Conrad texted Michelle that he was about to do it and that he loved her. She asked if he was serious whether he had really turned on the generator. He didn't answer she texted him several more times Conrad. Please answer me right now. You're scaring me. Conrad texted her around 10 o'clock the next morning telling her he was okay. The generator had stopped working. They exchanged text back and forth about what he should do next bizarrely even though Michelle knew that Conrad was all right. She texted her other friends at morning telling them that Conrad was missing. She seemed to want to elicit their sympathy she wrote to a friend that she was losing. Hope that Conrad was still alive. She said she couldn't understand why he wasn't responding to her and reality Conrad was answering Michelle's messages. They had been texting non-stop in those messages Conrad told her he had fixed the generator. Michelle was pleased she told him you're ready babe. You can do it. Thanks again for tuning into Crimes of Passion. We will be back Wednesday with part 2 of Michelle Carter and Conrad roy story will talk about the tragic end of their relationship and the heated public reaction that followed you can find more episodes of crimes of passion and all other park has two Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you. To enjoy all of your favorite podcast Originals like crimes of passion for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream Crimes of Passion on Spotify just open the app and type crimes of passion in the search bar, and don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Instagram at podcast and Twitter at podcast Network. We'll see you next time when true love meets True Crime. Crimes of Passion was created by Max Cutler and is a park a Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron color sound design by Trent Williamson with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Freddy Beckley this episode of crimes of passion was written by Kristina pammy's with writing assistance by Abigail Cannon. I'm Lanie hops I listeners. Don't forget to check out park has fantastic new original series dictators every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life timer and exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level search for dictators in the Spotify app and listen free today.