The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boyEvents will be your guides the real you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick shout-out to everyone who had a chance to listen to episode 1 we're honestly so grateful and appreciative and we just want to express that so thanks to all of you beautiful souls out there. We hope you continue to listen. Joy, as you follow us on our journey and as always to begin, I will open up with meditation by American writer and entrepreneur Mark Twain. The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out. Why what is your why what is important about your why what is it that drives you to wake up every morning. What do you living for? If you have no purpose or goal? What's the point to quote Socrates Socrates once said an unexamined life is not worth living. He's basically trying to say that worth is what people use to define their reason for living if their life has worth they will continue to Enjoy life, but on the flip side, if you don't examine life, there's no reason to want to live the day you figure out your why is the most important day in your life because that's a day you become unstoppable. That's the day you find your purpose. Nothing is going to be able to stop you from achieving your dreams and your passions. If you really understand why you're doing it if your why is strong enough your how will reveal itself hundred percent? And because our thoughts have so much power. I just want to share a quote by British author David chamel. Don't speak badly of yourself for the warrior within here's your words and his lesson by them. Think about it every thought feeling and emotion that we feel is shaped by our beliefs and values. Our whole lives are basically set up based on all our decisions all the little things that you've decided got you to where you are today. The beauty and this is realizing that wherever it is that you are now whether you're perfectly content or you're totally disappointed you ultimately have the power to change it. It's so important to be mindful of our thoughts because our mind makes her reality. Our minds are the center of our own Universe. Our thoughts are real and powerful and what you think directly influences how you feel how you behave and your beliefs can influence other people's behavior. Remember guys, nothing is going to change unless you do and that all begins with our thoughts. So farts are powerful because fotz is a form of energy mix. I just want to share a story about why it's so important. We got to be careful what we say to our family friends and ourselves, but I will always have this vivid memory when I was 13 years old. I remember when I was 13, I just moved from the West Coast Vancouver to the east coast Toronto and it was a totally different culture from the clothes. I wore the slang I use no one in Toronto seen that For like I was a total Outcast and that was super confusing for me because I just I was like a normal guy had friends at my old school and then I came here wearing the same baggy clothes like well, everyone was wearing tight jeans. I just did not fit in. This is why if you listen to episode 1 I referred to Caleb as this cool Street hipster. Now you guys have a background of why tough time I'd absolutely no friends. And so what I would do is I would try to learn how to dance. I'm at home. I put the cardboard down on the floor and I'll just roll around on the floor. So I remember one day my dad saw me. He told me he just saw me and told me son. You're trying to learn how to dance you're completely wasting your time. Your uncoordinated. You have no musicality and just you just stick to math. So basically, it's like your typical Asian Dad. I absolutely love my dad, but I'll never forget that comment. I didn't say anything back to him at the time because he was probably right. But at that point I made a choice to myself I decided I'm going to work even harder to prove them wrong because deep down. I knew I could dance like deep down. I just knew I could and that was one of the best decisions I've ever made and dance made me uncomfortable and through that discomfort. I grew so much. I made so many valuable connections through dance and helped me gain so much confidence at those critical years of my life when I entered High School the following The year, I started practicing at the local college with college students. These old students are Role Models gave me advice. They kept me out of trouble and it gave me so much confidence, especially if I'm learning how to do a backflip. So just from watching YouTube videos and practicing them backyards learning how to backflip help me gain so much Social rank in school just because I could backflip on command at the end of high school. I could dance in front of the whole school of 800 900 students confidently one money. Some competitions and Just Dance kept me out of trouble. I don't know where I would be without dance. So imagine if I stop the day, my dad said those comments he would have been right I wouldn't have been able to dance. So from there. I learned if you fight for your limitations, you will keep them. So please be careful what you say to your friends. What do you say to your family and most importantly what you say to yourself? Because whether you think you can or you can't you're right. So more of the story don't listen to your parents. I don't know that's the whole moral of story that can be generalized like that. But no, but seriously don't let other people's opinions affect you because opinions are literally the cheapest commodity in the world literally, everyone has one facts opinions and talk or both cheap the biggest takeaway from just learning how to dance is the power of self belief in the power. Our positive thinking because ultimately it's because I believed that I could dance that's what motivated me to practice more myself belief influence my behavior. And then when I practice some more the better, I got it just reinforced my belief that I could dance everything is interrelated. So be mindful of what you think and believe again if you fight for your limitations, you will keep them. Nothing is going to change unless you do and not all begins with your thoughts. It's all Interrelated you are what you think and to be honest people don't actually think that often they don't use their conscious decision making skills as often as one would think for example 40% of people's there's a 40% 40% or more of our day is spent by habitual routine. The mind is a creature of habit and we are the sum of those habits. So everything you think and you do That's being communicated to your subconscious everything that you think is being recorded by your subconscious. And what's so interesting about the subconscious in our brain is that positive and negative emotions cannot occupy the mind at the same time and what people don't realize is positive thinking is a choice that becomes a habit positive thinking is a muscle that needs to be exercised to become a strong in this podcast. You're going to hear us talk about how So a lot and you're going to hear us talk about discipline because from my experiences it takes discipline to find out who you really are being able to get yourself to do. The things you don't want to do is ultimately Freedom being able to control your thoughts this freedom and it's from just allowing allowing your thoughts to wander listening to your thoughts listening to your heart as how you're going to become who you really are if you're going through autopilot constantly on your phone. Never have any alone time and he faking time. You never you never going to become the real you. Let me ask you this. When was the last time you actually sat down and thought to yourself? Who am I? We all think we know who we are in reality. We are basically running on scripts. So for those who've watched The Matrix, it's basically like we're stuck in The Matrix, but in reality we have the ability to think for ourselves. We have the ability to make conscious decisions. Everything we do is up to us. Meaning we're responsible for everything that we do. The next time something bad happens to you. Don't blame everyone else literally people blame everything but themselves to blame the economy the blame society to blame their neighbor, like people need to wake up and realize that everything that happens to them when sue them for a reason everything that happens to them is shaped by them. So you have the power to shape your life in any way you want it to be it's all up to you. Yeah. I just like in The Matrix Morpheus offers Neo you want to take the red pill or the blue pill? You can take the blue pill and just go back to your ordinary life and just live in the social contracts. You were taught go to school putting you get a job have a wife have some kids and then just died, but don't worry. Your life's going to start after retire. Just living miserably now and then when you save up enough money and when you're tired life's going to be lit. Like or you can take the red pill and just live in reality. Everything's about perspective and perspective is a choice. Like you can choose to be a victim or you can choose to take control of your life. You are in control you choosing not to believe in yourself. That's going to become a reality. Thank God you kind of reference the movie there because I actually didn't watch the movie. So y'all as a frickin nerd. I love Matrix Fight Club to bangs now. We understand the importance of your why. You're probably wondering how do I find my y what's my why what a what's my purpose in life and that's for you to figure out but but we're here to give you some tips on Guiding you on how to find your why I like finding your why is an ongoing process even a year ago. If you ask me Caleb, what's your number one goal. I would tell you without even blinking to become a millionaire before 30. And what I did because from my mentors, they told me to follow the Warren Buffett 525 rule. I wrote down my top 25 goals and I circled my top five and number one was become a millionaire before 30. I started making my smart goals and start planning on how I was going to become a millionaire before 30 develop multiple Paths of sources of income invest in real estate and do all these things. Right but it's pretty funny because like six months after I when I reflect on my goals again that goal actually fell way Lauren Listen, it's through a lot of introspection. Maybe a little psilocybin. I realized in myself that you let's go was not even for myself. Like if I'm not happy now on my process to become a millionaire. How am I going to be happy if a million dollars? And from there, I really revised my goal. I realized some things I absolutely had to do with my bucket list and it's from practicing gratitude and realize I can't take life for granted. Like life is precious. If I was to die today, I don't want to I don't want my memories to just be working 9:00 to 5:00 and always saving up for you know, when I retire that's when I'll travel the world. No, I like everything is a choice and we accept it. Yeah, if you want to be a millionaire. You're by 30. That's up to you. You want to put in the work? You want to make that money? You want to make that bread that's up to you. Not not your neighbor. Not the economy not Society. Not your dog. It's up to you man. And a quick disclaimer disclaimer becoming a millionaire before 30 still on my bucket list or my top 25 list, but it's just my reason why become becoming a millionaire has changed before is more just like, oh I wanted to buy a house for my parents I want to do. Do by my dad and M3. Like I had all these goals that were I needed money to accomplish and not saying that money is evil money is not evil money's just a tool. It's our relationship with money and how we use it. That's when it became become evil, but by Nature, I genuinely believe money is a good thing. That's a tool that can just help us it can just be a tool for us to accomplish our goals. It can help us be more generous to help other people now, that's that's one way. I like to think about it is That money is kind of like a enhancer. So if you're like an asshole and you got money, it's just going to enhance your douchebag Enos the whole just get bigger exactly the whole just gets bigger, but on the other hand, if you're like not the asshole just the whole thing, but on the other hand if you're kind caring compassionate and you got money that's just going to multiply it even more you can just have a bigger impact on the world exactly money is Not evil people are going a little bit on a tangent. Just know that your goals can change over time like everything else or just takes practice like figure out your why figuring your goals, you know, sit down have some alone time write down journal in your book make a conscious effort. That's how you figure out who you are and that's how you figure out where you want to be and that's how you don't waste your life or moment of it. Yeah. Honestly life is too short to be stressing out over trivial things that don't really matter. Why it's important to stay present and focused on the things that do matter the thing to think about when you're trying to find your why try and think about very significant times in your life something that made you feel really emotional because when things are very emotional your it's easier to remember Clarity. Yeah think of times. I'm got you emotionally charged what caused those motion what about that experience made you feel that way when you dive deeper into these questions you start to figure out Your beliefs deep down not societal beliefs and just to wrap it all together to the importance of figure out your why is that's an important step of finding out who you are something that blows my mind is like when you talk to a kid and ask them what they want to be when they grow up kids want to be doctors astronauts or superheroes. I change the world, but every year growing up their goals gets smaller and smaller to the point. We're at the point of graduation there. Just I'll take any job. So this brings me back to our previous. Point don't care about others opinions because at the end of the day, it's all about you. It's about what you think and what you feel now about what others think if you don't know what you want. You can't possibly know who you're meant to be. I think everyone wants to be great. Everyone wants to change the world and that's a good thing. What's not good as how our education system our society is shutting people down and saying that oh, no, you can't be you just got to work a safe 905 and it's the best thing you could do for your family. Yeah, I remember. Like I told my dad I wanted to be a professional gamer. I know that sounds impossible. I know that if I worked hard at it if I dedicated my life to that I definitely could have done it but it is because my dad told me what kind of a profession is that go to university get a real profession. That's what you're going to need in life not games we go back to this this reoccurring theme don't listen to your dad. I think the main takeaway is just to be critical you got to be critical of everything because yes us our parents have good intentions, but they grew up in a different world in a different time where the same rules may not apply. So yes everything to telling you is out of pure love but you got to be critical and think for yourself. That's the important thing right there is to be critical and always questioned. Why have faith to when your why is strong enough your how will reveal itself? It's only when you know, that's your why that's your goal and you keep working to it. That's how it's going to become a reality. But right then and there if you accept whatever you choose to believe your mind will make that a reality and that has power the thoughts have power and your mind is the center of our own Universe. Don't wait until something terrible happens to change your life. Take the time now to ask yourself. Who am I and remember nothing is going to change unless you do. I know I know so many people who are expecting their lives to change and do nothing about it. Like you want to win the lottery yet. You're too fucking lazy to even buy a fucking lottery ticket or people say, you know, I want to travel but I don't have the time. I don't have the money. I want to learn this. I want to learn that bro make money make the time you can do anything you want in this life. This is all up to you. Don't wish things were easier. Wish that you were better and stronger to take on the challenges life has to offer if you do what is easy, you will live a hard life. If you do what is hard you live an easy life. What kind of Life do you want to live? Do you want to do what is easy and just barely scrape by what you want to do the hard things develop your skills and the tenacity to take on any challenge life throws your way. Seems like a pretty obvious choice to me, but it's not up to me. It's up to you. So what are you guys going to choose? So if you guys are asking, how can I find my Y, how can I build positive thinking how can I build those habits? Well just start small. So my challenge for you guys is for the next week or until our next episode. I want you to be extremely mindful pay attention to what you think about and every time you have that negative thought come to your mind. People anything the moment you get that negative thought you have to text that to your accountability partner send it to them in a message what the negative thought is and just get their feedback. Most often like you're probably going to see that your accountability partner is going to see in a different light that you see and they're just going to tell you it's straight irrational. It's good to see things from a different perspective as well doing this. You're building the habit of being mindful of your thoughts being positive a positive habit and you're building your tribe tribe. I like that humans are social creatures. So it's only natural that we live in tribes people who try to do. Everything themselves. It's inefficient. We've been social creatures for thousands of years and it's not going to change now. Don't try and do things yourself. We're meant to work together. We are meant to unite we are all powerful Divine Spiritual Beings living a human existence that have the power to achieve anything and being in control for life means making very conscious and critical decisions. Who you spend your time with? Because I'm sure we all heard of the law of averages which is what the average of the 5 people we spend the most time. You're hanging out with a bunch of bums. Guess who the fifth bum is those you that's right asshole. So it's kind of just like a reality check take a look around you look at your environment. See what is useful take. What is useful absorb what you can reject what? Useless and add what is essentially your own exactly now, I just want to mention one more thing before we go here is listening to a self-development. Speech by Jim Rohn. He used the analogy that life is like changing season. You cannot change the season but you can change yourself and with every season there's a lesson to learn though Winters Winters always come after fall and Winters whether they're Financial Winters personal Winters motional Winters. So your hearts been broken into a thousand pieces. That's a Sir, but we have to learn how to handle the winters. They're always going to come to always be there but it's up to us to decide how we want to react to them. Can't remember. We can't change the seasons, but we can change ourselves and I just thought that was really cool. And I wanted to share that with you guys. That's beautiful beautiful analogy. I think that is all we have for you guys today Caleb. Is there anything you want to add before we go now, that's pretty much it just Remember your father important your thoughts are real protect your energy protect your thoughts choose who to surround yourself with choose how you respond to life. Just remember you're in control. So find your why one last thing guys, if you did enjoy this episode or the last please leave a review on whatever platform you're listening to Spotify Stitcher iTunes Apple podcast, whatever it is leave us there. You leave us some feedback. Let us know what you think. But we definitely felt a lot more comfortable recording episode 2. It's all a process. Remember guys. Yeah. So once again, thanks for listening guys much love much appreciated until next time peace and love peace the real you.