Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before. Earned it more in depth from Mary Morrissey, which is all of our mentors as in the three of us recording not saying you listening but before yeah, I learned it from Mary the topic of forgiveness to me always was thinking like well I needed to make it. Okay for something I did in the past or didn't do in the past or something that someone else did to me or didn't do in the past that hurt me. So any Trail Any resentment all of that had to be like made? Okay, like whatever happened would be make made okay by forgiveness, but that's ultimately not the truth because in some ways if you make what happened, okay, you're being a doormat and true forgiveness is not about being a doormat or letting any thing happen in your life. Again, that is hurtful. But it's a change of perception. It's a shift in energy. That's what it really is, which is Going to go deeper into but that's just my perspective on what it what I thought it was and what most people understand it as as forgiveness, but there anything y'all would add is like what most people understand it as well. I think it's interesting that you brought it up that way because like even even thinking back into my own life before I had this understanding that forgiveness is more of a personal thing because you probably have times in your life where someone has set like ask for your forgiveness or they like apologize to To you, but you didn't feel better because they apologize to you because nothing internally shifted for you. Yeah, that happens a lot. So it's like oh I'm like I'll be okay. Once that person like understands what they did wrong. Yeah. I apologize to me but that can hundred percent happened. But then if there's no shift within you you're not actually going to feel like that like forgiveness or that apology was was worth it. Right? Hmm, and then there's other times where like someone could not say anything, but then you could feel as if you you Gave them even though they didn't apologize because of this newfound perception that this idea of forgiveness actually occurs with the new like you said a shift of energy and how you feel towards that person and again not not being a doormat and letting it beat like letting what they did be okay, but then understanding that you playing that scenario over and over and over again in your head is really just hurting you at this point and that's what you're trying to fix with with this version of forgiveness. Yep. Yeah. There's there's a quote that I reminds me of that. It's a I believe it's from Buddha. You could be someone else but that resentment or grudges towards someone else is like holding a hot coal and intending for the other person to get hurt or I think it's also another quote it could be food as well. But another one is like it resentment is like drinking a little bit of poison intending for the other person to you to die. Yeah, you know, it's so it's it's all within its the energy within and I want to just highlight something you say Chris that I think is what most people think of his forgiveness. This is an outward expression as like an apology. Like you said it a hundred percent can happen in honestly. That's a great step in certain cases. And it doesn't it's not necessary in some cases. Like you may not be talking to a person you want to forgive or they may not be talking to you and literally is like your that relationship is done forgiveness can still happen. It doesn't have to be it doesn't require an apology. Although many times. It does include that but yeah, yeah, you said the shift has happened with him first. I think that like this version of forgiveness to is really important for people who might have had someone that passed away. Mmm. I feel that they didn't get a chance to make maybe make things right in the time that they were alive and I think that uh, like the time is lost now. Yeah, but you can always make things right with a person in your head like with your own relationship to how you felt towards that person exactly. That's like a big thing too. And it kind of goes along with you said about peeps of people not being your life anymore. Let's see go through a breakup or like you end a friendship. With someone and you know, you know you guys don't talk anymore and you feel like that chance to make things right is over, but it's really doing it's really just not right in your own head. Yeah, like the way that you're perceiving it is is making it feel not right. So if you can forgive them in your head and you can change the relationship between you and them in your head like you said it shifts the energy and that's actually where true forgiveness occurs. Yeah head and heart I think yeah. Oh in your head how you think about it? How you feel? Yeah. Yeah, but Julie, what's your perspective? On what most people understand is forgiveness? I definitely agree in regards to it being primarily relational in the sense that it comes up in conversation when someone seeking forgiveness and sometimes will say I forgive you not necessarily for our sake but for theirs and when we do, you know, I'm like thinking about all of these moments in my head right now. It's that idea of oh, I forgive you and our relationships going to continue or whatever form of relationship it is It's going to continue as is I'm allowing you back into my space to continue the same behavior. And a lot of forgiveness work also goes hands and like hand-in-hand with boundary work and being able to foundries and this is coming from like me personally experiencing a lot of Early Childhood trauma and then as a young adult abusive relationships, and that concept of forgiveness is not a one-and-done thing. yeah, and a lot of people want to cling to like kind of like those bumper sticker affirmations or just it's like a light switch and it's not it's a continual process and some days we can connect with that forgiveness and other days we can't and for me personally, it's been ballot balancing the ability to validate what we experience the pain that we've experienced and not get stuck there that importance of still validating that while not kind of being in that place of what was me this this and this Happened. I'm stuck in this pain and it's a very fine line to balance but all of its necessary and it's one thing that I just want to say to everybody is like if you're really wanting to forgive someone that's the first step and sometimes it's just saying I'm open to trying to forgive this situation or this person and like that's what start and just know that sometimes it can take a couple hours or for some it's a lifetime depending on what you've endured what you've experience and to have patience and not compare your process of healing and forgiveness to other peoples because every situation every single person it's going to look differently and feel differently for you. Yeah. I think you hit on a really really good point of like true authentic forgiveness is not something that's a light switch and on and off it's something that you have to work on in that it's a continual process that you have to do again. And again, especially for those deep hurts like my the deepest hurt that I've How do we said I had to forgive it took it was a experience five that happened five years ago and only recently when I went to Israel this February did I really feel like there was shifted fully and I'd been working on forgiving that for about a year and a half to two years when I really started to actually work on it because I thought in the past in this is I think there's another topic is that you know, there's there a resentments and grudges that we hold that sometimes are very subtle. And we don't even notice that it's like it's subconscious and it's just even a feeling sometimes not like a thought. It's like, oh I hate that person or that was shitty what they did. It's like just you see him or think of them and it's like a subtle like like like, you know thorn in your side and then you just brush it off. It's like, oh I don't need to forgive. I'm fine. Like I've let that go but it's not like it's something that you continue to work on. Hmm. I liked what you said about the thorn in your side because a lot of us and with every emotion we We have to heal the body as well. And especially when we've had deep pains that feeling might not necessarily be from our logical conscious mind. It can be in the subconscious. It can be connected to defense mechanisms. We've built up to make us feel safer. It could be connected to our nervous system. It can be connected to all kinds of things within our body because remembering that we're not just logical thinking we're feeling beings and our bodies experience. Everything we go through mentally and especially when it comes to forgiveness when it's been deep pain that feels in a sense. Like I've read and done a lot of research on this with rejection and pain and even like heartbreak. We feel it. Like we're physically like our heart feels like it's physically broken and that's where that term was coined. I don't know who coined it, but that's why we talked about his heartbreaking because we physiologically we feel that in our bodies and so the same thing with forgiveness when we've been deeply Pain by someone or an experience. We have to keep in mind that our bodies going to have that response to and forget also involves the body especially in cases where it could have been a repeat situation if it's from a childhood home environment that's been like one of my Life Journey's is really working through the environment that I experienced as a child and bringing forgiveness to all of the different parts in situations that we're going on simultaneously in a complex environment that I wasn't equipped to handle the child. Hmm. Even as adults to there's so many different things. So to really notice when we have that to have Grace with ourselves too because if we still feel something it's often even like stored in our bodies and it's our nervous system and it's our body trying to protect us from feeling hurt again. Yeah, but I also think too. It's like it's kind of like a reaction to want to maybe not want to forgive someone sometimes if they done something really bad to you because I think there's that feeling that if you forgive someone you're actually Allowing what they did to you to be. Okay, and you're like giving up your power to like like sometimes it feels nice to feel hurt because you're like no like I deserve to feel this way like this way. I want to feel because someone did this to me like that wasn't fair what they did. And I think that kind of goes back to the Buddha quote to about drinking the poison or holding the coal. It's like, yes that may be true. But at this point you you having that perspective is only harming you. Yeah, it's not harming the other person anymore. Like they're not like what they did to you they did to you and it's over. With and you know, you're never going to really know how they feel about it. But especially you don't talk to them anymore. They're like waiting on from your life from now, but like you've continuing to feel like you were it's kind of putting me in like a victim mindset almost which feels good. Honestly, sometimes if we're not ready to deal with it because it's like I want to feel this way like I have a right to feel this way. Yeah, and when that happens like you're really only hurting yourself at that point, so it takes that level of awareness to be like, okay like yes that did happen but instead of seeing that this is happening to me like how do I work through it so that it's Happening with me and through me which is one Mary teaches about a lot too. So I think that's like a big thing as well and finding that balance to because we need to validate our experiences on our emotions. Yeah, we have to feel the feelings. We have to let ourselves feel them and not just be like, this is something that happened to me. I am a powerful person. I am strong and whatever and like just jump into personal transformation and toxic positivity. We have to feel the stuff we have to allow ourselves to feel it hurt. But again, it's that line between pitching a tent there as Mary would say for years and years and years rehearsing the same pain stories or allowing us to feel and then know that that doesn't Define us and I also wanted to bring up to we're talking a lot about things that happen quote-unquote to us things that happened to but we also have been people that have messed up and when you're on the other side really longing for someone to forgive you for a mistake that you've made or every single one of us, we've all made mistakes. And to recognize that process of being on the other side too and knowing that save perhaps you made a mistake or at your current level of awareness during a situation. You did something and you're waiting for that apology to know that that person has their own they need their time and to respect that and to honor that and then also that interpersonal forgiveness that we have to do within ourselves because sometimes it's so much easier to forgive another person than it is to forgive ourselves for the mistakes that we've made and the failures or anything regarding anything that internal process can be so much more difficult because of the way that we talk to ourselves in the expectations we have for ourselves and our own mind exactly. That's what I when we began is one of the first things I said and I always share this with my clients is that there's there's and I don't actually break this down, but I'll break it down in this episode because it's just what you said is important to go look at the flip side too because a lot of what we've been talking about is what other people have done. These are the four things. you can see there's things to forgive other people what other people have done to you in your life that you've experienced what other people haven't done like your expectations you had that they didn't fulfill but then the other two are flipped around you is things that you did hmm people in that you regret and then also things that you haven't done that you either committed to and you didn't do or like other people had an expectation of you and you actually wanted to fulfill that and you didn't so it's those four and you I mean, honestly, there's so much that That in each of those that we can work on forgiving that's why I concur with what you said Julie that it's a never going process. Like there's always something to forgive and even even Jesus said that in one of his teachings that one of his disciples was asking, you know, how many times do I have to forgive and it's like do I have to forgive like seven times which back in those days which was a lot because the Mandate in like the wall was only to even to pray or repent three times a day. Five times. I forget the exact level so like this disciple was thinking like oh, this is really good for me to say. Yeah, like seventh like I have to forgive seven times. Like I'm doing a lot of work doing great work. Then Jesus was like, nope. He's like no bro that he says Seventy Times Seven, which is just another way of saying infinite like keep doing it until it's shifted and there's always more to forgive. Mmm, and I think it's interesting to not thinking about an hour from like a just some like a acupuncture perspective like a movement of energy perspective. Active like won't get caught up on it because like if you're in that constant motion of forgiveness and forgiveness and realizing that it's a constant. I want to see battle is the bad word, which is a constant process. Yeah, like you're always moving the energy you're never getting stuck. You're just kind of being good with life and understanding that people are going to do things to you. You're going to do things to people and just being in that constant state of forgiveness and understanding that. Yeah, but then we get caught up on something because of the really bad happens to us and like knocks us off that course because it's something that that rubbed Us in such a wrong way we get caught up in That like we lose that process of forgiveness and it could get us stuck for months. And when that happens the energy in our bodies get stuck and that stuck energy expresses has to express somewhere and a lot of times it expresses an anxiety or pain or just things and people are walking around wondering why their bodies hurt and they're like stress all the time and forgiveness is just one part of it like this constant moving needs to happen everywhere in life. But the more and more I learn about what can happen with our nervous systems and then with our bodies and how we think the more and more I see like the law. Lot of the issues in today's day and age is because like there's little things going wrong everywhere and they all add up because everything is connected. So like this resentment you hold toward someone in this lack of forgiveness could cause you to overeat or it could cause you not want to go to the gym or could cause you to be not the best version of yourself and other relationships and then that ripples out and you heard other people so it's like very like it's a very interesting process but and I think we've talked about this a lot on all of her episodes about the idea of awareness and just understanding that there's a lot of play Being Human and we're all not going to be perfect. But when you're at that seat of awareness and you're aware and realizing what's happening and what's going on inside your head underneath the underneath the hood, you can begin to start making little changes and those little changes can go a long way because of that same ripple effect, but the Ripple effects bad, but it's also good depending on what actions you take. Yeah. So let's get into it then of how because I'm sure someone listening after all the we presented. It's like okay forgiveness is good. I got to do it. Yeah in an authentic way that is really transformational not just you know being a doormat because it's not about making things. Okay. I said Julie is like said boundaries to alongside with it. So let's go with how I wonder. What are some ways you all forgive. Well, do you have like, do you have a way that you walk clients through this process of forgiveness like as a coach like both of you I have a see like I'm I don't have a process like okay for me. The one thing that I've been working on mostly is My own self forgiveness because like this things that I've been saying I want to do over the last like six or seven months and like whenever I don't do them, I feel that like hurt that I'm like despite betraying myself. Yeah. Oh, I've been doing a lot of that kind of work. Yeah. I just want to know if there's a process that you guys walk clients through when they come across this. Yeah. So I'll share to the one of the first one is like is very quick very easy brother. It's simple I'll go with second ones. It takes it's a bit more of a stepwise process, but the first one is about forgiving yourself. And I literally just use this this past Tuesday or Wednesday because I had scheduled to meet up with someone that I met in and out at a networking group and they were 30 minutes late and I was feeling hurt I was really expecting because I miss my time wasn't being respected as my my frustration was building. I immediately I already had my head is like, okay, like I know Ike this is something I'm going to have to forgive have to be like if I want to really live a life that I love and within Month and this is something I do want to forgive. And so the simple way to do it in that case is understanding and putting yourself in the other person's shoes. Like why what was actually happening and in that scenario this person was hurt. She she was in tons of traffic which she did text me about but then like which she said she was going to be 15 minutes late, but then when I was a half an hour later, she said that she needed to get gas. Mike was still like behind like with like a trap. Taking all that and a part of me was thinking like well like you could have left earlier baba ba like your mind will go to The Logical ideas. Like well like you're Justified and why you're feeling that way but that doesn't help it doesn't shift the energy and so I just worked on forgiveness thinking. Okay, like she's doing the best that she can and this happened. This would definitely works for a lot simpler again more simple and self forgiveness and forgiving others in the simple situations, but it's literally just a shift in perception that okay instead of me. He about me, what about this person like this person might be going through some shit that I have no idea about which is absolutely true for anyone like we never know what someone's actually going through. So the shift in perception for me was just okay this I may I don't understand it all but what I can do is just make it I could just forgive not make it okay because I did let her know like I was I I express my emotions which I think is, you know, it's needed healthy in a healthy way now blaming but Just saying hey, this is how I felt because we had an agreement and it wasn't met and yeah, that's how I feel. And so as even just letting her know and that's I think a part of forgiveness if you can is is expressed in those emotions whether that's to that person if you have the opportunity, but at least to yourself like Julie you were saying acknowledging the emotions and really feeling herself through it. So I guess the two two parts of that one practice of forgiveness is acknowledging your emotions feeling the emotions. And then shifting your perceptions, like what how could I see this from a different light? That's all you know forgiveness ever really is but there's other practices for sure that are more in depth and the second one. I want I want to share is is a visualization practice that has really helped me. Like I mentioned that that one hurt that was like five years ago that I was forgiving for about a year and a half to two years before it really fully shifted. I was doing this exercise. The exercise is to First visualize in this is for forgiving someone else that is heard. You were betrayed you. So the first thing use you visualize someone that you deeply love it could be a mother or father could be brother and sister could be a significant other could be a niece nephew someone or friend that you just deeply loves you. You bring their face to the image. I took their image to the screen of your mind allow it to be there for some time like 10 20 30 seconds. However, It will take for you to really generate a feeling of love that you're feeling that energy of love and expansiveness. And once you're feeling that then you bring in the picture of the person you want to forgive because and what will happen is immediately there will be a drop in energy of Love. It'll be like the resent will come up but as you do this process, it's something that's something you do once something you do again and again and as you continually do this where you have the love and then you bring in a picture of that person you want to forgive then eventually the energy of love will start to embed itself in the picture of the person you want to forgive so that you're not holding that energy that energy of resentment anymore to them and it's transforming its transmuting. So that's one of the practice that has worked really well for me and the final part about that is as you forgive assume the feeling of what it would feel like as if Already forgiven fully what would that feel like in your body and imagine that and work on generating that emotion when in regards to that person you want to forgive so those are my two practices. I'm writing stuff down on my notes app as you're talking so I don't forget what I want to share. There are a couple of things especially for those who are in tune with visualization as much and you need more of a concrete practice something that has really I helped me as a loving kindness meditation and it's may be truly happy. May I live in peace may live and love man? No the power of forgiveness. And may I live in recognition that my life has deep meaning and true purpose and what you do with that and you can find this online. I just like I don't know if I said it in order but I'm pretty sure I did start with kind of merge with what you were talking about thinking about people that you love and so it's sitting down and I literally will say this out loud and I start Hang those things for people that I love in my life. I say it for myself and then I bring in the people that I'm trying to work on forgiving and at first I was like this isn't going to work like what a repeating these words like nah and over time. I just committed to him like every day. I'm just going to do this and just see what happens and what started happening for me is at first. I was just saying words for the people that I wanted to forgive and then after time passed I started feeling more emotions about it and I was like, you know what I I do wish them happiness. I do wish them. Peace. I do wish them a life they love and I wish they knew the power forgiveness and I wish that they knew that their life had deep meaning good purpose. Like I genuinely do wish that for these people and what happened with that as it opened my heart and it allowed a lot of the pain to release and it allowed me to connect with the humanness that's present within all of us that we are all hot messes that we're all learning. We're all doing our best with our level of awareness and another thing to really focus on Those of you who are listening right now who? Experienced childhood trauma and situations that were beyond your control. This is something that I've really really struggled with because we can get stuck in the why question. Why was I born into this family? Why did this happen to me? You know why why why and forgiving is so hard because so many of us are still processing the pain and we're still you know, if you have instances like in my case like I have been working on. PTSD and a lot of different things in my life and it can be really hard to get into that mindset and feel safe to even begin that process of forgiveness. And so what has helped me is to really tune into the spirituality aspect of all of this and for me, I genuine I genuinely believe that everything that has happened to me is for my Evolution and Mary talks about this all the time. She has a quote that she says the content of Our Lives is the curriculum for our Evolution. I don't believe that that I would be the person that I am today. I wouldn't be doing the work that I'm doing today. If I hadn't experienced what I experienced. I wouldn't be as compassionate for other people and then recognizing on if we were thinking about souls and this is something that brings me peace on the spiritual plane on the soul level. Everything has already been forgiven our souls all understand each other perfectly while we all come from the same energy. We all returned to the same energy and we are pure love and how that's expressed. Often is not skillfully and recognizing that everybody's just functioning from what they know and some people Express and call for love and really really unskillful ways and they don't have that level of awareness and most of us don't have the level of awareness. It's when we get into that personal development world where we talked about having an Awakening and what that means to me is were awakened to all of our BS and all of our stuff that were carrying around and all of our patterns that are not just from our childhood and it can be easy to go in to blame for well. I have this and I have to work through these patterns and this personal development because I was hurt by my parents. I was hurt by the situation or this person and recognize that because of these things while a lot of it was not okay what happened to us or any regard, but it's allowed us to know ourselves and to evolve and it has allowed me to grow in ways that I had never. Anticipated is giving me the blessing of doing this personal development work. I wouldn't be in this I wouldn't have the relationship with myself. If I hadn't been through those things. I wouldn't have profound appreciation for instance my relationship with Chris if I hadn't been through some of the abusive relationships that I went through. I don't know if my gratitude and even like in manifesting him into my life. I knew exactly what I didn't want and how me a line with what kind of life I want to create and some of us have different things that happen to us and lead us to different parts of our life and some of us have some intense childhood stuff other people don't but just to recognize that that is part of our unique development as people and so for me stepping into that spiritual component of growth is how I can connect with the humanness and other people and recognizing that they're just doing the best they can with their level of awareness and start with I'm open. I am open to trying to forgive this person that Ground one that is that is the first step in deciding that and making that decision that will shift everything for you. Yo, yeah, it's pretty dope. Like I was thinking the like when I when you were talking about that to just a lot of the parallels to our last episode Kev about like the stories we tell ourselves. Hmm. I just kept thinking about how like as humans were the only species will as that we know of that Mike has the ability to replay something over and over and over in our heads again and make us feel like that thing is happening over and over because as we know like the the mind can't tell the difference between something that we vividly imagine. It's something that's actually happening. And so salt like we use our capacity for thought and memory to torture ourselves so much so many of the times because we keep replaying what happened to us over and over and over again, but we have the beauty as like these, you know, we have this prefrontal cortex and then all these Connections in our brain to actually go back to certain times and reframe what things mean for us. Exactly. But again, that's so hard for a lot of people to do because we're all so stuck in that victim mindset like we almost like being there because we want we want someone to say oh It's going to be okay like you deserve to feel this way. It's fine. Like you know what I mean? Because there's no like there's no hard work there. There's no like really hard work of going back and saying, you know what maybe I can change this like what the story means to myself and so like if anyone wants to get more information on that like our last episode and story was really powerful for that too because it's like ties in here, but I just was there too and it requires ownership. Yeah. And yeah and yeah like forth forgiveness it requires ownership to because even in the most painful situations, Did play a part in some regard because like you were there as we were there? Yeah and choices I'm and this is mostly focusing on you know, adult situations, but sometimes like for instance the things and situations like I made a choice to be there I made a choice to stay in a relationship for a particular amount of time and but it was necessary for my growing and so that's a difficult area to go into and it's a lot easier to to sit and say all this happen to me and another part is a lot of us connect with others by relaying stories of victimhood and we'll see it in like gossiping and just like our means of communication as human beings like will often like even you going to work. It's like oh this happened to me today. You wouldn't believe this happened to me and like my life sucks and like all of us because we're were used to seeing that as a way to connect with other human beings because we connect through emotion and that's one of the things that makes us unique part of our species that other animals don't do yeah. Then pretty lit episode. Yeah, I know. So let's wrap it up to really bring this in for a landing. I think what at least what I want to underscore for this entire thing and you said it best Julie is that to have compassion for yourself through the process because it's not easy hmm and others. Yes. Yeah. Sure. Yeah, I think I like that's another thing. I hope that people get from this episode 2 is like first of all, I thinking about the Forgiveness work that you have to do. But then also maybe thinking about the grudge's you're holding against other people who haven't maybe forgiving you yet for doing some things and realize that it's a two-way street and it's not as easy because we like we always tend to think that the world revolves around us and we're like the center of it, but everyone else is the center of their own world and you're just you're just you're playing a part in there's just have having compassion for like where people are in their stories and like what part in their store You're playing and just kind of just being aware of that interplay. Yeah, and another thing to tune into is that you don't have to do this process alone. And I'm not just saying like between like the three of us, but to really I invite you and I challenge you to look in the areas of your life where perhaps maybe you could use some additional support in this and recognize that we live in a very individualistic like Society where it's kind of like this Lone Ranger. I have to do everything on my own or at least like that was a huge part of my personality was like I was very independent. Pendant but it's okay to have support and especially with forgiveness and really difficult things that we've experienced to have the help of someone who's going to help hold the space for you and help you unwind the ball of thoughts and the ball of emotion. It's almost like a yarn ball that's present within your mind and your life and help you in that process and to know that that doesn't make you weak by any means it just means that you're human and as humans were biologically wired for connection and support Mmm Yeah. Awesome. That's great. Yeah, this is I mean the podcast is one way of having that support but I definitely would Echo what Julie says like you can listen to something but to help to unravel what's actually in your mind like you could do some of that work by yourself, but it's ultimately to do that work at an accelerated Pace that and honestly some of the work to actually actually have it done. It's actually required sometimes to of that support So seek help Beyond just podcast and listening to it actually have some interaction with a group or a particular person like a professional. So definitely that will drop a like Julie's Instagram and and website in the show notes. Yeah. Well Julia where can people find you where do you want people to go? So on Instagram? It's @ J ul and then householder, which is my last name, which is literally spelled exactly how it sounds like house and then holder like someone holding a house, so it's just UL H OU s eh o lder. That's my Instagram's of thank you guys so much for having me. Yeah. Thanks for being on the show. Cool, that's it for today. So thanks for tuning in and we really hope you enjoyed listening to this episode as much as we enjoyed recording it. So any questions any comments just connect with us on Instagram could always DM us at Kevin Francis Cardin and at Kris J card. And also if you feel guidance you the one thing we do ask is for you to please rate the podcast and leave us a review this way. We can reach more people and more lives because