This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original today. We're covering the arrest of Nick Leeson a Futures Trader at the Singapore office of bearings Bank from 1992 to 1995. He engaged in increasingly risky unauthorized speculative trading with the bank's money and hid millions of pounds of losses. His lies finally caught up to him in the early. hours of March second 1995 Nick Leeson sat hunched in the corner of the cramped airplane seat staring at the Tom Clancy novel. He'd picked up in Kota Kinabalu. He hadn't made much progress and kept catching himself reading the same passages over and over his back and arm were stiff, but he couldn't move without waking his wife Lisa who was curled against him out the window the Frankfurt Skyline loomed in the gray Dawn it. Looked Grim cold and uninviting. Nick pulled the thin blanket tighter around himself Germany in the winter. He probably shouldn't have worn Shorts part of him. He realized I hadn't expected to make it this far. For the past three years Nick Leeson had served as the general manager of bearings Bank Singapore office. He spent his days down in the pit buying and selling contracts on the Singapore monetary exchange. It was a timing game if the bank's clients could buy low and sell High both the client and the bank stood to make a lot of money. It was fast paced stressful work, but Nick had done very well his tiny. Office reported profits of millions of pounds a year earning him a reputation as a financial genius and the nickname King of the exchange the higher-ups at bearing struggled to wrap their minds around the strategies. He employed to become so successful all they knew was he was making money and they wanted the rest of their traders to follow suit, but Nick had a secret. He wasn't just buying and selling for bearings clients. He was gambling on the market with the bank's own money when he won he reported huge profits when he didn't he hid the losses in a secret account. Hoping that he'd be able to make it up in his next gamble, but Nick's losses had gotten worse and worse and worse to the tune of 10 then 20 then. The million pounds lost. He couldn't stop he doubled down requested more and more money from London Forge documents to back up his stories about imaginary clients made bigger and riskier trades. All he needed was one big win to turn it all around to turn his hidden losses into real profits. They'd all go home happy with fat and of year bonuses. He'd be the hero again. Lisa would never have to know how much he'd risked. Of course. It hadn't quite worked out like that. The airplane cabin lights flickered on followed by the loudspeaker the captain announced that they'd be landing shortly Lisa stirred. This was it they descended the ramp in the middle of a crush of passengers a police officer was waiting for them on the tarmac. He took Lisa's passport, then Nick's and then directed them to step aside from the group. Suddenly. They were in the midst of flashing. Lights reporters pressed in shouting rapid fire questions in German and English the dinge should have been maddening. But according to Nick Leeson for one brief moment. He was home on the trading floor tellers running to and fro waving their arms madly shouting barely intelligible numbers at the top of their lungs the world where he'd spent the last three years had been a whirlwind. End of noise and bright colors were everything could change in the blink of an eye, but the world where he was headed was quiet gray and lonely where he would have all the time in the world to do nothing and only his thoughts as company. Coming up. We'll discuss the mismanagement that made Nick Leeson's crimes possible and the consequences he faced. This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape not too long ago driving seemed a lot simpler streets were less congested and there were fewer distractions on the road nowadays a million different things are constantly fighting for our attention Ford believes. It's not enough to make a vehicle with technology drivers needed. SUV that's ready for the challenges of today and can help anticipate the challenges of Tomorrow an SUV. That's built street smart. That's why Ford has completely redesigned the 2024 to escape. There's Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard tactic designed to help you feel confident and in command on the road the completely reimagined 2024 to escape. It's not just smart. It's Street Smart now back to the story. On March 2nd 1995 Nick Leeson landed in Frankfurt Germany and was immediately arrested authorities in Singapore had been searching for him since February 23rd, when he abruptly disappeared from work leaving behind a note that said simply I'm sorry bearings Bank Executives spent the next few days coming to grips with what had happened there prize Trader had been sitting on a mountain. Of hidden losses to make matters worse. The bank had been so convinced that Leeson was their Golden Goose. They'd spent the last few months bending over backwards to get him the cash flow. He'd requested in the process. They taken out loans. Well beyond their Capital bearings was going bankrupt within the month. It would be sold off for the grand sum of 1 pound. The financial world was stunned Banks had collapsed due to poor risk management before the bearings was a British institution. It had financed the Louisiana Purchase of 1803 Her Majesty the queen held an account there. From the moment. He started in 1989. Nick Leeson didn't exactly fit in with the Posh aristocratic Executives who ran bearings. He was a 22-year old working-class kid, the son of a plasterer. He didn't have a college education or any real experience to speak of nevertheless Leeson was likeable and a hard worker. He quickly impressed his bosses in 1992. He was sent to the Far East to head up the company's Singapore trading office. It was a small operation with virtually no oversight Nick managed both the back office and the team of young inexperienced traders who work the floor. He would get calls from clients and let them know the prizes available in the Market at that moment if they wanted to buy or sell he relayed the decision to his team on the floor via a complicated system of hand gestures and and shouting at the top of his lungs. It was a system that invited human error mistakes were common Traders might sell the wrong number of contracts or by when they meant to sell according to Nick Leeson. That was how it all began one of his staff made a mistake. That should have gotten them fired. Nick declined to report the mistake to London and hid the loss in an error account until fluctuations in the market. Allowed him to make the money back in the coming months. Lisa would get in the habit of dumping mistakes and losses into this account account 8 8 8 8 8 named for the Chinese lucky number this allowed him to avoid accountability for mistakes and made it look like he was making more profits than he was at the end of 1992 Leeson's Branch reported a profit of 10 million. Which accounted for approximately 10 percent of the bank's Global business in reality? He had lost two million but no one knew that Nick Leeson became a star at the end of 1992 bearings rewarded him with a massive bonus, but the losses continued to grow and Lisa knew he would need some way to make up for them. He began making aggressive and risky bets on the future of the Nikkei. Okay, the Tokyo Stock Exchange when these bets didn't pay out he requested even more funds from London by the end of 1994. He had lost the company 208 million pounds. None of which had been reported today the idea that a Trader could conduct this level of fraudulent activity under his employers noses may seem baffling some bearings back. Executives would later Express their belief that Nick Leeson was a master deceiver a con man who pulled the wool over their eyes, but Leeson's version of events paints these same Executives in a far more damning light. He saw them as idiots who did not understand their own business and were incapable of enforcing even the barest level of oversight when they did eventually audit his department they failed. To complete the most basic checks to verify that the prophets he was reporting were legitimate any worries about how much money he was requesting were excused by the prophets he reported. It was almost like they didn't want to know the truth. In any case the situation was unsustainable. It was only a matter of time before something brought Nick Leeson's House of Cards Crashing Down. On January 17th, 1995 a massive earthquake struck the city of Kobe in southern Japan causing widespread damage and loss of life the event through the Japanese Stock Exchange into a tailspin overnight. It was the worst possible scenario for Leeson who was invested heavily in the Nikkei, but he was in too deep to come clean. He made Wilder bets than ever hoping that the market would suddenly rebound instead it fell right through the floor Nick knew he was finished on February 23rd. He left work picked up his wife Lisa and headed to a secluded Resort in Malaysia from newspapers. He gleaned that bearings was going under and Nick had been designated a rogue Trader Lisa. Knew that he would be found eventually after about a week. He and Lisa made a run for it. They have expected to be stopped at the Singapore airport, but made it through customs without hiccups. They even survived an 8 hour layover in Brunei with the television screens blaring Nick's name and face every few minutes. But by the time they arrived in Frankfort on the morning of March 2nd, Nick's luck had run dry. Leeson's lawyers fought for him to be prosecuted by London courts, but were unsuccessful. He was extradited back to Singapore and in December of 1995 plead guilty to deceiving bearings Auditors and cheating the Singapore exchange. He was sentenced to six and a half years to be served in the tan Ameri Maximum Security Prison while in prison, he wrote a book about his time working for bearings. Rogue Trader the film adaptation starring Ewan McGregor was released in the summer of 1999 mere days before Lisa and left prison by this point. His wife had divorced him today. Nick Leeson lives in Ireland with his second wife. He regularly appears as a keynote speaker and consults on risk management. Thanks for listening to today and True Crime. I'm Vanessa Richardson for more stories about the schemes of criminals. Like Lee sin check out the park has to Regional con artists today. And True Crime is a par cast original. You can find more episodes of today and True Crime and all other podcast Originals for free on Spotify. Not only to Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite podcast. Like today and True Crime for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream today and True Crime on Spotify just open the app and type today and true crime in the search bar at par cast were grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network will be back with a brand new episode tomorrow in True Crime. Today and True Crime was created by Max Cutler and is a park has Studios original. It is executive produced by Max color sound design by Andy weights with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Aaron Larson this episode of today in True Crime was written by Andrew Kelleher with writing assistance by Nora Battelle. I'm Vanessa Richardson.