Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure.Come and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really talking about one particular Irwin's passion for vintage Rolex, but also Porsche as well. So really looking forward to getting into this. But before we do better do a quick wrist check. So what have you got on today? Look, you know, I have my all humble 1967 55 13 it's a me this verse yeah. Wow. Very cool. How long have you had that one for look I have this probably going back to 2002. Wow, very long time. Okay, so well before the hype well before, you know things started changing in this world, so you've obviously had a passion for a really long time, which is cool. Yeah, it's you know, it's a passion that start off with you know my time. Hanging out at a lot of vintage Rolex for and back then that was way before the likes of social media or yeah those some Forum true and I've got my trusty hammering TZ 21 speaking of forums. This was what was for the 21st anniversary of time zone done in collaboration with William Asana and Miss Ellen Messina lab with the harboring so very cool deadbeat seconds mostly. Runners will know that I love this watch. So awesome. Let's let's let's get into it and we'll before we talk about sort of the Porsche side of things in the Rolex side of things. It's have a you know, a little bit about yourself. So obviously you've been into this Hobby and as an Enthusiast for a long time, so where did it all start for you the watch collecting actually kind of goes back to my dad in the you know early to Saying he was into watches. So I kind of grew up with that in the family and you know, he's had numerous rowlocks in his collection and but predominately like growing up in Singapore Malaysia in oh, everything was all about the day they tore the day just but it wasn't a lot about the sports Rolex if if I was to go back back in the 80s or late seventies I will would have at that time I would Advise him to pick up Daytona pick up and go for the gmts. Yeah. Yeah, very cool. So comes from your father, which I think a lot of people that are enthusiasts in the watch world and especially ones that have been Enthusiast for a long time sort of starts for a lot of people at that point in time, which is really cool as well. And what is it about the vintage Rolex that that speaks to you so much. I think I think the key thing for me would definitely be the history and and obviously the dial the the movement the case and everything. It's a slightly big different to the current modern pieces. Yeah, I'm really more interested in the history and and it's being at all watch and wear the watch has been and obviously the dial the variation the patina. Just a lot of different variations to an end and just really get a loop and have look under the loop under the UV and look at the Aging would end of time off, you know, if it's a 1958 piece to a 1975 for 1980. You can see what the watch has been through the casing, you know at the beaten up of the Deans and bangs and just on the case yet. Yeah, they definitely do tell a story and it's really interesting. I think for a lot of people there's so many different types of collectors and collectors that have themes or collectors that have one of every of those iterations that go through the decades and and getting into the nitpicking of you know, the meters first as you've just said with your your sub that you've got today and it's just I think I always think of the David off Brothers in Geneva who have just got this humongous. Speed Masters and every single little type of difference. Although they're the same watch. You know, they're so passionate about the little tiny details, which is awesome. It's really cool to see so let's talk a little bit about the evolution and the design of both the Submariner but also Porsche so you've mentioned. Well, I know that you're a Porsche enthusiasts and so let's have a little bit of a chat around how the The designer what is it about them that you love and the designs over the last sort of 60 nearly seven or 70 years, I think for both, you know, if I look at the Porsche 911 before the tight 901 you've got two three five six and that design Evolution comes all the way back from the 1950s from the Volkswagen Beetle. We're further. And Porsche Design that car, you know, so if you look at the roof line from the A B and C pillar that has not changed until the current 2029 9/2 and if you look at the Rolex Submariner where it started rampant in the 1950s, and if you look at the design of the case until today's 20 20 year old like sub it's that Evolution the design that status aim, but it's just gone bigger. That's that that's that to me is on the outside Aesthetics. But but then if you look at the movement on the mechanical side of it as in the engine to a Porsche is very different again to the movement of the watch, but then it's the evolution of the actual design that's taste very simple and to reach true history, but the engine is where that the Revolution and and The Innovation starts because it's just get Better as per one iteration as to another iteration. Yeah. Yeah, and I think you know when we're talking about this there's really some serious similarities here from a aesthetic design perspective where they've had subtle changes over the years both have got bigger over time. Both have got technically more advanced with more advanced materials. And then you look inside them. They've had the same similar engine. That's just got bigger. Just got more technical technological. We Advanced and I think when we're talking about true icons of design and function as well these to the 911 specifically and the Rolex Submariner just you know, they sort of run side by side through the decades, which is I think it's very unique. Yeah. Yeah, it's very unique and because I just like that design of it. It's just like it stays. It's amazing. Like, you know, I remember having a chat with one of the Porsche Enthusiast. He said look the Porsche Engineers is going to be all the designers could be the most laziest people in the world. It's all they do is it's like they're just keep changing tweak a b and c but they don't go beyond the D in the nephew. No, I mean, yeah, so so everything and if you look at the Rolex Submariner and design like really what has really changed, Except for the size being a lot bigger in the design side of it. But by the movement with different type of you know, caliber movement all that the 31.0 or whatever, but it's just it's getting a lot better with power Reserve. Yeah, as for to you know, my all 55-13 the power reserve on this is probably not going to give you that 90. You can't if you only maybe maybe 60 or you know, or less. Yeah, absolutely. I think you know when when We consider you know design and iconic design, you know, you can think back to the Cartier tongues and pray where it goes back to you know, I still watch that clip that way code when he talks to John goldberger about his sink recollection. And again, it's the same similar thing that you know the old saying if it ain't broke don't fix it and it's exactly because that's exactly What this is that they've got it. So right and yes to some people that are not enthusiasts they look at the 9/11 and go, you know, it's you know, it hasn't changed much, you know, don't see the big deal and same with the sub the whole way through hasn't changed much but when you're deep into the hobbies and as an Enthusiast the subtle changes can be so big as well. Yeah exactly exactly. So let's go back so you go. Yeah, yeah, so it's it's you know, it's so true about the cashier tank. And if you look at the Chelsea reverso, you know, like I'm going back to the polar beso 1920s and 1930s, you know and until today it's very cool, you know in the 20 and 30s and if you look at the will appear and obviously the Louis Vuitton trunk and things like that. The design has not changed all the way back to the nineteen hundreds. Yeah. It's that that to me get. really excited because that history yeah hundred percent and I think I think I've said this before in the podcast in a world that we live in its ever-changing and ever transforming and things are dying off and disappearing and new stuffs coming out and it's sort of you know to be able to have these not few because there's quite a lot, you know, we've talked about three different types of watches and there's probably plenty more that we can talk about but this things are changing so quickly and our world and its really nice to be able to focus and being passionate about something that really is just so true to its originality that it doesn't need to change and it's still successful seventy eighty. Ninety a hundred years later. It's very interesting. It's a good business model. Imagine exactly. It meant that is such a great point. So let's let's maybe sort of cast our minds back to the mid 50's and have a At what was happening in Rolex at that time? And what were they doing? And then let's talk a little bit about what was Porsche doing and will sort of take this through the decades as we continue the conversation but 1955 for Rolex, you know, the reference 6 5 3 8 came out with the caliber 10:30. Yes, right. What was Porsche doing back? Then looking around about the 90 50 foot in the Porsche was sexually probably plotting couple of amazing stuff on the box wagon. Beetle. Yeah and my name how that's changed. Yeah. Yeah. So he was he was actually putting together the blueprint. I think this is the Porsche Type 60 and that was the Volkswagen Beetle. So that was the people's car. This is actually no this is going back further to 1934. Yeah. Yeah. So the expose the production The Germans people's car so that history goes back quite a long way back in obviously, that's that's where he decided to take it to the market to you know, obviously back then was Nazi Germany's. Yeah, and I'm sure I'm sure at that time glass shoot a was around to right so with the Geo and all those gu be awesome, you know East or West Germany watches. At that time was probably around to yeah, absolutely and I think you know the the sub through those years did have quite a bit of development at this one of those things that I think Rolex sort of picked up pretty quickly the like, okay, we're on to something here, you know other brands started coming out with similar things when you got you know, the block pain doing their thing and Omega then started making some waterproof watches that you know, there were considered sports watches. Back then but we wouldn't consider them now. So we had a few different iterations of the the sub but the movement stayed pretty similar also in 55 of the British royal Navy chose the Submariner as their watches. Well, yeah, which is you know, it's probably a big deal back then. Yeah a little you know, it is a big deal because that was you know, that was the best that all of the Rocks that matter of being at all watch and you know, it's basically you can just keep moving on on you can use it as a tool watch you can use it for you know, obviously whatever you're doing in the office or whatever back then. Yeah. So it's it's a very versatile watch and again with Three five six Porsche you can use it as a daily or you choose to take it to a track, but you don't want to be taking that car to attract without the modern ABS afraid so but it's that it's got its a fit for purpose. Absolutely. And I think that that's that's probably one of the things that has not helped it survive because there were times where both the car industry in the watch industry which challenged which will To in a little bit, but the fact that you could use them for all-purpose almost besides maybe off-roading but daily versus your weekend and you're you know, robust sports watch yet. You can still wear a beautiful Submariner with a suit and and no problem. So it has that versatility that some design and some manufacturing didn't have especially through those areas. So let's go a bit more further so When was the 911? Past when did it start about 63, but it had a different number. Yes. It was a the 911 at a time the second iteration after the 356 was around about from 1950 up to 55 and Even further I think to about maybe 63. Yeah, that's a 3 5 6 now the 911 code name from 63 64 was run about always type 901 and and and obviously that came out of because everyone thought the three five six was too small and when they changed the design to the first type 911 it wasn't call 911 back then they had a force on the which is called a 912. Yep, and the 912 was basically pretty much a Volkswagen but we've a lot of the Porsche components or the engine and then they moved out onto the first 911 which is the type 9:01 and and that was run about 63 on the words. And that was you know, like a hundred twenty eight horsepower to letter flat-six. That was the first Flat 6 and they had flat for which is the 912 here. Yeah, cool. And I think you know when I when you look at a picture of the 63 the original sort of 901 911 the similarities to the be to a certainly there but they've just had this beautiful streamline sculpture or they've transformed it into this different looking machine that pulls from the design of the beetle, but then starts to take on some of its own characteristics as well. So Let's flip to the other side other side of the fence now and go back to what was Rolex doing in 1963. What what's happened? Then? I think maybe a very special watch to you came out then the 55-13. Yes, a 1963 was what's the guilt dial 55:13, you know I seem like the mint dial so, you know, I could never afford to give so mine was landed on the 66 67 and and the first iteration of the media's first. I think they're only random meters first for about a year and a bit Yeah, and and the production number of my watch is about 1.6 million, so Wow in line for for for for for that year. Yeah and look, you know, I I look pretty hard for my watch How I came across why I really love the 55-13. It's I just liked the Simplicity going back to the Rolex when you know 1955 the 6538 is snow date and that to me is like the clean design. I'm Jen that it's got no Cyclops and it's got a Tropic T28. Not the cyclop, you know the the actual. The watch face. Oh, yeah. That's what yeah, that's the one. Yeah, that's the one so, yeah, so that's that to me is yeah the Plexi Crystal. Yeah, it's pretty cool. It's Cyclops. That's right. It's come back to me now. Yeah. Yeah. So I think the then pretty pretty much stayed reasonably similar until you get down into you know Gil diverse as Matt dial cyclops. The red triangle had gone by then. I think yes, we've gone to the sort of the bigger case Style with the crown guards, then that sort of changed a little bit but I think realistically though there was some upgrades to the movement but this model the sort of ran reasonably similar into the 1680 and then the 5 digit in 1969. So if we go back to Porsche and have a look at so we've had 1963 with the 901 and then in 69 we get the C Series which is just stunning. I've always said and you touched you sort of touched on it before if there was ever an era that I could go back to it would be somewhere in LA in 68 69 where the that music scene of the doors was just in full swing in Morrison. You know the surfboard on top of the Porsche sitting at the beach with your Submariner on I think you know that that would have just been such a revolutionary time to be alive and watching things develop and change was would have been pretty cool. So I've always wanted to go back to that era so we get a bit more power we get up 280 horsepower. That's pretty cool exactly. I mean Going back to the era was you know, like Steve McQueen was mystical, right? Mmm-hmm. He had a Submariner on his wrist and and I'm pretty sure that he has a 911 to back then. Yeah wouldn't surprise me. It wouldn't surprise and and this is to me again is like two iconic brands that come together when the passion is kind of like beyond that passion pcome. Yeah, absolutely and it's and I guess that's kind of what we're talking about. Is this this evolution of Brains and in specifically to models that have sort of run parallel side by side for a number of decades, but we get we get a little bit more power. We're still in the 2.2 liter Flat 6. Yep, but, you know hundred 80 horsepower mean those things didn't weigh a hell of a lot and back in the late 60s. Like that would have been a serious car on the road. It was very serious calendar ride because you know the actual power With weight ratio was everything on their rear engine and and and with nothing at the front except for the petrol tank the lightness of the car when you can actually point to the Apex it actually go exactly where you point onto the epics. If you do like Alpine runs or up to, you know to the up to the hills and it's fantastic. And can you imagine these cast back in the 60s or early 70s would in you know the famous? Californian roads over in the west coast would be pretty amazing and and Magnus Walker is obviously, you know a Porsche almost like a Porsche Ambassador is his collection is amazing and he goes up and down that Alpine Drive towards that on the west coast is yeah. It's it's yeah, it's the speed that you can do on these cars. Yeah, and especially with the 70s or the 60s one. We needn't have all the modern. Adkins it can be quite quite scary because you know, it's very tail happy. Yeah, absolutely and the brakes, you know, they weren't that developed especially for going fast and even the Bodywork of you know, just the design if you if you push it a little bit too hard and you know you it's not going to be a happy ending for you. That's for sure. No, I know that that's going back with probably not even disc brakes going back to drum brakes. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I had some drum brakes on drum brakes and leaf suspension on a 66 Mustang. I used to own years ago and you know, you hit them tap them a little bit too hard at 60 case an hour and they just lock up and you'd lose all control scary scary stuff what I wanted to sort of briefly touch on because there's been some really big significant models. As we get into the next chapter and when we think about Porsche, you know, we get the iconic career that RS 2.7. You know, like it's the ducktail the orange decals all over it stripped out get a bit more horsepower now, but we've got less weight more horsepower. It just sort of becomes this dream of a car that that we think of but and so that was The mid-70s sort of 73 if we think back to Rolex. Then the late 70s were probably a really significant time because we're now into the dive 300-meter sort of certification of the Submariner. Yeah into five digits. Yeah five digits and you know about the 79 I think at that time to certify Crystal was yes. Obviously I look at the digit numbers, you know, once you get to five then the production numbers on the 79 would be probably around about the two million into who you know something. I mean, there is a reference a that you can get, you know, the production line on those have been pretty big then use move to you know, like the 81. It's the first you need directional bezel, you know, you can see that's that time and and the 66 and anything before that. Is you can go both ways around the bezel? Yeah, and there were no clicks where they it was just sort of a smooth smooth same as the gmts. Yep. Yeah, very cool. And I think this is where this is the point in time where development really sort of kicked into gear through those 80s is where you know, obviously you've just mentioned there unidirectional bezel the sapphire crystal comes in. the three hundred meters water resistant the upgraded movements are starting to really get you know, really technologically advanced and I think it's important to note as well that we're starting to push through the courts crisis and and pop out the other end where the the watch world starts recovering from that and you know, you look at this and you think to yourself How you know did these things weren't impacted they still just sort of kept going doing what they needed to do. Everyone else around them falling like crazy and yet this sort of stayed true and just kept going kept pushing through kept developing which is awesome. So exactly I mean, I mean, I mean about the 80s, you know, like I mean, that's when that's when the massive stock market. Anyways, you know money to do dwell in the stock market and Wall Street and all that in the you know, everyone had the money to go in and say yeah, I'm going to get myself a pretty cool roll eggs, and that's when the the 80s was the white Porsche come in the turbos and all that, you know. Yeah. Absolutely. You got a mess of well tell then then, you know the 83 to 89. It's got there the Carrera CS that came in and it just basically everything that The turbo white body look came around about you know from the 80s app and you know, they have this gearbox called the G 50 and that key 50 gearbox is really sought after by the classic Porsche enthusiasts because it's probably the best gear box. There are five ever built from 84 up to 89. Yeah. Absolutely. And you were talking about tail tail. Happy Porsches before none more so than the the 930 Turbo like yeah. You watch people on YouTube drama of those things and you think to yourself, you know, it was the original Widowmaker you'd have to be nuts to really start pushing those things around tight bends. But yeah, really really cool stuff happening there for Porsche and I think you know, then we move into the late 80s which we sort of touched on already but Rolex the sub gets the 3135. Yes big development there. Which is awesome and then on the Poor Side we have probably one of the most famous test best and I think most modern day super cars. Oh the the nine five nine, which was so far Advanced for its day that you know people they cost more I think to build them what they sold them for. Which is just nuts. Yeah. Yeah. It's about 444 horsepower, you know and its twin turbo flight 6. Yeah, but that obviously came from the Porsche Le Monde. I'm five six racer. Yeah, but yeah, there's there's a lot of really cool clips on YouTube that I watch on the nine five nine and when I went to lucky enough to get to the Porsche Factory and did a Tour of the museum and you know, it's not often you get to see them up close and they are just I put one up on my Instagram not too long ago. Actually. They're just one of the best looking cars of all time. And that is so true and I'm yet to I'm kind of jealous that you've been before me. So you'll get there and I think so that car as well had some of the first technology Oh geez that we would that we not take for granted today. But I think it was the first car with ABS brakes. It also had the stability control dampers which helped your roll through the corners, but it's still interesting when you watch from the outside someone put their foot down with that. They're you know, the bomb drops that the hood goes up and they're sort of quite quite floaties on the road, but it would just be amazing to drive and I suppose that technology. He came from when they were doing the rallies in them as well, which is you think back now, imagine having one of those original rally and I'm five nines. Yeah, and they do is a lot of the darker. Yeah, absolutely and that they do have them at the the Porsche Museum as well. So you better you better get there. Yeah. So through the 90s we saw I think the 90s for Porsche, you know, the late 80s we have the 964 then we move into the 9 3 and I think the 9 9 3 and in particularly the turbo was just that thing did not to a hundred and then hit the brakes at a hundred KS an hour back to zero and stop in seven seconds like unbelievable power for that time. But so cool. It's the No 9 3 is a very pretty car. And I still think the nice X4 if I had the money I would put my bets on the nine six four because I think the nine six four for me is the shape is still very iconic and not saying you're not nine threes not because you feel it's a bit more aerodynamic but the nine six four is especially a see to manual. It's an amazing car. Because it's it's you can it you're connecting with the car. So your partner car as a driver and because it's got less obviously the technology behind it, but it's still got the ABS in the past during yeah, but-but-but purist like this because of the shape has not been kind of been stretched a little bit to the aerodynamics, but obviously, you know time needs to move with the emission in the US and all that. So Yeah, look for me. I think the 964 is beautiful card that can kind of go back to like, you know, what you're saying before the 1970s. Yeah. Yeah, and I think as well with the 9:6 for the interior was it was probably the last model of pure Porsche interior before it started to go a bit more luxury and a bit more like it's still had the beautiful seats and the dash and the Speedometer 5/5 register dials but it hadn't taken that Leap Forward in Creature Comforts of inside a car. It was still just built to drive. It's a driver's car. Yeah, they don't get exactly right and then and and and it's it's you know, you can get close to the car and it's I'm not going to say this is like this is like your Rolex Submariner is a tall white, right? So using it for diving and Scott all the Right the bezel there to know when you go underwater unit time yourself. But yeah, it's everything is very well placed and design it speaking toward about. Yeah, absolutely. So let's have a look at this sub through the 90s to the early 2000s. Yeah, the three one three five sort of stuck around for a very long time. But then we get to the 50th Anniversary, which was a pretty special watch. Yeah, so you got the LV, right? So yeah the old Kermit they're cold. That that that first iteration of that one with a flat for is. Yeah, if you can find one of the full set I would be chasing that in a heartbeat. Yeah, and that's another one of those little intricacies that you know, some people know about some don't and you see those two for side-by-side and they're similar, but they've just, you know, the early one has got that Flattered longer close to the top of the four and it's crazy how it makes such a difference to the value or to the hunt as well. Which if we talk a little bit about what are some of the things about the hunt that you've enjoyed over the years. For me, the Hunt is really chasing down that you can buy the watch but a lot of them don't have papers, but for me when I purchase my 6655 13 was it took me a year and the bed 204 the actual coffin box? Yeah, the swing paths and the original 200-meter anchor and that took me all the way to South America. Argentina because a lot of a lot of the accessory or sitting somewhere in Buenos Aires somewhere. So and at that for me is that's the hand and and only recently about three years ago. I managed to get the seven 206 derivative bracelet for my you know, 55:13 and and that that has taken I reckon. Obvious to trying to find a perfect one for it and obviously I bought it through someone would in our community. And yeah, so it's got riveted bracelet. It's the right year. I verified it a check that check the serial number and everything and it's yeah, so the for me the Hunt is nearly there now to to almost the get it to not a full set, but I've got box pay and have papers but I have at least that 1966. That was what came from the actual roll X Factor. Yeah. Yeah awesome now late 90s for Porsche. What happened here? Wow. What can I reckoned? I can you talk about late 90s. Look, you know that that's awesome. Yeah, so that's that's answered and I-96. So yeah, it's a big leap, you know, because they moved from you know, they've been building. 40 30 years of air cool cars and all of a sudden, you know what the whole world change and the regulation everything you got to go water cool water cool. So and people thought what is happening here. So the 906 design has moved directly different to you know, all the past previous Porsche. Yeah, and then porsche was about to go to bankruptcy. Because of the 1 selling a lot of cars and the production on nine three were quite low in numbers, you know, there were about I think you know about 150 250 thousand only because on the 993s, all the other portion is going back were actually hand-built and only in a 1996 onwards are all through the machines and robots and things like that so called shh engage. The Toyota Engineers to help them to obviously look at the nine nine six to look at how do we save costs money into building a car that can share the same components as the Boxster. So that's why you've got the A and B pillar of the nine nine six is very similar to the boxer. But if you look at the interior its similarities actually there, but yeah that to a purpose is to Toyota coming in say your profit margin is dropping unique to increase Production and cut costs in manufacturing different type of components so it to do that is you can bind it and you push it out to the boxer and then I 11 and to purest doesn't like it because it is the soul of handle Porsche because at the end of the day a company needs to make profit to keep the business going for the next, you know, 20 30 years. So yeah, and then we had the iconic teardrop. Front lights which you know really stirred up the pot but it was just a money-saving opportunity that Porsche took I was as you said with Toyota but and what are people what a lot of people don't quite realize is that the Boxster in particular and the nine nine six, then that sort of shared those parts were really the cars that saved Porsche from from going out. - exactly exactly. It's interesting. Isn't it? Like I mean looking back the boxer and and their sole mourner 9:6 than any other Porsche iteration before that and yet it's still to a not till today. I think today starting to change but like yeah guy five eight years ago a purist would not touch one of these you don't fight the case it just to them. It was like no it's not really What we want because it hasn't got the Frog Light headlights, you know. Yeah, it's got a call but now it's starting to shift because it's a fantastic car. It's do it's still a flat 6 right and it still gives that pure Porsche experience driving. Yeah. So let's get a bit nerdy now which Set of Lights do you prefer? So first before we do that? I am a fan of the nine nine six in particular the C4s is one of my Reporters I think they just nailed what they needed to do, but I'm still a fan of the normal body 9 9 6 as well, so I'm not picky. But do you prefer the rounder lights at the front where they were sort of integrated to the hood or the straight line thousands? You know what? I I'm starting to appreciate the nine nine six, they call them the Fright are Peg lights Yeah, the more I look in to it and read about the design by pinky lie. So pink Eli was the designer. Yeah. Design This headline is because he wants to integrate the whole engineering into one component. So that would say white because if you look at all the other iteration, the indicator lights are all on the bumper bar. So this is put everything into one end. But this headlights are coming from the GT3 Porsche lemond race car. Yeah, so that's where it came from. I'm going to say the nine nine six two Friday. I hate lights to justice for me, and I'm starting to like it a lot now. Yeah, and so you get the the difference between the two lights was an engine upgrade as well from the 3.4 to the 3.6. But from a power thing and a driving, you know those 3.4 still scream. They still quick cars there. You do the job of being a 911 and give you that feel and through or that we love which is cool. But you know real pivotal point in Portia's history there that could have gone either way very quickly if they had continued producing the handmade and the cost was going up. We might not have Porsche today and that would be really sad. Yeah, exactly and without without those two Cars in the late 90s though, you know they car that's safe porch, but not only that they gave him that R&D. So I'd into building the Cayenne the makan and all that, you know, so that basically gave them that Revenue line to increase the other SUV sort of thing, which never was you know on the Porsche when you going back to the 50s or even to the 30s for further name at that time, you know, like They're all just basically sports cars. Yeah, absolutely and then we get into the the naughties and obviously in 2009. We get the first six digit the lb but then which you know now we're now we're talking ceramic bezel super case and then but in 2010 the Smurf comes and wow, wasn't that a watch? Yeah amazing watch. This this is all heading towards that that really modern piece for me. Now. That's that's where you kind of got oil in one day with your collection. I said, well, I'm a bit behind. Yeah, but that's all right, and I think you know, we keep going with portion you get the nine nine seven and and obviously we start to eat still it's a bigger car now we're using you know 3.6, but then the the GT3 is have got the four leaders. We're starting to get into some real sort of not Supercar but high-end sports car that's got performance that it's it's never had before starts to come into play and in much like the Submariner as well. You know, we get up we get a white gold Blue Bezel blue dial which you know, and it is still have the same movement. Is it the three one three five still in the subs in the serps? Yeah, and and and then that the key thing is the lugs became fatter. Yeah, when they added a new bracelet on you know, it's just like it's just grown. Yeah, and it's interesting like both Porsche and Rolex did very similar things from their design points and You know, you move forward to 2012 because not a lots changed with the Submariner from 2010 2012 to today. Do you think we're we're going to get a new one sometime this year? Well, what's interesting time in puzzle? All right. So look, I haven't been looking or reading about stuff here are oh, I would love if there were to roll out a new Coke. Yeah, yeah, that would be pretty cool. And I think every pretty cool. I think they will at some stage because you know, they have done it with the Pepsi they'll do it with you know, the Batman's now originally the original ones discontinued we've now got a Jubilee bracelet, but I think the last thing to sort of say and then I'll let you have a final word on the history. I think we're Porsches now. And potentially Rolex. I'm not saying they've fallen behind here. But we've just to the Submariner. We've not had much change over this last sort of ten years whether it's in Porsche you look at them and okay to the normal person. That's not an Enthusiast. They they see portion just go idea. They all look the same but you start looking at the design elements of the nine nine one and then the nine nine two, and they are massive cars like this. So much bigger than they ever were and you see those side by side comparisons and you know, they are rid the 60s and 70s Porsches look like these little toy cars compared to where they are now and in some ways you put a sub next, you know a six digit next to a here a four or five digit and it's the same thing they dwarf them so much. But yeah, is there anything else you wanted to add there? About the sort of Journey that boasts both Porsche the 911 in the sub have been on for the last sort of 60 70 years. Yeah. Look, I think I think you're right and look. I mean Porsche Journey Now is really on Electrify right that I can't yeah, so so and to me, you know, we touched base on late 90s when they went from air to water call, but now from what are they going to Electric, right? Yeah, so so it's a my my my conversation with the other entities as he's what happens if the nonliving go electric, but once they going to do to the market, what's that going to do to? Yes, you got the new market opportunities, but and how about the or purists your your your your enthusiasts? Right? What what is that going to mean because performance-wise on electric is going to be phenomenal escalating GT s 83 or Turbo because it's amazing right because it's got got no weight or yeah, and so I think I think that's going to be a really interesting and I think there is already R&D in the hybrid 911. Yeah. And with the new nine nine two is I was at the launch in Melbourne last year is and they've moved the engine by another 5 to 10 millimeters or even bigger to make it the center to the center is more meat engine, right? So if you think about it, they're doing that on a purpose is maybe they're going to stick it electric anything in there. So that's that's an interesting one. And then to your point about the rowlocks you thing rowlocks will go digital. I don't know. Well, I'm not sure about that, but we they have done it before. With the oyster courts back in the day, but it's a good point. And if you look at you know, you look at the Porsche when they're talking denying that nimonic spider and that sort of hybrid era if they put that performance, but the thing is now performance is at a point where especially in the modern cars where you know, what else can they do like some of the new 911s are doing, you know naught 298 In less than three seconds like you know, and we know that the tire can I think don't quote me, but I think it's about 2.6 or 2.5 or something. Like what's going to happen to our internal bodies if they start getting under two seconds, you know, you're talking rocket ship G-Force that yeah use on the road. So I think that's what's going to stay true over time is the fact that you can get into those old 911s and you know there. The Nostalgia is more important sometimes than the naught to 60 time the ability to downshift in one of those beautiful mid-70s Porsches going through a wind erode. You don't have to be going fast. It's just the enjoyment that really is cool. So let's get onto will start to wrap up now set the challenge for Irwin to think of a Grail watch matched with a Grail Porsche. So I am fearful that we do have the same Porsche but I'm confident that we won't have the same watch. So what what start wherever you like, but what what would be your growl watch growl Porsche. So hang on a sec, hang on picture yourself driving the you know, some of those desert winding mountain roads in California Suns going down. It's a beautiful beautiful beautiful day and your driving in a I'm driving in a probably a 1967 911s. So it's got to be an S. It can be a year or t because the S is the one I really want and the reason why an S is because your power band is very different to the ENT. So that's really going nerdy out now. Yep. And what would you be wearing on your wrist? Well, I will probably be probably a rocking in the 1959 5512 it's have a crown guard. Obviously, you've got a superlative chronometer officially certified waiting on the doll because that is it was that time of that production. That is what I'll be rocking the 1959 5512 beautiful very very good selections there and this is going to be interesting because we don't have the same portion. I'm really glad I would be driving. In a nine five nine just because to me it's the absolute ultimate and it was ahead of its time. And you know, when I was a kid, you know, I was born in 86 they came out I think 88. Yeah as a real small kid. I'm looking at these Porsches and they you know had a the poster on my wall next to the Countach that I had as well. But but yeah the portion on fire. On and and I'm not a vintage watch guy, but I do appreciate vintage aesthetic and design so I'm going with a brand-new watch but I'd be driving my nine five nine with the new modes of Streamliner chronograph. I think would be a perfect suit for that couple very cool. Yep. Very cool. I I can see the similarities there. Yeah. Absolutely. All right, let's let's wrap this up. Up with want my favorite review from this week on the fifth wrist website is going to be the it's called the Rolex. Oyster quartz is an electrifying Oddball and it's written by Johnny W. Underscore be so joh! Double NY W underscore be it only came out. I think it was yesterday. So oyster quartz 1701 for and I think this is the sort of chapter in rolex's life where they built an amazing quartz watch with an integrated bracelet and I do wish that they had taken this design and put it put some mechanical movements in there, but they didn't but I think I always respect the people that have these watches because it does go a lot Against the Grain for a lot of collectors little bit like the the nine nine six lights that L don't like but some people absolutely love them and I am one of those people so but it's really well written especially around you giving some honest opinions around the 36 meal but it's it does we're a little bit bigger because of that integrated bracelet that it's got which was you know, such a follow-on from many of those early 70s designs from Gerald Genta. He does talk about the pros being that you know, they only made 25,000 of them. Very 25-year period so while that sounds like a lot in Rolex tall that's nothing numbers very small numbers. So, you know, and I'm sure they've got lots of different iterations and the white gold ones are awesome as well. But you know, he's really honest about the design and the way that it looks the accuracy as well obviously is a big part to this watch but the the cons he's got here that the courts isn't. Everyone's cup of tea, but he does mention that the 50-35 movement the quartz movement that's in this is about as mechanical as battery-powered watches can get so I think that's true because that that movement is pretty pretty pretty cool. And then the last part he's got here about the refinishing is not an option because you can tell a polished example from a mile away and I mean real real in deep enthusiasts can always tell when there's some bevels oh no it's the crown gods have been diminished a little bit of this lugs that don't look as full as what they used to be but this watch particularly because of the brushing you cannot touch it soon as you touch it you'll lose so much of its character and style and it stands out like dogs balls so anyway go check it out really good read of a beautiful watch now let's wrap up with someone to go follow so Erwin as our guest who would you recommend people go follow on Instagram once they've finished listening to this if you're really into the vintage Rolex I things I would highly recommend go the V RH K on Instagram feed there are a passionate collectors of amazing vintage Rolexes yeah go and check them out yeah cool so vintage Rolex Hong Kong V RH K yeah I'm already following which was which is awesome did I have a lot of meet ups which is called must be really big big community over there which I'm sure it is one of the biggest markets and so cool V RH K go check him out and mine is Kelvin underscore W so k e LV underscore W so it's name is Kelvin but what I really like about his feed is he's a watches and shoes enthusiast and I do like a nice pair of shoes so he is a big vacheron fan there's some beautiful watches some beautiful pairs of shoes that he's got on there but clearly passionate about about really really nice stuff which is cool so go check him out had a few conversations with him over the years just a really nice guy with worth going to follow and helping him grow his page and His passions cool so we are right on time. Oh and thank you so much for coming on today. Thanks for having me to have a little chat. Yeah, look, I really enjoyed that. I think I think there's so many things that we've discussed today. That just makes so much sense as to why people are so drawn to these two icons for so many years and yet they've remained, you know unchanged but also changed and I think that's a that's a testament to their design and the manufacturing as well that they have done enough to keep it iconic but also done enough to keep it moving with the times as well, which I think is pretty special. So, alright, we will wrap it there. Thanks again Irwin and I forgot to say stay on time like my good friend. Demi would say so I'll stay at this time. So, thanks guys. Catch you next time and stay on time.