What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up?Afraid yeah, long time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was When we started growing, so was she and she play a lot of Call of Duty with his mom. I don't want her to is the main game. It's where we found her in a Lobby kind of like we did with Legion. I would say more so than and she just started. You know, we you know how we are with people now the Call of Duty we would get into a lobby with a girl and you know, everybody screws up girl girl girl girl girl. We did the same thing as like a meme and we really didn't want to do it, but she played along with it. And you can tell that she wouldn't she wouldn't have let anything like messed with her and so it just kind of grew from there and he became like hey we can mess with this girl, but then she was kind of cool and then we all were kind of friends and we just kind of sort of playing with each other almost like every night. So it was kind of cool during the whole process. Yeah, we played for about two years straight. I remember like I remember I still remember the time that we met and it was a shadow that was doing the main aggression. Towards yeah, but he I don't think he was you guys weren't ready for me because I kind of trolled back and I was kind of more down to be you know, kind of goofy. So it was pretty easy to start a friendship with everybody. I really do miss the Nostalgia days of like the shoutcasting with you and all that fun stuff that we used to do. What is up guys. It's Deluxe 20 and let me tell you D4 and I are very passionate about this podcast. If you're passionate about podcast and you Go check out anchor dot f m that's where we host our podcast and it's one of the easiest ways to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place and it's free. If you don't have a lot of fancy computer equipment, that's okay. You can also record straight from your cell phone. Not only is it easy to use they also have creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast until it sounds just right. They also distribute all of your podcast out to all the different places just like ours with Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcast and many more and not only can you put out your own podcast, but you can also make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter if you get a hundred views or a hundred thousand views, you can still make a little bit of money on the side. So go download the anchor app or go to Anchored FM and get started on your podcast today. Our sponsor for today is Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcast all in one place for free on Spotify. You get a huge catalogue of all kinds of podcasts including the gfy podcast. You can go there now and never miss an episode. Premium users can even download the podcast so that you can listen to them wherever you want to even if you're offline. Not only can you listen to your podcast there. You can also share it straight to your Instagram feed so you can let everybody know you listen to the gfy podcast. So if you haven't already go download this Spotify app, and then all you got to do is go to browse under your library and you can check out the gfy podcast right there and never miss an episode now. Let's get back to the podcast. I miss the bond for two days. I think they like the new Cod though is really really nice. And I think we have adapted to the new Cod more than any other Cod that we played in the recent years. Probably since MW3 maybe Black Ops 2 maybe question mark we placed a lot say probably but I feel like in Black Ops 3 and 2 and 1. I don't think we were on every single night like this. It was more like GTA. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I remember. I mean you guys are going to hate me I used to you know, that's what I like how I got big was on Call of Duty. I did move by the last Cod. I don't I've never played the newest COD period your time at this one right now. Yes, I've never oh wow. Yeah. I never I didn't even buy it. I think like The Last Call of Duty. I can't even remember the last Call of Duty I played why not. And your dog fight you my German Shepherd. Hey, yeah, he's trying to talk. What's your dog's name? Brother Athena? That's Athena. Yeah, but I yeah, I haven't I haven't played I think since like aw, because it was so bad. I was like, I'm done with Call of Duty they might like aw and ghost. I was just like, why are we even still playing this? Yeah. I don't think ghost wasn't as bad as the last one. Thank I was I didn't I don't think we realized that ghost was okay. It was okay Cod. I don't think it was good. But it was okay. Yeah, I don't remember anybody ever saying oh my gosh my favorite Cod, but I don't remember saying I hate this one the most I think what was the one where he started get my jet packs and stuff like that. What was that one? I think that was aw. Yeah. I think I think it was too sweet. It's when every that one pissed me off and everybody started using the quote like boots on the ground kind of thing and it was like, okay. Yeah. Yeah, and then you you went the Fortnight Like Pat. Yeah. Okay. So like I On the Fortnight train, really early. I thought their Fortnight. Yeah. I thought it was going to blow up and I was and I was even big. Yeah, so I literally started day one on the Battle Royale. I have still over a thousand winds in it, but I've I hadn't played in the second and third generation of the Fortnight now like we got all of our winds and the very beginning of it. Like I was gonna bunch of solo wins and then we were getting team wins like every night we would jump in we would get like 3 or 4 wins every Uncle Tom we would stream her play or whatever were you playing it? And I'm like, why are you Thing this game and it I mean obviously it blew up but you were on it before before it was even bag. It was crazy. Yeah, I remember telling side. Hey, you need to buy this skin. It's the first skin in the game and it's going to be super rare and he's like no this game will never blow up bro that and we'll never book a tee. Fucking blew the fuck up. Yeah. Yeah, we loved like H1 and you know, like I love G and stuff like that before that so we're like You know, we'll try it out its new Battle Royale and it just had you know something different to it was just kind of cartoony, but it was also, you know like a shooter. So it was yeah it was it reminds me of like you know that cartoony Vibe of OverWatch, you know? Yeah. Yeah, but then it I love the the BR aspect of it because I'm into a time into Apex. So that's my game that I play every day almost on my streams. I play like a lot of Apex and then like random side games that my subscribers enjoy but Like I love be ours. I definitely do but I'm not I can't I don't know how to go back to Call of Duty guys. I just don't unless I'm gonna troll on it. I just and I don't I don't that's weird. That's so weird to me because I fell in love with the VR stuff too because I got into it watching other streamers do it than the are mature out than the H1Z1 route. Then I got into a pub G and etc. Etc. Etc with you. It seems like you would stay the caught. Yeah, you would see say what? Akkad route the whole time. Yeah, I was I was pretty adamant about Call of Duty and Search and Destroy like clutching it with misery attack bullcrap. Yeah. Yeah, but you know, it's weird. I am really good at Apex. I'm ridiculously good I main Pathfinder. So it's just kind of what I've gone into I you know, like between not playing with you guys. Like I did YouTube for trolling and I was more of like comedy the route. So I mess with the people I mess with people like all the Live and I'll do like my overly clingy girlfriend trolling where a target one guy and I basically forced him to be my boyfriend online. That's pretty funny by scaring the crap out of him. This is like the opposite of what we do. We try to be like the all-time simp where we're like, oh my God, I can I get this door for you like open the door for in COD and like come on through. Let me protect you with my riot shield. How many more you know, how many more guns you want me to drop my queen that kind of stuff like we're trying to overly like do it. It yeah, you guys are like gentlemen. No, I basically become overly attached girlfriend and I asked them, you know what their fetishes are like feet fetish and random stuff. Typically, it scares the crap out of them. And if I you know, I ought to I ultimately ask them if they want to get married and or date if we win the game and I usually can carry people to win pretty easily. So most of the time they are forced to marry me at the end of the game so it Like I have I have a lot of x's, you know currently so comes with the job but it's fun. It's fun. It's I enjoy messing around with people online still and that's what I kind of miss with H1 actually because like you could talk to the other team after you kill them and I feel like game chat like that was so much fun. It was obviously more toxic but it is so much more fun when you can like kind of banter with other people. Yeah. See, that's what We were talking about not too long ago. We were talking about the same thing. Like we did we prospered a lot of love and I think you do too is heart attack when you can talk to other people on the other team and your team and get reactions like that is what we do the best I believe. Yeah, exactly. So the trolling phase is kind of what we took over when we tried to blow up and I feel like there was like csgo you could do it at half time and then they took it out there was you know, of course Call of Duty, I mean all the games that did that the H1. You want but for the game developers, they were getting backlash from different articles talking about how to talk stick cities were yeah and being on and people yeah, exactly the children that are talking anyway, so yeah, it really is by the way. My daughter is a teenager and she has fans of all of the crew and all of the big YouTubers that we kind of that I grew up with you guys playing with us friends, right? So it's like it's bizarre. A lot of people don't know that side of me that I'm A mother but she is in 7th grade now. Well, that's awesome. It's not if you playing games with you, it's terrifying. She playing games. She plays Fortnight and she does some PC Minecraft and but she's mostly just a really big athlete. She is for a few years been one of the number one riders in our state and she's right now wash bag, correct for Atlas. Yeah, just and Also, she's one of the she's a forward in Soccer and she's currently the MVP like she's the captain so she's really good. She's pretty cool. She's a cool kid, but she's in junior high where you're at or middle school. Oh gosh, I believe it's called Middle School here. And I was you know back in the day. It was junior high. But yeah, she's in middle school and it's bizarre having that and you know, I shall have friends come up and be like, so So your mom's Miss heart attack? I looked her up. I'm like, oh no. Oh no. Oh no, it's funny. A lot of people will ask her. Who does she know, you know, like yeah, baby people and stuff like that. Yeah. She's like are you really miss her text daughter and she's like just Google miss her attacks daughter. So she's at the point where she she you can Google me. It's the line. Just Google me like I'm weird and come to that. But yeah, so she's she's dealing With that that part of it and she's like it's kind of cool. She's like I would like to meet some of these YouTubers you actually know and I'm like maybe one day. Yeah meet speedy and Deluxe and all those guys one time. Let's go. Yeah, so it's been kind of fun, but it's kind of weird coming around circle from like us being young like really young and being the people playing, you know, like her and her age and everything and us now being adults. I'm like, wow. Yeah, what's up and you're like, you know talking crap to kids or whatever. / it's like could be her classmates. Look again. Yeah, one of my friends make sure that they found it. Yeah, try to you can't tell people like sidearms these they sound really old. You know, you're right. He's old enough sounded older. Yeah. I remember it. Arms hates bringing this up. But I remember when we used to play sidearms was on some kind of like he was on League of Legends. He's come full circle, by the way. He just hurt me like Legends again. So he would leave for like weeks and play League of Legends and you would be are you know, fifth or sixth spot all the time like yeah. That was yeah. And so when we play games sidearms and play a lot so miss heart attack would play with us inside arms would be nowhere around but when we did play with sidearms fuck him as hard as I could go. Hey Siders you did too. Do earmuffs or whatever it's like you can't hear so I'm going to mute you real quick is she would mute sidearms to say adults shit all the time and he used to get so fucking triggered always did I felt he was so many. Yeah. Yeah, it's crazy. It's so true. We would say earmuffs earmuffs. Yes. Everyone's all the times. He fucking hated that by the way, he absolutely hated that you know, I'm sorry. We raised him he turned out. Okay, I guess he was our he was a baby up or I want you know, I'm like the OG like the first girl gamer of the crew, I guess. Yeah, definitely so it's funny because I when I met you guys, I remember you guys all having about a thousand Subs, maybe and Speedy had the most at that point and I remember you guys been like you guys don't know who I am and I'm like, who are you guys and you guys I'd be sick. You up on YouTube make a YouTube account. It was it was actually and I was like people put video games on YouTube. This is a thing. Yeah, and I was kind of shocked and I this is you guys are the reason I even do any of this. So a lot of people don't even realize like that. We force you to do it. Yeah. Yeah, you guys literally made me make a Twitter. My first followers were you that's awesome. I can go back on my Twitter and it's you guys. As my first followers and me following you guys and it's bizarre to me. I'm like this the crew is the reason why I'm here period I mean there was hard work in between there. But the start was you right? All right guys are my you guys were my Catalyst. Yeah, you guys definitely made me basically what we gave you guys we gave you a start and you took off with a new kind of did your own stuff you throw me in the water. You said swim? Yeah, exactly, but you you came to the top you're fine. You're fine yet your floaties and You're good to go. I know your kind of a pun for my toddies or what money. Oh, no. Yeah whines YouTube another one's money and you to money. Yes. Hey, that's what that YouTube money does. But you know you have to do something with it. I didn't buy a Corvette a but those yeah, that's a good investment, you know, all right to approach. Yeah, yeah on on Twitch. It seems to be the right thing to do because they won't ban on female for about anything. I'm gonna just keep on drinking my water. But are you how are you posting more YouTube videos are you sticking at which I'm actually thinking about coming back to YouTube. I quit abruptly just because I had my son and he's He's turning to this month and like three weeks. It's it's crazy. And I was like, I don't have time for this and I really didn't so I switched to streaming and now I have time because he's older and I'm like, maybe I should just come back to YouTube. So I'm there. I'm going to actually start uploading within this next month and I will come back Nicole. What are you gonna do some of the some of the same content of just comedy and kind of the fun games and stuff that I do with my subscribers every time on Stream, I am one of those rare kind of streamers that I play with my subscribers daily. So we'll do different games and will do different, you know, many games within games and it's a lot of fun and people get to be a part of the stream and it's like a family so every streams like a family but we're like a group of best friends. So whenever people subscribe to my stream, they typically become a part of the Stream I'm a character in the part in the Stream So the kind of translate over to the YouTube to they'll become kind of a part of the YouTube. So it'll be just kind of for fun. It's probably not going to be as big production as I used to do it because I used to upload like almost every day. Yeah, I want to kind of come back just for fun. Just a little bit just to kind of, you know, let my subscribers know on YouTube that I'm not dead. I did right? I didn't just quit it may bring some people over to Twitch for you to that. I know you've been in the back of their mind but not in the front, you know. Yeah, they have no clue. So I was like, I'm gonna upload some videos let him know that I'm at least overawed twitch. That way they can be a part of the community over there and I can see me daily because I stream everyday. So how cool is there a set time you do it? Yeah. It's basically around noon every day. And you are you west coast East Coast? What are you I am in Washington state. So I'm West Coast Okay, cool. So a lot of people don't I know that that's another thing that was hard for us when we were playing with each other. You guys are on a different side of the country for them. Right? We're all basically ink East Coast. Yeah, basically so it was like really big time difference. That's another thing that kind of ran into and we were playing people, you know time crunches when we start stop playing with each other was my daughter was in school and I was doing different things at that time so I couldn't get on a plane with you guys as much so You guys are a little bit different guys kind of stream a little later if we're than me. I think yeah, we do. We tried to stick to a certain time probably about for when we're recording this probably about 30 minutes from now. We all try to get on and try to record or we try to stream and guys are still at the same time crunch. Yes still time crunch. Yeah. Yeah you guys used to it at this time. Literally 90 years ago. It's still you guys are pretty you guys are. Very regimented look, he's still we have to be because we feel like when we're not then it gets crazy and a lot of those people don't show up. So we'll get three or four people. Yeah. Yeah makes sense. We are what with me like that's what was the problem because of the afternoon. He is time because I'm feeding children getting them in bed doing homework thing, you know, and I'm like I'm being a mommy. So right light my time where I where I'm typically streaming and doing my YouTube thing is during the day one there, huh? You know, my daughter is at school. I have time to do stuff. So that's that's definitely like different time zone from you guys. Like I'm around noon to 4 p.m. West Coast and then you guys are just jumping on so I get to jump into your guys's streams. That's That's the fun part of I get to jump into your stream. I didn't realize that the other boys did stream though until then. I think the last time I went to your stream, you're like did you know everybody else dreams? I'm like, no other stuff is below my my description. Yeah, I had no idea. So that was kind of fun jumping into everybody else's stream because I've been jumping into your stream for the last few years. Yeah. No clue that they streamed. Nope. Yeah, when you talk about like your community being really close I'm on is a lot like that too. Yeah. We're super super active and we kind of got each other's back and stuff and I had picked up streaming and tried to I would go on trimming then try to make my Youtube back to normal. Then I would go back to streaming and now I'm on a trimming cake right now. And the other guys are like hey, this is actually kind of nice because of the new monetization on YouTube is not worth it. Yeah, like what you said like, you don't have to spend all the time editing and going back through. Eight hours of footage to try to cut up ten minute video or whatever it is. Like you can just say like I'm starving I'm stopping. Yeah. Oh, yeah editing so much more. I've I didn't realize it until I switch to streaming. I was like, oh my gosh, I've been going through eight hours of content for like 5 minutes 5 to 10 minute videos, and I'm like, this is not fun, like right putting the subtitles and the music and the sound effects and all the clips. It's so I was like, yeah aren't going to say Women so but at the same time you miss YouTube sometimes like you you still want to still be active in a way and I think that's where you know you miss it. Sometimes you guys are still doing YouTube and streaming though, like almost daily or no. Well see sidearms and Speedy they don't edit as much as they used to so they'll throw videos up. We play games more tailored towards the long run so we play things like Let's just say we play a golf game together. It's you're going to show all 18 rounds is not going to be cut up. We're going to play We called it. This game is like push the button. You have to hear us light. Yeah, you have to hear his talk 24/7 or you're not going to understand what's going on. We do stuff that's more tailored towards that we will play COD and Speedy and then we'll cut it up a bit but there's more of the games are tailored towards us talking interacting with each other because they took out like we said earlier Earlier the interactions with other people. So we had to kind of adjust on that and I feel like the the comedy that we make now is so much better than what we did as far as like, I don't know like the one-liners and the how we build off each other. But the only thing again that's missing is the interaction with other people that sucks a lot because I miss it. That's I think that's the part of the trolling side of us from the old school trolling sides that we miss that messing with people. You with the shoutcasting was like it was probably the I still remember this one time that you actually like called me and are not on the phone. But I think you taught you you told me to get on Xbox and I think it was Skype back then it was yeah, it was Skype. Yeah, and you were like, I need you to get on the Xbox and I was like, okay you're like, so I tried this one girl, and I want to upload it but I don't know if you're gonna be mad at me. I'm like, oh my God don't think like just put it up and you're like, yeah, but it's a girl and I don't know if you're going to think I'm being mean. I'm like it was hilarious and I still remember because you were like big girl and you're like to it was just like a hollow. Yeah. I remembered that 300 dad. I was telling the girl. She had like three bucks or whatever. That was the funniest video and yeah, I'm gonna oh gosh, there was so many things that like there was this one that we don't talk about that happen and maybe you may have to cut this up but there Is kid that came in and he couldn't say a word. Oh we talk about table we break it up all the time, but we don't tell people we don't tell people I didn't even know you were there. Were you there? Okay that kid, you know, do you remember what he said? Yeah, but the but the but the boss was the rat that always placed outside arm still talks about it goes did it did it did we were just dying laughing? Yeah, oh my God, and I still remember that memory clicks into my head all the time and I'll randomly say in the Stream and people don't know what I'm saying. Yeah, it's one of those those like trigger memories. I'm like the digital Bas Bas pod. Now the thing is, I still remember the map the map is that at that mall that's kind of broken down there. Whatever that was the the map and he was like he was trying to get Joel to rap battle him because he knew Joe but he had said something earlier and we didn't agree with He said or we were trying to get a reaction out of him and he wasn't playing along and then finally like round for he gets in and goes did it. Did it did it did it the boss wants to rap battle and we were like, oh my God, we cannot tell anybody what happened, but I feel like it so much longer. Yeah, we could even you were like we're cutting this out. We're never talking about this ever again because I didn't want to make fun of people and their disability stutter but like we yeah dying. Oh just it was because his voice was so innocent. Cute. Yeah, he's like six or seven or something else that it was just we were just dying laughing and I'll still randomly say it and no one no one knows it except of course, of course because I remember you being like we cannot tell anyone. This is between us. This is a lock-and-key conversation. I'm like, okay. Right. Okay, so we still kind of have some rules with that stuff. Like we don't we have always try to stay out of the drama and stuff like that. We don't everyone across those boundaries and things like that. We try to have a good reputation and and same for you misheard that you've done a great job with that too. I'm just having having a good reputation and you know treating people with respect and accelerator Centre but sidearms will continuously bring up he he doesn't move on from joke, so he'll use it. A joke for a year and then year to he'll bring back the one he did two years ago and then it like he doesn't like you since you've been gone Miss heart attack. He has had eight jokes not joking. He's had eight jokes that are his and he's use them over and over and over again it and so we got into a lobby with a girl we would we would be like, oh God, here we go. And he would he would use the exact same line. Yes. Every time I would say Whispering figures, yeah. Yes. I was so smart. I see ya God. My nose is First Merch dude? No, he doesn't use that. I think it was his first merch to was on it was like some plain as black t-shirt with white lettering. I remember. Yeah, he had way with some smiley face, you know for years when I was, you know, still doing YouTube people would get into a lobbies and say it to me. Yeah, like oh my Gosh, man, this mine has become so much bigger than I thought it was going to be like phone cases and stuff at the down there. Yeah. Yeah. It's so funny. You know you guys you guys are a whole other Beast though. You guys had websites and like yeah, we took the Minecraft thing on pretty heavily and then GTA blew up for us big time. I think that was like we were doing well on God and then we started doing really well because the GTA 5 We got on GTA4 before GTA 5 blew up and that helped us out of town. Yeah, because we started growing from that everybody started watching those videos and when GTA V started we already had kind of a GTA following. Yeah just kind of yeah, I agree. I had like a huge Destiny following really. Yeah. I had a huge Destiny following people still talk about Mike my RAID videos and that was like the most random the most random game to have a Following on Because it's not a trolling game at all. It's yeah, it's more like a Cod almost. Yeah, it's even more of a grind because you have to like grind to get the gear and I had like we used to do raids with my group and we would just kind of have that banter between our friends and that's the only game I do you guys ever have a game that you just didn't expect to do so well for me. It was Daisy I was I was a daisy person for a while. Yeah. And then for D20 there was something you had 13th was probably 13 blew up for so it really was II liked Friday the 13th. I played that a lot. Actually, you know, the funny thing is when we used to play D20 didn't talk. Yeah. I tell people this all the time. Yeah. I just had like I played it like when we first started playing I played like in my living room and so like I had let my Turtle Beach like Wireless on and I was like across the room from my TV. And so it's like I was just sitting in the living room in the dark never hear you talk and you would do the series where you and I think Speedy would commentaries. Yeah, you would Camp. Yeah, that's what I remember we would watch you camp and you get you and Speedy would talk over it and I'm like that was the best stuff too because like I couldn't hear him in game because it was you know, everything was like once you're dead. You can't hear you. You can only hear people that are dead so they would all be taught like now we can all talk to each other because we're on Discord or whatever, but like used to like once you're dead. You can't hear the rest of your team. So like can we just be there just be carrying on not even know what they were talking about and like I'd watch the video and I'll be like this shit's hilarious hilarious. But the funny thing is out of the two years straight with you was 2009. I met you guys 2010. Yeah, 2010. Yeah, 2010 2010 to 2012. We have I have not heard you talk to me. More than like five sentences. Yeah devorah's like that. I mean I never even really talked to her that you just didn't talk. So this is a whole nother piece hearing your voice. I'm like, oh he's normal, but you were a friend but you were like that friend that I never talked to you. It was really weird. Well, here's the thing. I think in the D20 and I talked about this. So when we used to play together, there was a lot of clashing. Not class you got that's a bad word. There's a lot of personalities that were allowed. I had allow personality. Jehovah had a lot of Personality Speedy had one everybody's talking over everybody. So yeah, everybody's yes loud as shit. Yeah, and he was not he would get in his one liner and then be out one liner and be out and so I agree that was never any room for G20 to talk really loud personalities. There was yeah. I mean that's kind of the content that's kind of the people that are YouTubers. We're kind of typically wear. Are pretty loud and have kind of that Entertainer kind of personality. So but I remember learning that you know who talks who doesn't talk when you do talk. There's a lot to go in to the gel of a group. Yeah. A lot of people don't realize that that like, you know, it does matter who's in the group at that time who gels with each other the best I tended to Bounce off of you. What day I'd say you Hova and I think Shadow the best. Yeah because we kind of have kind of a joking kind of the same kind of humor. Right? So like everybody kind of bounced off of each other differently. So a lot of people didn't realize there was a lot of people in the crew at one point like just different people rotating in and out. Out and I was just an early member. So like, you know, it does matter who you invite what kind of things you're doing that day and that just looking at kind of like what kind of video you guys are doing like you and Speedy would go into that talking over D 20 s stuff. Yeah commentary should I guess what all that and there's like times that like you would invite me and I was my role is just to be quiet and for you and Speedy to Random around yeah, we were clip hunting more than anything. So we'd have a certain objective to go into a game with I would say now it's not necessarily like that. We kind of let it's more natural just because we feel like if I speak up then I'm going to try to take the lead here and then if and Speedy still speaks up he's going to take the lead and we react off each other more than we would like try to combat each. It was tough. Yeah hundred percent feel that I think that it's fun to realize how much has changed because when I'm at y'all in 2010 Ashish on Modern Warfare 2, it was a whole nother Beast of YouTube it was, you know, try and get those reactions saying those things and now it's kind of more of a nap but there was no money involved either. It was just so there was no there's not a lot of competition for us because there was not a lot of groups. There was no Groups that were playing Call of Duty together in posting on YouTube. We were one of the first specially comedy and then then once money got involved there became a lot of groups connecting each with each other but other than work and I didn't even like each other but they're like, oh your channels doing okay my channels doing okay. This guy's channels doing. Okay. Let's just play together. Yeah, that's one thing. I love about crew. You're right like D20 like you're right with that because like originally We were just a big group of friends playing and when I met you guys, that's what I loved about you guys. You're just a big group of buddies just playing like and it wasn't about you know, making groups for money you guys continue to impress me because you guys are still best friends 10 years later. That's what I find impressive. You guys have just kind of outlasted so many people when it comes to Friendship. It's one thing that I look up to you guys with the bond that you all have created and the families that you guys created it with the crew. You guys still have it and it's been 10 years and that's something that came full circle when your guys's group your family your subs reached out to me and they were like, hey, we want to make a video for crew and we're yeah, we're trying to get you guys to come, you know old friends and old people that are in YouTube with them and I was like, Like I definitely want to because you guys still to this day are people that everyone should look up to when it comes to this. You guys are the oh geez when it comes to the crew the cruise like you were the start of groups of friends playing and still best friends. So that's something I love about y'all still. Well, we appreciate that means a lot. Hey, I know I say it all the time on my stream. You guys are amazing. I love you guys. I completely I credit. Lied to you guys like you guys are you guys are wonderful. So I'm really grateful for you guys bringing me all on again because you know, I've missed all of you guys. We we were so close for someone for a couple of years there. So yeah, there's I feel like in a lot of people have asked this since we've like haven't played with each other in a wild like was there any bad blood and tell them? No, there's no bad blood at all really wasn't it? Just people have different lives that are going on and there they put priorities in front of Others and then that's just kind of how it works. Like that's how life works and when you have friends you learn that like some of my my good friends I had in high school. I don't talk to him anymore because they went a different path and that's just kind of how it was. I don't hate them. I just don't talk to him. That's just kind of how it is. So we did over the years we've stayed in touch to you. And yeah, we have epic to me an object out of the crew. I'm closest to you and nobody epic and I stayed in touch with you guys like a lot. Over the years. So a lot of people didn't realize because back in the day. My daughter was not out in the public eye and that's that's the reason why I kind of had to step out of playing with y'all a lot and then slowly it just became I couldn't get to play with you guys and then the Spotswood fall fill up because there's six spots and a lot of people don't realize that like when we used to play it was like Call of Duty so there's six slots you can Have seven you can't have eight you have done and there was about 10 people that rotate it in through the crew at that point. Hmm. So by the time I was done getting my daughter schoolwork done bathe fed put into bed. Y'all are starting to get off like to go to bed and I'm just getting on because you know, I've had a lot of people didn't realize because I was still keeping my personal life when it comes to being a mother because I was a young mother at that point. I was only 20 so I was keeping that kind of on the low down. So that's it was kind of on the hush-hush. Now obviously my kids are out in the public eye of my son and my daughter but at that point people, you know wanted answers and I couldn't give them because I wanted to respect my daughter's privacy. She wasn't in the public eye yet. I wanted to give her the choice of she wanted to be I didn't want to let her you know, as a kid be thrown into it and when she was old enough and she chose that she was like, oh, Okay with being in the public eye was going to let her be in it now she is but you know, that's a lot of the things that the crew the crew fans didn't realize is I didn't leave you know on purpose when it comes to that. I had you know, I have a little girl I had to take care of and I was a mom and we understood that as a crew like we weren't crying too. Yeah, we were never going to try to throw you under the bus like, you know, she's uh, she's got it fuck kids. She tiny this we respected everything that you did and we're going through and tried to give you your space and let you do your own. Aang and continue doing what we were doing as well. So I mean what I love about you guys is that you guys supported me still like because you let me you're like you should still do YouTube. You should still upload don't stop just because you can't play with us upload your own content, you know, don't stop doing it and you guys were mentors to me still when we weren't playing together. I was still doing YouTube and you and Jewel were mentoring me for about a year or two still probably told like 2014 2013. Randomly you guys would Mentor me so a Lot of people don't realize that they are you guys were helping me out still in the background, you know telling me, you know, you're doing good. Just keep on doing it. We got you back. We know we know you guys you're not you know, there's no bad blood because we all we all knew that I had a daughter and that we were that you know, I was busy with being a mom but the public didn't so you guys always have my back that's what I want thing that the crew all knew that I had a daughter at that point. So that that's that's what I love about the crew still again. You guys always have each other's back to this day y'all. I have my back to this day. Yeah, and I'll always have your eyes is back as well. Like it's just how it is. Like once you're in the crew you kind of have each other's backs. Well, it's good to hear from you say that and I mean, you know, it's one thing that that we kind of know that but to hear it is is nice and and same for you. Yeah, it's it is it's like a family and we will always have that Bond will always have that connection will always have that those memories that we were together and there was what did we do last week? Did something together as heart attack, there was a video that we did What Would you like would you rather? Yes, I didn't want you rather with you. Yeah on my channel. I invite different YouTubers in to do would you rather videos? So basically I'll be like I'll be like, okay, so we'll do one right now because I actually D20 you haven't answered this question. Okay. All right. Hey go get him if I can remember it God. I used to remember I used to take I haven't done this for three years. Give me a break. You rather sleep with your cousin and no one no or not sleep with your cousin and everyone think you did. Hmm just depends on if my cousin's hot sister. I don't know. You have to pick one the first yeah, obviously this hot cousin and everybody not know. Yeah, like in their 20s and you think about like say from being 20 to 30 or whatever, you know. Different age range and stuff but they just think during that time like think of your 10 best friends when you're you know, 20 years old like and then by the time you're 30, like how many of them do you still talk to how many of them and so like when people quit playing with us, they just assume like oh there must have been drama because that's what happens with every other YouTube group. They're like, oh, you know, they must have got into a fight and kick them out of the crew like no one's ever been kicked out or broad. I mean nobody's really been said like hey, you're in the crew like you made it. It like it's just like we play with people and you know, if we go if it goes along with them, it's just yeah, it's like people just think like, oh, well, you know you kick this person out like no we didn't they have, you know, life's going on, you know, people have other things you want them. Yeah, I agree. Like that's what that's the one thing about the crew that's feels different from because I played with a other P YouTubers obviously and other groups and that's that's a thing like you were saying before they play and beat when I think you They play together. You may even like each other. Yeah, it's like this is already weird record will be friends for that day, and we don't talk to each other and rude. Hundred percent true. I will take back that completely up coming from a person that's you know played with y'all and been in the in been in the tight-knit friend group and the crew versus playing with a lot of the other groups. It's hundred percent that you guys are like a family you guys are like best friends others, they could be friends, but they're not either not typically best friends. I've only seen a couple that are like couple of the guys. That are best friends but a lot of them. Yeah, you're right. They don't they don't typically like each other and after they're done recording their out a bounce. You don't know what now, they don't text each other, you know, they don't they don't hang out without the videos. So again, that's what the crew is about is. It's a family I guess that's how you guys kind of groomed me in a way to be a great YouTuber when it comes to having community that so positive and family like because you guys were such that you you guys grew it like that as your guys's Friend group. I don't like you guys are definitely people that others need to take notes. And if you want to, you know, try to be successful and any kind of aspect be with your best friends be with your best friend and be and be genuine like oh, yeah try to be something you're not because eventually it's going to come around. I mean you can you know, you can do it for a year or so or whatever, but eventually I have been ugly it gets dirty. Yeah, I've In that before it and I've seen this happen. Yeah. So I've had I've seen friend group for a comprar group YouTube groups come together as YouTubers and then bring in their IRL friends as YouTubers and then break off into a subgroup of their IRL friends from getting big with their YouTube friends and then their YouTube Friends get mad at them because they're with their there. Actual real friends that they helped build up from there following as well and it just it creates some animosity there and then I've seen people and ugly ugly like not divorce is necessarily but like friend divorces. Yeah friend divorces where it gets bad and it's Throwing Shade at this side and this side over the 10 years or Decades of that. We've been watching it. Yeah, it's been crazy. Yeah, it's been I you know, it's that's what I find. That's crazy. A lot of you guys don't The level of your guys is Subs the O G's will remember me. Definitely they'll remember I still have people when you pop in my stream go. Oh this heart attack was heart attacks here on my gum pop. His heart attacks here have a lot to do that. Oh, yeah, you have some OG still. Oh, yeah, I have. Oh geez from they'll be like, I watched you since the crew days and that's when I know that they're oh geez. I'm like, oh you guys are fudging. Oh, geez. You're well, I want to have around me because you guys are oh jeez. I don't know. What's up. No, it's literally the what they say. They say it's the funniest part is you know, there's people that know me from just miss heart attack. I don't mean on YouTube being trolling blah blah blah and then there's the people that know me I've been watching you since the crew days and those are the people I get so excited. Yeah. Yes. You guys are amazing. I love your guys's fans. I don't know you guys are it was a fun. It was fun time. You're really a we wasted. I still I don't know how everybody else is, but for me, I still have maybe I'm not going to say it's a lot, but I'll get like Once or twice every four five six months, I'll have somebody come in and go what happened to miss heart attack or are they'll say something and I'll go like listen. She's still alive. She's not dead because we get the people that come in and go. Oh my God, you guys were my childhood. I used to love watching you. I have a Lobby like I used to watch you guys is like we still don't make content like, okay. I'm like what the fuck it's cuz we've been there like what happened you guys like nothing dumbass. You could watch what happened to you asshole. Yeah. Yeah, that's a hundred percent true. I like white like literally every day lately. I've had everybody like when I stream because that's inside do it daily. I'll have people be like, I haven't seen you for it since I was a child since the crew like that's literally all the time. The crew will be brought up in my stream almost daily. They'll be like, I've been watching you since the crew days. It's like Beaver quote in my stream I need I literally should have a emote that says the crew so it's it's but it's crazy to think about it has been 10 years. It's been 10 years. I know it's crazy. Thank you for doing the video and stuff. We had so many people say stuff on the video and video really cool. I mean a lot of people send us a private messages and stuff, but you got to think about and look back at all that stuff like like on who we used to play with and here's what's bad is that we've been playing for 10 years and I go back to videos and I don't remember a damn thing about the whole video and it's a like a new experience for me. Yeah watch him. Like nice said that what the fuck like, yeah. There's like the pikake incident. Yes. Okay, that's notorious when your favorite line. Yeah, I think everybody still to this day that if once they hear it in this cast this path Cast they're going to be like the pikake instead like everybody loves it. They're like Miss heart attack. What's a bukkake? And I'm like, I have no idea. I really honestly did not have a clue and I'm Asian so I should and so you guys had me Google it like live right there. I at first it was something about a divorced woman if I remember right when I know reading and it became very yes. Escalated quickly and then there's like this one time that another memory that pops up. It was like Speedy's Speedy's back door surprise with Miss heart attack. I was like it from it was nobody ethics should from last week episode and I had no idea he was behind me in a monomer for to Lobby doing something with a claymore. I don't know but there's times that I'll like watch these videos and I'm like did I actually say that did I actually To say someone Somewhere Out There is waking up with a boner the more, you know, like it do it. I actually say that. Oh my God, I'm like my daughters and middle school. I don't know. Yeah, if you like that video they got explain that good luck with that. Oh my God, that's right. You're a hundred percent true though. There's times. I watch videos from all of us that I don't remember and I'm like dude, this is hilarious. I remember this I don't guys are Funny. Oh wait. I was here chick very awkward. But no and then like there's D20. Wow. He really didn't talk like my friends like my first YouTube videos that I did like I did like the text-to-speech stuff like over him right there. Like you should start posting videos. And so I was like, well, I'm on my second Channel now my first one got taken down. But anyway, so like yeah, he made a magnetic go ahead and talk about that club. Okay. Yeah, it was one of my greatest videos ever made. So of course you remember the Booty Man Of course and wait, I thought that was like rest in peace. Yeah rest in peace. He's now off limits, but he's dead he sleep but go ahead. I thought that was off-limits. I remember the time it got off limits to yeah. It was just annoying. But go ahead. It was one of those things. Where do I start? There? Is the re the Remake. I don't remember who made the remix like song or whatever about it. Yeah. I don't know. But anyway it I was at the same time that that Rebecca Black Friday song came out. Oh my God, and so like on the kids react to they did kids react to like Rebecca Black and all that Rebecca Black. Yeah Friday. So I took that video and I took his video of his remix song and I just took a bunch of like kids react to clips and it was them reacting to the booty man. But obviously, they're erecting other stuff and they're like, oh my God kids listen to this at my school. They like I can't stand this is the worst like all this gun stuff. And so I just made a video like of them reacting to his song or whatever and it's like that Bros struck. Yeah finebros came in and pretty much had my channel because it was when they were like running everything on YouTube and they pretty much like I was like, can I get my channel back there? Like know pretty much not you're not gonna be able to monetize anything. Okay, so I just started started a new channel. Yeah, but I miss the old days when it just didn't effing matter, right? Oh my God. I still remember when ice cream truck came out. That was a good one and they had to have Hova toss a it sing the song copyright, you know capture how and I'll have people request to this day to listen to the ice cream truck song Because hope that shadow made and what a lot of people don't know that you're actually on the college even blowjob song. That's you the girl. I am the ground. I think it's a I don't even Lines I said to be honest with you. I don't either I can't remember but I am in that I am a female on there. Oh, it's so what had I even say? No, I have to go listen to it. Yeah, I have to do I wait go back every once in a couple years three years and go back and listen to them and list all that Joel songs. They used to make I wish he still made songs and Shadow only makes about one song a year want to hear that for New Year. Yeah. That's his it makes us yeah. Yeah. Yeah be like adamant about It it. Oh, yeah. Geez now I really want to go watch the Call of Duty and blowjobs. Now we have now we're gonna have to know nothing. I'm going to go to now everybody can go watch it. Exactly. There's there's a lot of memories. Is there one that stands out to you guys that you remember from me odel. Um, I just I just I just remember we were what's that freaking map? Where the where I thought we met you is it's got the house up top of the hill. And it looks like a log cabin Upstate. I thought we met you on a state is heart attack and the airplane terminal we thought was terminal. Okay, so I thought it was just a sternal. There's been like 15 terminals. Yeah, there has been a pretty journals and I remember Shadow hitting on you and all that stuff and then we continued I want to say and you can correct me if I'm wrong because my memories foggy, but I must say we played with you and then we backed out of the lobby and then we came back in another Lobby and you were there again. And then that's where we fucked with you again, and then it became a thing and then we're like, come on his bladder because I think Shadow was like, hey, can I add you or some bullshit? You know, I guess a pick-up line and you're like, yeah sure. What's going on here? Yeah, and there are all what the fuck she said. Yeah. I remember that. Yeah, I do. I actually remember Shadow coming in I believe and he's like, it's a girl. It's a girl. It's a girl. It's a girl and then everybody started doing it. And then I remember I kicked your guys's ass. Because you guys weren't focused on playing as we're right. We're not hot right now. But I remember I you guys backed out and you guys are focusing on trolling me, but I was kicking her eyes as but because I didn't had no clue you guys are trying to troll me because I was just messing with y'all and then you guys invited me because I Shadows new play toy and then it just kind of rolled from there because I whenever you guys would say anything it didn't bug me and I was kind of rare back then it was like girls were very catty yeah back then now it's a little bit different now it's pretty chill but back then it was very very catty it was bad I think y'all I mean think females have it pretty bad right now to I think it's just kind of a cool yeah yeah yeah well Call of Duty's where I'm talking about like it's fucking horrible on Call of Duty we play with a couple of people and we play with a girl named Cruz and she get she gets fucking but she slings it back at him kind of like you did a bit and so I feel like it's just kind of its kind of bad and I really felt like I had it bad but I think it's because I was looking for the reactions with my channel that when I did get reactions. My automatic reaction was to record it and expose them for for my own personal gain, right? Yeah, I never really thought about it as bad. I actually was like, oh this is pretty content. I'm gonna tell them, you know, they would be like you need to suck my D. I be like, you know, my mom told me never to put small objects in my mouth so I can't right exactly. So I always had one liners when I When I come in and people say stuff back to me and I would record it. So I never really I still to this day. I don't feel like I get it bad because I have such a strong Community behind me. That's like a family. I don't get trolls. I don't get people hating on me. I but I think another reason is the way you guys groom me in the beginning. I'm one of the original girl gamers for Call of Duty on YouTube. So how you guys kind of you know, I kind of started a lot of girls playing Video games because they saw me doing YouTube because of you guys, which is crazy that this is full circle. You guys gave me the opportunity to be that girl gamer that people watch growing up and now they're doing live streams and they're big on streams and I have girls to this day that are bigger on streaming like my girlfriend Electra. She was my fan huge fan of me. Yeah. I've got to say you would be surprised how many people that were huge fans of us before and they come out like like we have fun. Many lad was a fan. Yeah many levels of friend like there's I mean, he's a friend and it was a fan. Yeah. Yeah, like there's I can go through a lot of people like there's the you know, the stranger things kids. Yeah, like there's two of them that are there used to be friends of our fans of ours. There's the what's his name Rich Brian the rapper. He used to be a friend of our fan of ours. There's like so many people I could go through her name like everybody like Danny dobrik are David dobrik sorry not any Wi-Fi. No. I'm thinking Denny duquette. I just watched any Duncan video, but David dobrik was the fan of ours like there's so many people that were fan of ours back in the day. And so it's kind of crazy right? It's crazy to come full circle that you know, that's another thing that like what you were saying, like people think that you died but like you like that wait like we have gone anywhere. Yeah, like we haven't got anywhere we've been here for still 200 G's but like we're still here. Mr. Beast was a friend of ours and he won't send me a million dollars. I don't fucking get it like everybody at mr. Beast and hey, I made a video on the crew and you don't even send us a million dollars. Fuck me the 10K 10K but for some reason like yeah, that's that's the what the full circle comes around is that like nowadays there's people that are big streamers and they're like, I'll just go in there because you know, it's fun to randomly pop into streams or YouTube's and they're like, oh my God I watched You I'm a huge fan and I'm like, you're a huge fan your huge letting you know, so it's like it to be for you guys to give me the opportunity to be a catalyst for other girl gamers to be able to do this now and it be normal for girls to be Gamers. I just think it's the coolest thing that you guys had a part of that too. You guys don't even realize it bringing a random girl from Modern Warfare 2 into a Lobby becoming her friends playing with her for a couple years and doing YouTube videos with her. That you would inspire all girls a lot of girl gamers to become girl gamers because they were watching me with you all. So you guys have a lot of things that you don't even realize you've touched so many lives like that to being guys you guys having being willing to bring you know other girls to be in that kind of family and group you guys don't even realize what you've done. You've kind of described you had could I wasn't going to This is an emotional one the truth you said? Hey, what's up smiley face. You had every woman in America. All right, we'll miss heart attack group or kind of run it to the end of our time here. We don't want to keep you too long, but we're going to give you a little chance to kind of shout out anything that you want to shout out. So like Twitter Instagram YouTube twitch, whatever just go ahead and tell them where they can find you and all that kind of stuff. All right y'all. All right guys. Hey guys, Grandma's heart attack here, and I am actually still alive. I'm your favorite meals. No just joking. So I do have two kids. You guys don't know that about me. I stream everyday on Twitch. So if you guys want to find me, it's twitch.tv slash Miss heart attack. It's still the same OG gamertag about used to have back in the day. I most likely will be coming back to YouTube randomly. So if you guys want to come over there and you know become a part of the community of the heart attack Army all Ken and always pop into these boys streams and you guys know I love them. So, Thank you guys so much for inviting me back. And you know, I'm honored. Yeah. Well, thank you so much for heart attack will see you guys next episode and don't forget to download on your favorite platform, but we'll see you next guys next time on the GFI podcast. All right, how are you guys?