Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard Paid up nice kill squad car and just when we feel kaha bus up to Dunya multimedia conquering hum Sab kuch and Potsdam see just Vegas interview career. And then you look around you and you're surrounded by 50 other people think oh same wear hijab cherry cheesecake. So are you good enough Kappa? Happy birthday as far as the eye could see. I'm competent Mera kuch I hear Boom. Well, I think yeah, he discussed gonna kill you Arjun vodka reggae with the one and only Brigade are sushil bhasin. Hello, sir. Welcome to the show. Thank you should Eve. Thank you. And what a pleasure to be here again. So sir Marissa alter so why is it important? Okay. Um, did he choose me or to you do Diego? Should we make bad without me? Assad keep bhagwan EI star koi bhi Kar ke and Son banana and I agree to her and San Marco Rubio or Cruz in the game. Actually other kids to go up Nanny but parents help. Girls like their teacher sneakers or take our denim Libra Asana to a professional help illustrate m per year. Janata. Sorry. Hey, Kimmy, Rick nicklesby. I just miss a cash subsidy of Chico be swimming bigger down man down man down. Don't get self-worth key problem, of course resolve can impart a licking the other turbocharged. Somebody bought elimination game like literally, you know set in stone type. Tariqa ha ha Negative dance eh, no, thanks necessary parents co-teachers. Go observe Carnegie's bachir boumaaza kissed his mother Theodore debauchery, but show me a grading system. Say up key extracurricular activities a job. Exposure Malala was making similar cool prize Miller to Kissimmee ago rap not comparison. They clean up a chunk is on top goes to identify Carly. Thank you. I am here is strengthened licking a company recent test Keanu actors to the aptitude test out. There came a great way to many catalans adjustable chair of network segment could discard our extended desperate artist a a Gallop testing of Gaillard pressed me. John this strength to him communicating here weakness her I'm getting it on this Miss ARP strongest five guy what her strengths Kelly awkward charreah Che option which maintain a clean job keep on stirring some lawmakers make jarate jumps up guys. Gallop tests were made to punch top strength sub K is labeled Layla's body going after Molly Mackey with a uniqueness. The same every developer Communicator hair TI who has a strength of the Lord. If I or husband go defined guys come at love key to our Burger World Jonathan to fill up go. Yeah naturally, but I keep my skill acquired Communicator name. Coach Kirk a rehearsal Kirk a practice Kirk a little more actually naturally. Nyaya Togepi Togepi constraints to optio options narrow down girl named a mother data. You can play a girl strength. Yeah. Having the same five strengths in the same order. Wow, so I'm already unique then. Absolutely. Absolutely Mario Bowser URI, except but che cosa mishnah commands Dunya make them unique or geometry uniqueness of our unmatched your applications on the twins me hungry. We have had it like over there. I think subset by David Barras Alden already answer Korea, which is Cucuy of karaoke. Naina has a magic card or what? I'm good at cookie up to a bull run Gallop test. Her aptitude tests. Are they just me literally custom-made to you at covid malinga capture HIV test by the end of covid good at so I think a Baja the important cheese here for you. No other option. I am Abed K or so. It's like a cartoon subscribe. Carlo was covid absolutely make an arch collec or cheese or eh, eh, eh, oh, don't tell me. What are you good at the Met Gala mostly answer here. Will you be interested in knowing him? Maybe I'm not good enough for that. What honestly answer got there saying I don't know actually what I'm good at. Yeah, oshri up think you can charm a footballer Chuckles down you should achieve at a building. You don't be like that. It's not good enough too many as a board. But so Cassidy care what our son he could not ignore Mille conversation. Maybe now I was able to achieve academic decisions made China you brought Higa total. Look at part a toga party Marty campus activities. You are not as good as you think you are. You're always much better go underestimate curtain 99% or we just have care is Equitable there. I'm good at talking though Calhoun could bring it up with a frivolous answer. I am talking about that. So Tom, I'm good at talking I talk very well. I Converse very well. So it's a career 30 banega. So when we can is anata GA Jame, Aah Shota through school my belly. Barriga on Mari pili Nursery report. I those melakarta very talkative child when we recover Maple is a voltage is Baltimore when my grandfather in Kenny's Gingka both probably Mary's in the game a woman who bolted together to eight minutes of Kazakh to make the Kuda Superdome job, Mary Mother. Insult a minimum me up near Macy's Ebola Kittery. Abbreviate NASA old man. Covid Lockheed Echo May Upstate speaker. Okay, bolt down or log medabots on TV. So look at that just call. Okay. Look frivolous semester. Yeah, just go weakness so much. There was crab boat buddy strengthened as active. So it SLI a Dell keyboards Oh, no, I got up got delicate. OK Google fellow fail fast. What is that now fail fast the earlier you fail the better you learn your lesson. Hey gorgeous bottom. Yeah. Brian tracing is a chimera go if you want to succeed in life W of failure rate Mariah cock book book was a Dismiss a chamber may become go attempting a curtain cucumbers, but dust message a bar failing with them when you're prepared to fail you condition yourself, if you don't agree botany because failure is a tool for learning is cover a bombard me with Carnival a failure gay bar. I met but can I come Mac said yeah agar hum. Apnea. What's wrong about being wrong the begonia because Dunya maybe took a bullet on the thicker side is very much a part of huh acceptor. They're gonna accept cartel support current terms of parents teachers bosses husbands wives, you know, what happens is encourage them. You will find him. Will do more dark more of those things that you wouldn't have done que Guapo is X Delta. So again, I've got 1/2 cup size body aches. Okay, for instance, if we look at successful people around us a burger ambedkar and they've got panicky through recently. It kitab can marry only Licata K how to test leotta just say earlier. Iran are bukka Reddy. So AB testing about uncas Gilligan covid Allah GK, he will be very good in the Sciences like in a science field Candor. In fact only produce my work. I depart. Hi Chi sub Cuccia robot successful be who are but he was never really happy because under say were hamashiach writer when McCarthy like in writing with a saint and family whose arathi Basin key so our best porridge jerky under una follow Kia. Joandkaa to testing kaha own company strength pathology, you know, never follow Vicki and he was successful. Did but he wasn't happy. So a boost scenario May opt card whistling. So yeah brah complex question. Hmm. What is haq? We brought our sun Java beanie just like life just like late because live didn't come with a manual. Yeah. Yeah, Barbara Booyah Corner Bodega key equal life with manual the other Kiya Karo in ocurro or Jay cardosi answer a man will say Calgary a socket Krav Maga to score a place card. Oh, yeah, it's cool. Or repair card o / life is your repairs or Replacements a boober a complex or or situationally correct took out a key made a possible terrorist or doing well, but DHE practice children are born arm. Hey Tsubasa champak patients, dr. Sonya. Better right and he's in Bangalore. He has become one of the top behavioral trainers and is doing fantastically well, so there are solid doctor it me. Whoa, mbbs mediocre job EQ or terasaki practice or a Ciao Bella ciao Ottawa career business Torquay until he Batman. So I think from what I'm gathering is cake balance on a bansuri a character of homeopathic a hamari strength sky-high. Like you said kvk strength people down. In each area and top five strengths. We Vitani change based on which company life coagula curiosity. But at the same time other Hum Dil Ki baat sot sot Miss uni will balance o-jama Peggy don't know. You know, I'm Roz copy number and Celtic harp a happy life kind of Direction Tunisia to yay. Omegas a new comp a point range Amigo bought cheese or no cheese. I'm passionate about The Homeschool separately deal cannot subject ever or joejoebee about creme brulee achieve a legging is Sam and I'm going to take my key eliminate prioritize and focus to obviate you to be about Korea Maria options here. I'm go I'm Nia to Teske mother Lily quick guide liner. I always say that is your hand rail not a handcuff ticket is not a template up with box member. Agia markella gonna Abu scheme mother classic thing that is a guidance tool that is not something which will give you results right? Because again I said that's a human behavior which differs so of course scientifically pathology, which is match a a buscar. They got until match Cartagena and then of machpelah question Posada who smoked a magazine the game a Kim has an era then change and have the convenient grenade to be mentally prepared to change and have the confidence to put behind it. Up curling Jessica Chobot underlying serology constantly override. Sawalha confidence gotta get a job at Curtin confident. So I think very importantly next time I do discuss Colonel Chi here very soon with you Volga confidence, but on that note Lathan apps Aveda and The Roots and area because ugly episode hoga confidence. Give Adam a tour guide. Metcalfe Soldier are confident, huh? Um too much love will kill us today. Hi Sonia, bye-bye. And of course, thank you, sir for being on the show today. Thank you very much. I really loved it. And I'm looking forward to more of it. You just listen to Cindy unplug a Spotify original hosted by Schrute Ebola with regalia social vasile music by Rajesh Ravi sound recording mixing and Mastery by Calvin Titus. Chrushank, Das and Rajesh Ravi produced by Oxford media friends.