Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she needed and she'd have temper tantrums out of frustration. That's where Annie Sullivan comes in. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the molars in the back Helen's parents knew she needed help. So they hired Annie Sullivan to be her teacher. Annie did her best to teach Helen some words by spelling them into the palm of Helens hand. She gave Helen a doll and traced the letters d o LL the word doll into Helens Palm, but Helen didn't quite seem to and Switch or brushing to the bottom of your mouth unless your front teeth to one day and you got an idea using a water pump. She held Helens hand under the water and spelled w AE T E4 the word water over and over and over again. Finally Helen got it. Everything had a name Helen became obsessed with learning and worked hard, too. a ton of words How and learn to read using a special language called Braille she learned to write and she learned to speak. Switcher brushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth and give your tongue a brush to hello it to college. She published books and she started her own Foundation to help other people with disabilities Helen traveled to 39 countries met with world leaders and in 1964 was given a special award the presidential medal of freedom. And Annie, well, Helen and Annie remained lifelong friends and a movie was made about Annie's work called The Miracle Worker because of their determination and bravery Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan are two days Chompers heroin. That's it for Choppers today, but come back tonight for more wondrous women until then 3 2 1. Chompers is a production of gimlet media.