In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know so we brought our kitten to the office for the first time today. And so she's kind of exploring around us and underneath me right now. Is she? Yeah, it's always funny when we bring her to a new place. She always crawls out of the The bags so slowly and then but high in the air like she's on the prowl or something. Oh, she just hit her head on a pole on a c-stand on the season. So we've been very much enjoying kitten parent life me. Especially I'm obsessed. Actually. It's a really good segue into this week's topic where we're going to be talking about no distractions, one of the things that I personally noticed in terms of Of things that I benefits of getting the cat is my screen time dropped like a ton like almost in half. I went from Leah five hours a day down to like 2, which is yeah pretty amazing because one of my goals this year was to be less distracted by my phone and less distracted in general because I find once you start getting in your phone you all of a sudden he's turning to check emails and then you're getting distracted by other things and then you're not even getting your task done and the cat is a been. I think I'm just swapping screen time for cat time, but It's definitely a better because of my time here. Yeah, the cat time is definitely a better use of my time than trying to just scroll through Instagram aimlessly because it's one of those things that the phone just sucks you in where's the cat kind of sucks you in a different way where it's like, oh I need to feed it. And I need to do other proactive things that it brings a lot more joy than just like The Superficial. All right. I just need to get likes and post photos and all this other stuff. Well, I think we realized we needed to talk about this. Ocular subject because it has a huge effect on I mean not just your productivity, but how successful you are if you are constantly distracted and consumed by your phone. Not only is that taking away time from you doing the things that are important but it's also your your retraining your brain to think that what's in your phone is important. Do you know what I mean? Yes, and what you're being shown is truth and you texting people are responding to things or being on Twitter or you know what I mean being like constantly updated with what's going on in your phone and like replying to somebody right away like that is not important. No, not at all and it's funny because my best friends and I don't text like I'm not a texter we don't even text we don't text at because I just think it's it doesn't make sense as a conversation and and I hate being on my phone. I hate scrolling through like random. I don't know feeds and things like it just feels like I feel like it's not reality. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, and then it's also where you think you might be educating yourself are like I'm in the know where I'm getting news or just cutting yourself. It's true. And then this is going to sound way to like Illuminati that was with the deep voice. That's kind of hello and welcome. You like the Dynamics of the podcast if I change my voice one who gets to wear headphones you wear the headphones and it sounds amazing. And you sound like a dork. I have a beautiful voice. Hi. Did you know that I saying on kids TV show my god get back to the point. So one of the my Illuminati thing and the more important part of this conversation is that the reality is the more that you like certain things. The algorithm is going to feed you things that you like. So you're really not even getting exposed to new ideas new. Steps new things because there's a system in place to try to appeal to things that appeal to you appeal to things that try to appeal did that make sense? Yeah, and I would like to appeal against those things so I can have a better quality of life. So, you know, one of the things that I've done recently is I've been reading this book called essentialism which talks about what's actually necessary in your life. And what's not necessary in life and looking at it like really high level view of it and being brutally honest with yourself to be like actually what is it good. My time because pretty much I would say on your phone ninety-eight percent of whatever you're doing is not worth your time. Hmm, like I was even trying to edit yesterday. It felt like everyone in the world was texting emailing me. Everyone needed something else right away. Everyone had a different idea about how I should spend my time and it was so frustrating because I was like, I've literally booked this entire day and yesterday by the way to edit and I ended up spending half of yesterday doing other things. Yeah, and then I just got so frustrated that I turned off my phone. Yeah worked super productively for like two hours and then immediately had this fear that I was like missing out on something like what if someone was trying to get in touch with me what if something really important happened? Like I always have this fear that like someone's in been in a car crash and like it'll be right when I turned off my phone like I'll need like the doctor will call me to go to the hospital. But what are like the actual chances of that? Well, that's the thing. That's probably because in my life that has happened to me, so I just think that is going to happen. Yeah, but like even though it's happened to you once out of all the time, you've had your phone off. How much does that percentage actually like equate to like a very slim amount. So the reality is if you look at the statistics and the numbers is so low that you should still just keep your phone off. Yeah, keep it off also. See I'm so I'm really bad. Like I need to be having my phone off. I need to I actually need to put my phone like in another room. I didn't hide it from my ex. I've actually put my phone in our safe in our house love when you do that so that I can just concentrate and I mean the cat's changed a lot of things for me in terms of like my phone consumption and I also recognize when I'm like scrolling way quicker than I used to in the past and that just comes with like a level of I mean part of it is I think Instagram is getting a little bit more boring these days and in part of it is We need to see more of that man. That could be a whole nother episode. You think Instagram is getting boring. Well, I also think static images everything's shifting to video. So I think Instagram will become more interesting if it shifts more to a video perspective and not IG TV. Well it kind of is though like a lot of people share like the beginning of their IG TVs to their feed. Yep. So it is yeah, but I mean, I it's just a feeling it's not like an actual but it was this that's a separate topic but Yeah, Chris and I kind of have different ways of looking at using our phones like say we're out and we're like shopping for things for the office. Are you planning for to make me sound like a dingleberry? No, no. Okay go. I'm not if I'm by myself like a dingleberry races. Methodology no, no, no find Chris's philosophy and using his phone is that if it's something that takes less than 5 minutes, he should do it right away, which I don't think is wrong. I think it's good. It's how I use my phone. It's how I do a lot of things me on the other hand. I like to organize all my tasks into like little categories that Our that make the most sense. So if I need to respond to text messages, I'll respond to them all like when I can actually be thoughtful about them on the couch at home. Yeah, I want to do it all at once. I don't want to do like little things here and there because it feels like I'm not actually getting anything done that way. Yeah, so same thing with F. I have a bunch of things that I want to like research on websites say I'm looking for like a fake plant. I'm looking for like a big leafy fake plant for the office. I'm not going to like look in the store. Or on my phone. I'll be like, oh, I'll wait till I get home. I'll open my laptop and I'll do like a legitimate search. Like I'm this is the time I'm searching for the plant and I won't look again after that. Yeah, like this is my time to look for the plant. Whereas you more likely pull out your phone and be like Oh, I'll just do it right now and I think like there's good and bad things to both of those like ways of using devices and researching argue that strike while the iron's hot. Yeah and like you could just get it over with right there and then Like you could look at what I'm doing is kind of a bit of procrastinating which I don't think is entirely wrong like sometimes I am procrastinating when I do that, but at the same time like if you did everything that only took under five minutes and we've like well this has happened like we're out to spend the day together to shop for stuff and then I've noticed that pretty much the entire time were out you're walking around the store on your phone and I'm pulling you around places to show you things and not being present and I get really frustrated. I'm like, why am I here with you? I feel like I'm walking around the store alone. Loan, like I might as well just come here by myself. Yep, which is a fair. That's fair feeling. So I think there is this balance of like what if if I'm to look in hindsight at both of our habits, I would suggest that I think they're you shouldn't like you shouldn't be looking up things on your phone while you're out if it's like one thing or two things. I don't think that's a huge deal. No, well, it's meeting in the middle of like how our Eddie's work. So yeah, I think recognizing what actually can be done in five minutes. And what will give you like maybe like an Roi or because like if you did all the five minute things it's kind of like if you take all the quick phone calls that everyone wants then you get nothing done. Then you get nothing done totally. So I think getting everything done but nothing done at the same time. Yeah, and then if you also wait for everything then everything just piles up and then it just feels overwhelming and then you maybe don't even start to write. So there's I think there's a combination. I think my issue is that that it's like I'll be like, oh we should get the plant right now. But like that thing is something that could wait. Whereas maybe someone slides into your DMs for collab and that collab could like push your career forward and then you're like, oh no I need to actually do this right now, or maybe this interest will go away. So then that those are just two random case studies and you know, you can categorize things that are important in your life, but I think meeting somewhere in the middle between those like I need to be better at saying no just in general so that I can be less distracted. Bunch of stuff because also that goes to a core philosophy trying to like, please everybody and everyone happy the thing that you definitely well. I mean you can bring up things that I do if you want but I think the thing you definitely don't need to do anymore is when someone texts you respond to them right away. Yeah and you're very much like as soon as someone text you you feel like you have to get back to them like instantly which is not and that's the that's the thing. I really don't like about phones like text messaging is instant and very convenient and because you could instantly like reach that person wherever they are and let them know your message without without really bothering them in a way because of phone call like demands their time. Whereas like a text message they can look at it and be like, oh right. I do have to do that. I'll respond to them later and it's on your list of priorities. So it's like a little urgent but not quite as urgent as a phone call, but what's happened is people still think that that's something you need to respond to you right away and it and it pulls your attention away from whatever you're doing, especially if it's like a stress. Text message or something. I had yesterday where I was working with Lucas my editor and we were talking through like the creative on the video that we were currently shooting and someone texted me and it was like something that not even important at all. And then I'm like, wait. What are what are we even talking about again? And like I lost this whole like creative flow in this creative moment and all this interesting things that we were going to talk about. I was like what? Yeah like and then it's like I just I'm just trying my phone off no more world, please. Yeah. I've such like I love I love phones and I think this episode is pretty much geared towards phones unless you can think of any other ways that well we get distracted by funny. Is it feel like I have this feeling all the time and correct me if I'm wrong. And if anybody at home also feels this way, you can join our patreon in our creative Club to join in the conversations that we have on our fun little groups are the worst at plugging things, but it actually is pretty great if you don't know about our creative, Basically, like we can connect with you guys one on one. It's really intimate group of people and you guys can participate in the episodes you get exclusive extras behind the scenes stuff resets bunch of fun stuff. Oh my God, it's like so many presets you get all our latest presets you get the highest here actually has one of my prints that will mail to you. So exclusive Lizzie Pierce one-of-a-kind never Richard again kind of will never be printed again. So if you want to go take a look-see at that and if it interests you I won't bother you anymore by talking about about it. Okay. So coming back to what I was talking about there. Do you ever like go to the gym and you're like, no. Sorry I couldn't resist. Okay, do you ever go somewhere and you need to bring your phone because you need like the media or music or the music or something like that, but you don't want the text messages and the Instagram and all the other stuff that you're like, I just want it as like an iPod but because this thing can do everything I know what's going to happen is I'm going to sit on the freaking elliptical. They rode I know but then you don't maybe don't get the data and then maybe your mom isn't saved or maybe you want to listen to a podcast and you're like I want to listen to Crime drunken right now, but I can't because it's the latest episode and then download and it's not the thing and then I'm freaking text message comes in and you didn't actually even get a workout done like you're like you finish your work and you're like, oh sick. I don't even sweat. That's cool because you were texting fingers hurt tight. Yeah. So really we're just shitting on having a phone. No, we're not shooting on having a phone. It's just that it's hard to be really present with your phone and being what's the word conscious of just like how you're using it? I think you just have to set boundaries. But I mean as much as you can as I'd like you can the phone and social media is literally designed. It's just so hard. But yeah, like when you're well one thing that I did that did really help is turning off notifications. Yeah for and you can set certain Times that they'll turn off to I believe is that right. So I don't know when I've gotten X email. I don't know when someone's replied to something on Twitter or whatever because if I was sitting there getting notifications for everything then I'm going to want to check it and instead I'm really trying to set two times of the day that I check social media stuff. Yeah, and so so I have so the planner I have is called a full Focus planner and they encourage you to start a work day startup routine and a workday shutdown routine. So you can write down all the things you do to like start off your work day. Yeah, and then you kind of estimate how long it takes and I definitely overestimated how long it takes but it's good because I'll block off that like, I think I estimate it takes an hour and you sometimes it only takes me a half-hour. So then I finish it even sooner, but I know that oh it may take me an hour to get through my emails check on my YouTube stats check out my Instagram. So that's check on Twitter. Like do a quick post like get a post ready for noon do a quick tweet. You know, like I have time in the morning to do those things and same thing at the end of the day. I can come back and check how everything did or plan something for tomorrow re-evaluate because for me it's my job. So I think I need to treat it as a scheduled. Thing that I do versus something I'm checking all the time that you know someone else who is using it recreationally. What do ya and even though it's hard and sometimes like I sneak in a check like midday when I'm on eating lunch. I don't really think that's a huge deal but scheduling it helps and like I'd even noticed yesterday while I was editing. I would want to go over and like look on YouTube really quick and I'd be like no I'm checking it in two hours. Yeah. Nothing's like it'll be fine The World Won't crumble if I check it in two hours. I'm not I don't need to look at that right now. I have to like little things to add to what kind of what you're saying. They're a good philosophy to have is to like create more than you consume. So then if you want to like consume more than technically you have to create more. So please read that somewhere. I'm thinking I read it in like a medium blog post like a long time ago. That's kind of like the mentality even if it's like if you want to eat bad food, then you better work out to like compensate for it. So like if you really really want those things then Should offset it with something. That's actually really healthy for you. Yeah. All right, so that's a good mentality. And I mean it's not it's not always easy to do. So, but if you can try your best to create more than you consume, that's like that's a good why good way of either being like cool. I'm going to allow myself to be distracted or going to allow myself to consume the things that I want. But in order to do that, I need to be also having output for things for people to consume, but I think if if that's your motto, let's say you're Emma's like at first First when you said that I pictured someone like sitting in front of a computer and then making videos all the time and then uploading them and then just watching videos, you know what I mean, like a cycle of it, but I think part of and Chris and I actually did a talk about this part of creating is actually living life. Yep, because what the hell are you going to make if you you know, what can you make that actually has legitimate feelings and emotions and like something to say if you haven't lived it if you haven't come to that conclusion yourself. And that's why so many videos especially from and I'm not saying this is everyone but I'm just saying if you're really really young and you're making like an amazing video a lot of them. Don't say anything you're not actually like it's got great transitions. Like it's the execution is great. Yeah, but it's not saying anything. There's no story. There's no emotion. It's not it's a pretty video, but it doesn't you're not getting any point across, you know what I mean? Yeah a hundred percent so creating isn't just oh I'm going to make this sick travel Drone footage and add all these cool Transitions and color corrected and make sure it's like technically perfect it's putting a lot of effort into that story and like being an artist is emotional and connecting and living it and so if if that's what you want to do and you want to make something that means something then Have to put your phone down. You have to lock it in the safe. You have to actually go out and live your life take, you know, do the things that scare you and then pay attention to how you feel in those moments and think of ways that you can like share how you feel or like create a community around it. You know, it's you so like we're just it it almost frustrates me because it feels like there are all these things that are benefiting us, but that also all these things that are in the way of people well actually being able to like live fulfilling lives is weird because the phone ends up becoming this like weird ball and chain almost. Yeah. I know so many people that I was really close with like close friends growing up. Yeah, and it's funny because my job is social media, but I feel like I'm less distracted by it than they are. Yeah, like they're in this constant stage of consuming the information. Getting influenced by it and because I literally study it and so do you I can take everything with a grain of salt and I understand I'm like I know what that person's doing. I know what that companies doing. They're trying to appeal to me to do XYZ cognized and I can recognize it and I know when to step back but so many people and especially like young people teenagers growing up. It's like this would be so hard like I think about growing up. Up now and I mean, we just blew pretty much just had Facebook when we were teenagers. Yeah, and that was damaging enough for me and MSN that was damaging enough to constantly have to see edited photos of other people even people I knew and we're just talking about like feeling self-conscious and having it affect your self-esteem. Like it's really damaging what what it can do and especially like you see now with facetune and and like young girls wearing so much. I don't know I'm getting off topic but it's just like let's just finish the the train of thought for a second. I remember I was talking to somebody and they said that they're like 14 year old daughter literally got all dressed up. She got all dressed up to literally go to a party to take the single photo and then they left so that she could say she was at the party and I was like, that's that's bad. That's messed up. That's fucked up. Yeah, it's fucked up. Yeah, and I remember it being really important when we went to To put together Facebook albums of events like semi-formals and things in high school and it being really important to post like a full album of that and get tons of photos and whatever and like that was the result. Yeah, and so immediately after event like after an event the next day it would be okay download all the photos off my point and shoot like upload them come up with a cute title like at all the captions and then you knew everyone was going to go through it. Because I don't know it was just it's like it was a nice thing to have like those memories are now looking back like they are just memories, but I remember at the time it being so important, you know, well, I also think people are craving time away from their phones like this is why topics like this or like super relevant? Yeah. I need a post on Facebook. Sorry. I did a post on Instagram where I was like, it was like one of those like little Cottages in the middle of nowhere Ozark one of my goals this year is to just be off the grid and being a cottage and everyone's like, oh me too. May the say Same same same over here, but like you and I have talked about this and we want to book a weekend somewhere and like leave our phones in the car. Yeah. Abbott have no have it have have the place have no Wi-fi whatsoever. We don't bring computers. We are debating whether even to bring a camera because I like the idea of like I find it really relaxing to take some of my self portraits because it's like a quiet thing that I can do. I'm very much artistic. Sick. Yeah, it's yeah, it's it's fun. It's just pure fun for me. And especially when you're doing something on your own there's no opportunity for like disagreements or anything. You know, you're just working with yourself. So can you get in a fight with yourself? So it's nice. So we're kind of debating whether or not to bring cameras, but same thing this is actually good not just phones like sometimes I think you find your camera distracting almost like when you have your camera Murrah with you when we're going out like Chris is personality versus mine. Chris is very like let's get it right now. Let's go. I have these great ideas. Like let's go do it which is great. Like you have awesome energy, but one more out and you have your camera. I feel like you you you almost like show it to the camera to take photos of everything now that you have it. Do you know what I mean? I think it's just I have this anxiety of running out of content and is that it and then I and then I'm like oh, but the A part is is I have too much of it. Now that I don't even edit the stuff. I've shot. Sometimes I see you taking photos and I'm like is he really going to you? I'm like, maybe we'll I don't know part of it too is like you have these like happy accidents happy accidents and you're surprised and you're like, I'm glad I brought it and like I'm glad at that moment happened. And yeah, so there's definitely like two sides to the coin. There were one is like we had one day when we were in Switzerland where we didn't bring our cameras and we had like a beautiful day. We didn't just like we shot with our phones and stuff like that. Where are ya and then there's other days where we brought our cameras and we also had a really fun day shooting videos so, you know to each their own but the day that we didn't have our cameras and we were purposeful was also a really nice day. Hmm. Well, those are my favorite. Yeah, I think it was a probably our favorite part of the trip was when we just walked around Lucerne like just with our phones. I mean, I love the fact that when we go to a location where we're traveling we almost have purpose in taking photos makes me appreciate the location more it gives us To do this is something to do. Yeah, we can stay at a beautiful Lookout spot for like an hour or two. Just taking photos where someone else would go up go all the way to the place which may take them like an hour or two hours. They look at it for like 20 minutes to like cool and then they leave so that side of photography. I do really love but it's it's so nice when we go out just the two of us without cameras even without phones when we can or I It's like or we only bring one phone for the sake of directions for example, and it's funny because it like in my mind. Yeah, I want to say that it's almost like I remember what it was like before we did this. Yeah, and I'm like, oh, I'm like a normal person. Like that's how I picture like that's how I think of us when we go out with that old cameras. I'm like, oh we're being like normal people because when we have our cameras like we can be really obnoxious. I'm like, yeah, let's get this puddle. At this photo and like people are staring at us and the street and the street and like we're splashing things and like, you know, it's like just blend in a little bit, you know Instagram accounts for they make fun of Instagram people. I like I've secretly feel like we've probably ended up on one of those it somehow my God. Yes, I'm filming from a distance and I was like fucking shit again the water. Yeah, like the most beautiful place in the world. Like, what are you doing? But I think if we but the thing is when we don't bring our cameras and we only bring one phone for Example you how much money we end up spending that day. I know like we go. We'd like I guess we like spending money. We like shopping. I love shopping but you love shopping too though. So I feel like that's what we end up doing like, yeah we go and we look around like will go to museums or what that I'm talking about specifically when we're traveling but usually yeah, we'll have like really nice meals will have wine a couple times then we'll go shopping and then like we get distracted. Goodbye Life when we're done. Oh my God, all the things we could do with like look let's let's do all of this today and it ends up being like a really fun day, but I'm like, holy crap. We spent so much money so worth it though. So what are you some of your takeaways or some of the other things that you feel in a world where or full of distractions how do you how do you get back to a place where you're either feeling content creative not feeling distracted. Thank you. A lot of this comes with being Self-aware. Yeah and knowing my number one, that's number one. And if you don't consider yourself to be very self-aware then make it an exercise for yourself. Maybe every day to evaluate how you were feeling. What made you feel like Sway and maybe do the Enneagram test and the we talked about that in our last episode so go back and listen to that one and then you'll know what that is to know more about yourself and How certain things like social media make you feel or having your phone around, you know make you feel and how productive it makes you is it affecting your self-esteem your self-worth imposter syndrome all of those things and although it's it's pretty much impossible to not use it now, like you'll be cut off at this point from a big portion of what's happening in the world. World, yeah information people connections news, you know, you kind of need it to stay up-to-date even with your close friend group, but there are ways that you can limit your exposure to it. Yeah to keep you a happy person to keep you a productive person and to take the best parts about social media make it work for you. It's inevitable that sometimes you get a little sucked in but that's why having that. Awareness is so important because you can go. Hey, I'm feeling like really down and lethargic. Maybe it was that hour or two. I was scrolling on Instagram doing shit all yeah, you know, I also don't beat yourself up if you have good days and bad days and you know, it's not like a One-Stop fix. Okay now that I'm self-aware about it. I'll never get consumed by it. Like, you know you well I have days where like I am like so in control of like my usage and then other days, I'm like what? What happened? Like I wasted the day doing nothing. Yeah, and it's mostly when I'm like probably being sad or depressed or stressed or overworked that I really like dive into it and to like get real we're talking about like the Enneagram. So like I definitely know like my personality type is that I always want to try to make people happy and I need to be like liked by people and like when I became aware of that and be like, oh maybe I just don't need this like validation from like a post or a like or Comment or something like that and like all those things make me feel good and on a good day if something performs while but this is sick. I have a nice little boost of energy, but I'm not gonna like harness my self-worth and constantly checking social media because that's not getting distracted by your phone. That's you getting distracted by your insecurities you This isn't so much about being distracted really but it's important for you to know your personality type again. So you understand and I'm just talking about like being happy like how to be happy and be productive and get your work done. You need to know what motivates you and what habits you have that put you into those ruts and everyone has this kind of damaging thought cycle. Point about something and for you it was you know doing the Enneagram test. Basically the Enneagram test is you answer a series of questions and it tells you you're one of like nine personality types. Yeah and Chris found that super helpful because now he really understands his motivations behind everything and for me the Enneagram test was helpful, but for me it was Probably when I started working with psychologists that I realized some of the things that I was doing and the damaging thoughts. I was having to myself and well I also have mild OCD. I'm pretty sure like a lot of people in the world have mild OCD and I don't think that's like I'm not going around switching, you know lights on and off thinking that I mean if someone does do that, I'm not hating on you. I'm just saying that snow that but that's how that's not how people understand OCD is They're like, oh I've heard it's about people who watches my hands 20 times a day. No, you know, there's a spectrum of that you have certain kind of compulsions that you develop and like one is checking. For example, I liked I check things all the time to make sure that it's okay or it's the way that it was supposed to be and I can be anything back to what we were talking about before that. You want to check your phone just in case maybe I'm getting a call or a text about because it's related back to Xiety from here as well else. So if that's something you guys want to hear more about we can talk about that in a later episode. Let us know in the description or DMS on Instagram or join our creative club and we can talk about that more. But yeah, it it helped me know what my triggers are. Yeah and what to avoid and but not even like you can't totally stay away from those things. But also how you treat those events when they do happen. Yeah and knowing that oh It's not important that shouldn't upset me. You know what I mean? Yeah, I mean as cheesy as it sounds there's a lot of like inner work that you have to do before you realize that it's not the phone that is distracting you that it's really probably like your anxiety. It's something else. Yeah that you're trying to scratch or you're trying to get forget what so for me in to some that is you're looking for a distraction. Yeah, and that's fine like sometimes like we choose sometimes were like, you know what we're going to pick a garbage show to watch. We're both just going to consume some shows and go shopping and that's cool because we've decided to do that. Oh my God, Chris walked in on me. Was it? No not last night two nights ago and I was watching the treasures Netflix show ever sick. I just like to shut my brain off sometimes sometimes I don't normally watch these shows. I'm talking like maybe once a year. I watched something like this and it and you were like we have to find out if John is gonna propose. It was one of those really stupid dating shows were like, It was it's like dating so they can talk to each other and they supposedly like fall in love with each other by just talking and they don't see what the other one looks like, but they only get to that was my stomach it crumbled, but they only get to see each other when one of them proposes to the other then they have to get married on the show and it's just so ridiculous. It's over day. There's also like there's not an ugly person on the show too. So that's good. Well, I don't know it was that one guy, okay. There's no one that's like horrid looking so like for me if there was a gremlin on the show, it would make it more interesting. Yeah true because then it's like totally it could be like, ooh, it's about anyways, who's gonna get the ugly one? No, whack-a-mole. No, yeah, so that's a good example. I just wanted something totally mindless because normally we watch like I don't really like watching comedies or I'm picky about the comedy side want they have to be really good. But if it's only like Seth Rogen comedy have Seth Rogen, I'm gonna like it and that's about it. Yeah, I'm surprised. Okay. This is a complete tangent, but it's kind of funny every time Seth Rogen's like wearing a suit. This is like Seth Rogen looks good. Oh, he's like I'm like, wait what? Yeah, unless his sister is I was like, is he working out? You work out where this role? It's like what is this Charlize Theron in that one movie I know and you know, she's a cat. She's a queen. So I just imagine that I'm her in that situation. Okay, and also if I've been IV president states which would be weird, but honestly that be an upgrade just okay? Okay, but I was talking about something else. Oh, yeah, so normally we don't really Companies like we don't watch a lot of light-hearted things. We watch like Thrillers or I think it's time for real. Yeah, like I wanted it's weird to distract ourselves from like the realities of the world. But yeah, like, okay. Well, I went to the complete Other Extreme or I mean in a lot of the fiction I watch actually I like a lot of TV, so I'm not going to generalize it but I do love horror movies, but usually I'll gravitate towards something serious like a Drama a thriller same with books. We only like nonfiction. Yeah, I only like, oh, do you have you decided you only like nonfiction too much. I mean you kind of like some fiction, but mostly I think you read nonfiction. I don't I haven't read it fiction and I don't know since I was a teenager maybe yeah, there was a there was a quote that I heard in one of Macklemore songs like recently because it started listening to like the heist album again and like one of the rap lyrics was I need to find a better way. Steady getting out of bed and checking it and checking on a new hit again is one of like the lyrics and I like related to that so much because sometimes I feel like I like wake up and I'm like first things first. I need to like have a validation on how's my video doing? Yeah my legs. It's bad. It's like in like again. That's like another thing that you're distracted by some other something else other than your phone because the phone is just a means to get to the thing that you want. Right? Because there's so many like productive things. You don't need a thousand apps. I T there's I probably use like six apps on my phone and everything else is just like complete garbage or a waste of time. So like I would highly recommend reading the book essentialism. It's been really helpful for me to learn how to say no to things too because I think you get distracted also by taking on too much and then by taking on all these things your you don't even know how to get to like the core things that you want to get done and then you're just constantly distracted by all right. I got to do this now I got to do this and also you can be I find being bored like allowing yourself to be poor like not just being like distracted for because you like. Oh, I have a free moment. I can just sit at the doctor's office while awaiting be on my phone. Like why don't you just be bored or want you talk to somebody because like that will open up so much more in your life happiness in your life. I'd like a real core value. So those are some of my tips like every time I go to a spa with you. Yeah, and we have an opportunity to sit in a steam room or something or sit in a hot tub or like even when we're at home and I'm like, I'm going to take a bath. Yeah, and I'm in the room by myself and I put on like nice candles and it's dim lighting and I'm not watching a show. I'm just sitting there. That's when I come up like I'll leave and I'll have two or three really good ideas. Yeah for the next pieces of the next few pieces of content that I want to make the who was it who's the famous director the really really big one? I'm not shoveling not Ron Howard the one that did. Okay, whatever. It doesn't matter ET o Spielberg. Yes. So Spielberg Spielberg used to say that he came up with his The idea is when he was driving. So like yeah he would do is you just like driving aimlessly and he liked that sensation and like that sensory input from like all over the place would generally trigger things for him to be most creative. So, you know, he would pretty much like he wouldn't consume his mind and his what is it the prefrontal cortex with like things that just don't matter. So like rather than being bored. You're letting your subconscious come to the front of your mind and that's how you come up with like great ideas and have breakthroughs. Crews and it's the same when you take a shower. It's the same that if you fully let yourself just be bored and do nothing or go for a walk. Oh my God, you'll be so inspired because you're not just doing things. You're you're like, you know, what you're doing is doing nothing. It's so hard to come up with an idea when you're sitting there and going and you think of an idea I need to think of an idea. That's the worst good. That's why creative sessions are like generally not that good and less people are going to like improv in that group. There's someone I really want to have on the podcast. Josh Seth Rogen no. Oh my God. I mean, yeah, that'd be great. But doe that what's Josh's full name? Why would you do that? Okay, I'm sorry. Why would you do that to me? I wanted to share something and I'll look it up. Okay, he goes by the creative coach. So there's Josh also known as the creative coach there. I know but that's not his can you just talk about something so I can look up his last name? Because now I feel embarrassed. Okay. I mean, so there's this one segment on this one show called crime junkie called prophet of the month and I absolutely hate it, but I'm sitting here Zimmerman playing with my cat. Let me finish my Segment know so I'm playing with my cat right now and I kind of understand why they want so we could have like a Luna segment of the month. Where right now if you join you join the creative Club, you can get exclusive pics of Luna out as she's nibbling on my hand while I'm talking to you right now and that's a pretty great thing because she's a two month old kitten and she's cute as fuck and we're back. So Josh Zimmerman goes by the Creator coach on in Instagram and here's his bio is officially the first ever life coach dedicated to creators and burn out. So he actually did a talk when I was at when I was speaking at creators offline. And are you really taking a picture of you with Luna while I'm talking to you? Yeah, I'm listening. Keep going. This is no George. This is literally what we're talking about right now. You're getting distracted getting distracted. I said on the second. Hey, thank you for having us. I was throwing our It's okay. So e talks about how your body literally can you stop don't do he's making faces at me while I'm talking. I'm so I'm doing the interested face. Keep going. You want to hear what I'm saying is this is matter to you. Yes. Thank divorce lawyers. Listen so much drama, you know when she hits the ground. So George Zimmerman Creator coach. He talks about how your body literally when you're stressed chemically stops you from coming up with good ideas. Like it puts you essentially into kind of a fight or flight. Yeah, and it Totally it literally activates. I'm going to do a really shitty job at explaining this because I want to have him on and like talk about this in more depth. Yep, but long story short the creative side of your brain gets shut off and the other side of your brain that's about survival gets turned on and that's literally all you're able to do. So when you're stressed out you're like I need to think about a good idea. I need to think of a good idea that creative side of your brain. Done. Is that what it is? It's a little toot. It's out the door. Are you interested in what I talk about? Okay, I'm were trying to have some fun on this show if it's all I'm serious serious serious and then you're like, I'm serious serious serious and then I go. Oh my God, here's Fred more theories, but you to add some value to this podcast my God. That was Savage. Wow. I'm just making it more interesting for our listeners. How is not what is I was just trying to make it fun? What is this person that I'm with a small little stabby make stabbed stabbed over here. Oh, you guys wanna see my back? It's covered in stabs the fuck because you're stabbing me with your heart. Okay. So anyways, I feel like like look very beginning. Just try it on the podcast about distractions interception intercept. Inception Inception, okay Anyways, I think that basically sums up our feelings on distraction is really really come back from that really it comes down to a lot of like core core fears and core values. So if you can try to find a way to be aware of like what's triggering you if you can find ways to pay attention to your personality type and there's a probably a good chance that you can find a way to take distractions out of your life. I think the power saying no is extremely strong too. That's something I struggle with on like a daily basis. Yeah, it's like if someone's like oh, I don't want to grab a cup of coffee because I'm only in town for a day and I'm like, okay, let's do it. But sometimes things come up and you have to do them. I know but I think it try scheduling those things that distract you into your day and see I mean if there are distractions that you need to have once in a while, you know what I mean? If it's unavoidable like checking social media. Yep, then yeah schedule them into your day. So Like, oh I have this time that I can do this. I can like scroll on Instagram for this amount of time. Yeah, and then you're not depriving yourself of that. You're allowing yourself a set amount of time to do it and also setting the timer on your phone for using certain apps. Yeah, that's been really helpful, but you have to actually listen to it and not ignore it like I do sometimes yeah. I also one thing that we've been doing on the YouTube channel specifically between Lucas's I Lucas and I we've been Lucas is Chris's editor. Yeah, we've been tracking like our days and so we build a calendar and then we actually like reflect on the at the end of the day being like, all right, did we actually get the desk built in an hour and a half or did it take three hours like so that we know how long things actually take and it always fluctuates. But sometimes are they taking longer than you thought? No. Luke is actually pretty spot-on in terms of timing for things. I'm the I'm the person that he's not even like give Himself more time like he's pretty much always spot on with how long things take. Whereas I'm the person that's like it should only take like an hour an hour and it doesn't take an hour. It takes five. Yeah, just like I can sometimes just be so bad and there's other times where I do not like I get it right but I would say it's not your Forte which is good that you're working with Lucas because even with you and I like I've noticed that you're not great at estimating how long things are going to take know which is why I build the schedules but it's fine like you also are really good at other things you know that's those things I would love to be validated right now on the moment on the snow we're talking about how great Lucas's no this is my podcast but I mean the subject of this podcast isn't really your Forte I know this having fun like which is also acknowledged that it's our podcast I was just being sassy in the moment oh I don't I didn't even notice so I pay attention to those things because for a while there that's the thing you know self-awareness and of crediting people it's very important if you guys enjoyed this episode please make sure that you leave a comment on whatever you're listening yes a review The comments to chill I would like something a bit more thoughtful. If you can that would really help us with the podcast because Chris and I have a podcast producer and we have an audio engineer and we're doing this. It's completely self-funded along with some contributions from our creative club members, which we really appreciate if you don't know about a creative Club, you can check that out in the show notes and and it gives you a lot of I don't know like really you get a lot of behind-the-scenes content on the podcast itself. You get a lot of presets. Are you opening it? Right now? We can read off individual things. Well, I was also we got some questions we posted to our group finished tell everybody what they get. So some of the other things that you can get our exclusive photos that Lizzie and I post we're also posting itself own backgrounds. At computer backgrounds you get oh my God, there's so many things. I can never remember all of them you get lots of stuff and also you get to communicate with us and help answer like we do this couple of cute segment which were about to do right now. Yep, specifically if you go to patreon.com backslash a couple of creatives podcast, you can look through the different tiers and find the one that suits you best at starts anywhere from $2 all the way up to around 20 dollars your contribution helps fund. Everybody that works on this podcast listening. I do not take any payments for this. This is our chance to give back to the community that has helped us. So if you guys can show Church go and check that out. Also, you don't have to join if you just enjoy the podcast it's always going to be free but there are some exclusive episodes that those people in the community exclusively get so like if you if you're not pleased that you only get two of these a month then you get a whole extra episode. Dang. That's one more person. I get so now it's time for a couple of cues. So our creative club members have asked us a few questions. I have three. How many do you have? I think I also have three. Okay, so might be the same three. We're looking at these ones. Yes. Okay. So first one is from 80 I'm sorry, if I'm saying your name wrong 80 Mick MC a DMC. Okay. What was what was the hardest thing for you both after uni career-wise and couple wise for me it was like the anxiety of having to prove to the world that I could build like a successful company and try to just even make money at it. Like when I first started I'll just say the numbers because it's I think it's important. Here. Yeah, when I like first started the company I made like 10 grand the first year. I was still in University. I think the my actual first year out of school. I only made like 30 grand which is like not it's fine as a freelancer, but it like I was still living at home and like it wasn't a lot of money and that kind of like stress me out a lot. So I was like, I'll go really Thrifty person and I always just was like had fear that I didn't know if I could make a full-time career out of it because especially We around that time. I had a lot of friends who were in engineering and like their first jobs and like the first things they did like they got like six figure incomes like right out of school. Like you're under estimating. I feel like you were making more than that. Well like my actual first year. I only made that made way more following years. But like that was something that like out of school when I first started like I was struggling those initial months to just make like I'd be stoked if I made like Four hundred dollars in a week. Yeah, I mean and like that's that's not that much money. Yeah, and I remember like you would wake up. And you would want to hop out of bed right at like 6:00 or 7:00 in the morning or something. Yeah, and it would be like Saturday and I'd be like I came all the way. Well you were still living at your parents house. Maybe like I came all the way to Aurora to spend time with you. What are you doing hopping out of bed at 6:00 a.m. I thought we were going to spend time together. Yeah, so that was and you didn't really you didn't know yourself. Well enough to know that that was happening. No, and I think I had to pry it out of you. So that was a little challenging but we you know talking about it. Help it what what helped a lot but it wasn't a huge at least in our relationship. It wasn't a big conflict. No, it wasn't that big. I just I was I think what it represented as I wanted to serve you well as like a boyfriend at the time who you know wanted to treat you well, and because I was making even well, I was like your think about it like when I met your parents like money is a priority to them, right? So like I had a fear that like maybe that they had ingrained that into you so And you know that also comes from just like being able to communicate because that mean Communication in general, you know, those early stages of relationship was still like I only like really feel like every year. I'm like why we break barriers in terms of how we like work and communicate together where I was working at the restaurant. I think I only made like 12,000 a year. Yeah, which is crazy. I mean your student though. So like didn't ya and my parents were helping me out. So I wasn't too concerned until yeah, I graduated but I had a job pretty quickly. Yeah, but my salary was about 35,000. Yeah, but again, I still couldn't really pay my rent with that and live in Toronto. It's so expensive. So those are some of the things that we struggle with and I'm like also another thing that I struggled with from my career standpoint is like I also just didn't really know what I was doing. Like I never had like I started a business. I never really went anywhere. So I never had like any framework of like how to do certain things or how to grow a company. I think I thought I did because I had an ego and I would thought I was like cool but the reality is like I struggled a lot with finding my way and finding ways of making like I could make money but I just didn't know how to like scale it or build a proper business and I was very proud of starting my own business. But the reality is I was just a freelancer. Yeah. career-wise after University probably the hardest it's That's a hard one to answer. I think when I got that job at the production company and then I realized I didn't like it. I was very conflicted and I was really disappointed that. It wasn't what I thought. Yep. It didn't make sense. Mainly it wasn't wasn't the job itself. I was doing I I've been pretty open about how my boss was really frustrating. But what I really didn't understand was the lack of flexibility. Yeah in terms of hours and in terms of vacation time because I was just like if I'm getting the work done, what does it matter? Yeah, you know, but then if you're efficient someone in that position just wants you to do more work. Yeah, so it I and when you start somewhere you only get two weeks vacation yeah in a year yeah that wasn't going to work for me I really wanted to travel how am I supposed to travel with two weeks and there's I have a I had a whole list of places I still have a whole list of place I wanted to go to that didn't fit my life plan no and so not what I felt like I felt trapped yeah and that's kind of when so when I realized I didn't want to work there anymore I kind of gave myself an ultimatum I said okay well the minimum amount of time I need to stay here is probably a year year and a half you know to put it on my resume if I go look somewhere else or for something else more flexible than that's that's what I have to do and I'll just have to grin and bear it you know and so that's what I did but it was really it was stressful and oh no quitting that job quitting that job and then save that for another story oh that's a yeah okay maybe that'll be an entire Podcasts because I've done videos about it, but I can pluck guys like about quitting your job. Yeah how to quit your job. I had to quit your job and start a new career. What do we think couple wise really quick? It was the hardest thing after we graduated. Probably just like time together. I'm sorry. Did you guys hear that? I'm a little hungry. Like I live really far away. Like I mean, we always made it work. Okay. I mean maybe not time together. I don't know if that's true. I think it was hard when I was working full-time and you like at the production company you weren't. Yeah. I was traveling a lot too. Yeah. It was like we were kind of on different schedules a little bit and We're in different places kind of yeah, those it but it wasn't hard like it's never been hard for us to be together. So yeah Will cycle back that another time. There's nothing that's like pressing. That was like, I remember Mike special happened. Yeah next question. If for some reason you aren't doing what you're doing. Now as far as your career, what would you be doing just answer the career because I actually have to go get my back cracked and I'm like super super late. So just like what would you want to be doing? I'll answer first. I would pay a mechanical engineer. It has to be something completely different. Yeah, I'll elaborate maybe maybe I'd be a pilot you be a great pilot pilot or I was bad in science. Can't be a dermatologist would be pilot Lizzie. Yeah, probably be a pilot. That sounds cool. Like that. Well operate those again in the future. Okay. What attracted you to this area of work? Oh that's have to one. I mean, okay, I can give you a core reason. I'm like, I don't think we knew this was an area of work. Yeah one was creativity. Definitely. I always wanted to make sure that I was like I was a musician before I liked creating something out of nothing. Yeah. So for me it was everybody also crawling on Christmas told her right now. He's really trying to concentrate. Oh boy, and for me, I always wanted the chance to go and constantly be creating things TV as a Most obviously very important to our societies like amongst our friends growing up in high school. So I think I've gravitated towards working in a field where people respected that and like liked it and like I like television show you work in television like that sounds so interesting. That's cool. That's cool son. So and then I think at a very core core thing is I probably had a fear of not being liked which probably came from like a lot of problems. So I think in television I had the opportunity to be liked by a lot of people so that's why maybe Be I went towards it and then I just built the skillset and so looking back on it. Now where I am, I love our career because we're constantly doing something new every day. It'll gives us the means to travel. We have the ability to have, you know, a story to tell that has impact and we can do to get things. So I'm really excited about where we've been and now that I can address my core fears. I understand what what it is. I think when you're choosing any job, you definitely need to think about what it is you like and from For both of us. I think it was we loved we want you we knew we wanted to do something creative and initially like I thought I wanted to be a musician then I thought I wanted to be an actor. I thought I wanted to be on stage and then I kind of realized. Okay. What is it that's going to be realistic that I'll enjoy that will make me money B and you know fulfill the lifestyle. I want where I can travel where I can choose my own hours where I can. You know scale my business. So with all of those things together, that's kind of what brought us to where we are now, but it's not something like when we were little we were like L&B you creative YouTubers content creators. That's not really that that's the number one career choice in America right now in America are like North America or just like in the u.s. Like in North America. Oh, it's like when they ask kids what you want to be when you're older. They all say YouTubers the number one career choice and everybody wants cared. Yeah, and I think in China, it's like astronaut or something that makes its way different. Don't bear Z embarrassing. Okay. It's a good Christmas to go get cracked guys. So thank you guys so much for listening. Please leave us a review. Please check out the creative club and tell your friends. Tell your mom share the potty on the the Graham and usually we repost them. Thank you guys so much and we'll talk to you. This summer as you peers Chris, how do you know how peers and okay so many people have just skipped at this point. It's I can hear everyone stomping the record all my God.