Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look over this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I feel like it's gonna connect with me and Mama. Oh mamajama. Did this one slice up the hammer. This album was released under Island Records. It's the fifth studio album by English alternative rock artists Polly Gene Harvey, but also known as PJ Harvey she was born in Bridgeport Dorset England. It's where I grew up. That's right outside of Washington DC right right off to 70. T she was born there in 69 and she grew up in her family's Farm her parents were Avid music fans with an extensive record collection that helped shape Harvey's music. She also was inspired by Ian Stewart Who Was a Rolling Stones keyboardist and close family friend and frequent visitor of the Harvey home Harvey began her professional career in 88 when she joined a local band, but in 91, she left the band with two other members drummer and backing Rob Ellis and basis Ian Oliver together the three of those people formed what is now called PJ Harvey with PJ on guitar and lead vocals. The trio recorded demos that got them signed an independent label to pure and within a year. They were critical success Rolling Stone even named PJ songwriter the Year and best new female singer. These accolades got the attention of Island Records who signed the trio however friction with the other two members. Oversaw the group breakup and PJ kept the name as a solo artist. Thank God because that would be weird if she had to change. My new name is could do quiche looky will happen to PJ. I'm now known as Kadesh Loki her first solo album 1995's to bring you. My love was wildly successful and after several more successful albums and collaborations PJ decided to pursue other artistic Ventures. She spent some time in New York acting in the 1998 how Hartley movie The Book of Life With the urban environment inspired several of her future songs, although she insisted that stories from the stadi stories from the see. This is so hard to say stories from the city snoring. This is like a vocal warm up. If you're an acting class. I got a big audition. So he's from the city stories from the Sea Stories from the city stores in the sea stars in the sea. So it's the I can't tell it. I my God, I'm um, I'm just been paying all this money for acting classes. What am I doing? Basically what he's trying to say is this record isn't about New York, even though everything about it says new. York the Fuller prettier and more sophisticated Sound Of This Record compared to the much darker unsettling moments of her previous ones was deliberate as she said I want this album to sing and fly and be full of Reverb and Lush layers of Melody. I wanted to be my beautiful Sumptuous lovely piece of work dude. I know use Sumptuous enough, but it's getting into the fucking repertoire. I'll tell you that much player. This is her most commercial record. This sold over a Million copies it earned her put a Grammy and a Brit award nomination and a 2001 made her the first female solo artist to win the prestigious Mercury music prize, which I am obsessed with what you'll hear us talk about later in the Pod. She followed that up with four more albums lots of collaborations and a bunch of different artistic shit. In fact in 2001. She won the Mercury music prize again for her a studio record. Let England Shake making her the wards. Most successful artist dude. She's beaten out like Radiohead. She's beaten that Badly Drawn boy. She's beating out Massive Attack. She hasn't beaten out my guest today. And I know I say this a lot but this is one of my favorite people in the whole entire wide world. It's Mary Lynn Rajskub. And guess what guys in this moment. I figured out how to say your last name because it's spelled like it's it's about kind of could do Glee. You know what I'm saying? I love her to death. I'm teasing. I've known Mary Lynn for a long time. She honest-to-god is The funniest people one of the sweetest people I've ever met in my life and has a gym out in like the valley that I worked out with her and she kills it high intensity interval training. It's all her you might know Mary Lynn as being one of the extremely funny actors on mr. Show with Bob and David one of my favorite shows. She was on 24 punched on glove a million other things. She's got an incredible podcast called checking in with Mary Lynn and in later parts of this year. You can see her in the brand new movie The Tomorrow Wars. I think she was in night school. She's in everything great episode great. Guess I'm so excited. You guys get to hear this one because I had a lot of fun doing it Rave review and most importantly subscribe to the 500 and listen free on Spotify. Follow me at Josh out of Myers on all social media email the podcast at 500 podcast at gmail.com. And for all things five zero zero go to our website the 500 podcast.com. So home is Could do beliefs bublé's nothing left to say but here we go with number four Thirty One out of five zero zero with stories from the Citibank Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing gong stories from the sea Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing Jing, but PJ, huh Avi. For the first time in the history of the 500 not only did you join in but you were on that energetic level. We were in a full prism of light and hope I wanted to get you on this for a while and I showed you the list and you were like, ooh, PJ Harvey why Pete? Harvey like what is your connection to PJ? Like how did you get into her? The thing is? There's no getting around her the womanness like you can't divorce that. She's a singular woman at the time. I was I saw her in the 90s in Detroit at st. Andrews Hall and this is before you moved the Hollywood. Yeah. Wow, you know I was thinking about it in the car on the way over here. I really It's still new to music. I was very much like growing up in Detroit. I really liked soft rock. I really like top 40 no Motown a lot of Motown. It's like as you're born as you come out of the womb. It's okay just play it's a beautiful tons of Motown, but that Detroit radio. I had no problems. I had no questions. I had no no angst my mom had a lot of you. No, Barbra, Streisand Barry Manilow Neil Diamond and in high school. I was just starting to get acclimated to like a Pink Floyd. You know, I had a friend who was into Suzie Suh cocteau twins, but that was like Beyond me but I was aware and I knew it was like stirring something inside of me. I had just been in to David Bowie and so and even going to clubs was a new thing right? I was only like 19. I think I moved to LA and I was like 25, but Yeah, I I wasn't I wasn't even really comfortable going to the club. You know, I kind of had I was not a riot grrrl, even though like by the time in the 90s, I'd Jimmy stroke. No, it's just okay. I'm okay. I definitely bars and right girl. That's how you say it. Have you only seen it in print because I'm saying it correctly. Thank you. So but I definitely had the exterior that people assumed that like I'm cool but I was not cool is my Point in saying giving you the ramp up to it. So I go to st. Andrews invited by a friend and I just remember seeing her on stage and just like what like what the fuck is happening. It was so piercing and so singular and so growly and I wish I could say that like it did speak to me but it also was very button-pushing for me. You know, there's a little bit like what is she what? She think she's doing you know, it was a definite it would it would take me years to uncover the anger that lay dormant inside of me. But I Richard Attenborough we see Jesus, but that was the beginning of seeing someone. You know what I mentioned like the Suzie Suh, because my friend was into her like like the most punk I got was I mean, I had a boyfriend who was in a Sex Pistols and like you to was like the the edgiest you know what I mean? And so I've seen PJ Harvey going Wait, what is happening? Because it was such a Yelp and such a Fu and like come closer but go away and such a raw emotion, but yet still remained controlled with intellect and all that translates immediately. Even if I couldn't articulate it and her music is kind of like you don't want to listen to it, but you have to listen to it. So it's like both things at once all the time. Where you're like it, can I sing along with us? Oh, no, fuck me. Okay. Got it. No problem. Like, you know, it's like ghosts and within one phrase to I get you. I'm I'm feeling it and then like, oh, I'm the problem and wow. Yeah, I just had never seen anything like that and it was almost too too much for me. Yeah. Well, I think that's I think for you. It's I mean you're seeing her at what 19? Yeah, and I have not listened to any of her music prior to this the only real experience I had with PJ Harvey was Juliette Lewis covered hardly wait on the soundtrack to Strange Days and I love that I love I loved it. I just remember watching Juliet like like, you know crawl around and do the sexy dancing and the song is just so powerful even though it's like three chords. And so I kept seeing PJ Harvey's name pop up throughout the dives into British musicians that of my obsessions like Radiohead and Gomez and The Verve and basic and all Badly Drawn boy and and there was an award that's given out in England called the Mercury music prize and it's everybody that's wanted. I've like I've been assessed with Gomez's want it badly drawn boy Roni size. Alt-J and PJ Harvey won it twice and for this album that we're talking about which is album 431 out of 500 the fifth studio album stories from the city stories from the Sea by PJ Harvey released on October 23 2000 produced by Rob Ellis, Mick Harvey npj. So I for some reason is she just never made her way in. My ears, I just would see her name. I'd see her image just much like yeah said it was like it looked like she was she's like this. I don't want to say oddly attractive. Yes, shoot, her looks are not like oh my God, she's gorgeous. But there's something like that rubs that you yeah. Yeah. It's sharp its like with the lip the red lipstick in the very skinny heroin Chic look and the style of clothing that still looks like, you know, I don't want to say the handbag. She'll hold a handbag if she handbag little do. It like in a punk rock way. Yeah, some of her videos show you just how is that white whatever Ron yelling, but she's got a little dancer there bloody bloody bloody handbags, but that's the thing is that I looked at her and I was like kind of like oddly attracted to this woman and I've yet to hear her music. And so when I saw this was on the list and then I saw that two of her albums are on the list I couldn't have been more excited. I was refreshing my memory and I put it on in the car my 11 year old son was in the car and he's very if if you play Any older music, he's like turn that off mom. Like you can only listen to Super highly produced hip-hop with like tongue. You're just like there's really so offended. He likes like current hip-hop. Okay. Ye, really? Oh, yeah biggie friend know. I don't know if that's just what they say for like, yes, and then his friend if something's good. They say but he's he's like Dad ask mom. He's let Roddy rich and the baby. Oh my God, but so if if he can't hear anything anything that he likes hope he's been putting on 50s music and so it was very jarring to have this on in the car and unconsciously he just you know, the first song was on and he just went like like I'm going to get that off right now like he went to change it and I go I'm listening to that. Yeah, and then he's like, oh do we have to listen to this? And then he started singing along. A little bit like those those phrasings and some of the yelping like he couldn't help himself, but that's all I think PJ Harvey is is a badass. I think this album is so powerful and so many ways whether it's the sound of her voice the the poetic imagery and then and then it's all all this stuff over this very simplistic music. These songs aren't complicated. My favorite song on the record is just or chords over and over and get it just builds and it takes you to this place and like Trixie with the musicality of it because it seems so simple and it seems like it's like oh, this is grungy or this is Courtney Love just popped in my head, but and I said this earlier about her the intellect of it and the musicality of it it so she rides this line of like, you know, I'm a whore like, I'm I'm crazy but she holds it tight like But you're not going to tell me and I'm going to like School you and I'm wiser. It's like this really weird line of like the intelligence of it. Like she it's not ever. It's the British. It's a British. It's the British you were never nice cover. Like I just picture there was one song in particular. I think I have a note on it when it comes up that I pictured Her Like She's just comparing her to a girl at like a Daytona Spring break, you know, like girls gone wild and just PJ Harvey just being there like I'm gonna burn this whole whole fucking place down but she's just as sexual but she's Unapologetic and she's in control of herself and she's uncompromising and she'll tell you how it's going to be but that doesn't mean that she's not suffering and vulnerable. Yeah, and this is what's funny this I found this little news clipping saying the songs from this album are a musical departure from her previous dark material and I'm like it was darker. It was darker that's hilarious hilarious. And that reminds me of this is something not to name-drop movie that I did a little movie called Punch-Drunk Love directed by Paul Thomas Anderson my favorite movies, by the way. I think it's PT Anderson's best film. I think it's one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. Thank you. I remember him saying in an interview. There's something about that. This was his romantic comedy and it made me PJ Harvey made me think of him saying that because some of these songs are like, oh this is her love song then it starts and you're like, I'm not know like what's wrong I could completely beautiful thing. Like it doesn't feel beautiful Punjab dude. It's wow. What a perfect comparison because it's when Adam Sandler is holding Emma. Is that her the actress's name? Yeah when you are and he's holding her head. He's like, I just want to bash your fucking malays. Emily said I want to bash your face in. The brick this is a very uncomfortable movie. And yes, this is my love story a true. Love story. Wow, such anxiety so much like God that this is by the greatest statement that's been said on the 500 podcast all the cannula spoon, please out there. You heard it here first PT Anderson definitely listens to PJ Harvey a millionairess gosh hundred. He probably dated her who knows if he dated Fiona and try a very dark and very much. Melodic and her love songs are fucking they're scary. He got lucky with Maya Rudolph being the mom of what if he was like made a baby with PJ Harvey be like, oh my God, they burned down the neighborhood again some things about this record before we dive into the songs Harvey Anderson's just held up a liquor store and their sins are having another Seance. We're going over there and then we're going to play Cards Against Humanity. It's gonna be fun. So PJ said that She wanted this to be a departure. She said this album, I wanted it to be absolute Beauty. And this was her attempt at making a pop album as unpop as she could possibly do it. Now when we went through the to try to find the research on this record PJ said this statement as well. She does not tell you the actual meanings of the songs. She doesn't explain her lyrics she chooses not to she feels they speak for themselves. Exactly. That's what you literally that's what it says. She says the E of it for me is that everyone can interpret it in their own way. So all of these are me and Morty trying to figure out what these songs mean and some old-school movie star mystery, you know, she's like, I'm the artist what I do my thing and then I want to do something different. I don't want to talk to the fans and she's also saying this is her that like everybody's like. Oh, well, this is your New York record and she's like, yeah. This has nothing to do with New York and you're like, you just shout it out nine streets. And once I know Rooftop in Manhattan, Zack hey, PJ. Okay, babe, chill out page. I said the album opens with big exit Great opener. I love everything about this song because this was my first real introduction into PJ Harvey and it did not disappoint. I love the pounding guitar the drums and lyrically, it's got this very Bonnie and Clyde feeling to the song So sample lyrics that I pulled out, you know, baby. Be ain't it true? I'm Immortal when I'm with you, but I want a pistol in my hand and I want to go to a different land. It's like let's be lovers but let's wreck some shit. Yeah while we do this, but then she also dips into in the lyrics like a larger and she does this a lot a larger commentary on society like in there. It's like hey guns are bad guys. I thought this was a perfect way to open it because maybe it's Bonnie and Clyde. Maybe it's an obsession of America and their guns, but the He moment of this song is that the bridge because to me, it sounds like this Travis Bickle from Taxi Driver like inner Soliloquy narration Peter play the bridge for me. Yeah, that's it's a poetic journal entry of self-destruction and self-loathing and and being scared and being hurt. Yeah who doesn't who doesn't have that on a daily basis. This is this is everybody that lives in Los Angeles, you know for the most part it's like lets me and my pilot audition yesterday. All right guys, are you going are you going in for for more comedy or more dramas? The the what I'm talking about in particular is a comedy and it's I hate all auditions. I think that it's really tricky because I've worked so long and so much that it's like you get to a point where you're like, oh just doesn't matter just go read and put me on tape for me. It's like I like I am a comic I love doing the heavy material. I love when the scene is like is I really have to brings up a motion. I have to really dig in there and something like this is incredible to to be able to like To see PJ really just bearing it. It's like I've experienced so much of this. So I wonder if hearing you talk about connecting that to her and like acting in a scene. She's got a feel like she's when she does this performance, you know, because you see her talk and she is so self-effacing and measured that she goes into this right. She's got a dig into it like you would as an actor. Oh for sure for sure. I was watching of her live performances and it's she's so subdued and every movement that she gave was was so it was it was it was almost like, you know number say she thought it out but it's just she what she was the Stillness made the song that much more powerful. So the inner turmoil of these lyrics is that she's just using that and just every every motion that she did just felt like it was it was even more Powerful then and if she's like you were you thinking she's like Patti Smith like going hey going on with Wiggly giggly. It's very that's what's so crazy about her music. It's very deliberate and control the word. I could then goes off where you are. Like, should I be worried about her? She actually we call somebody she knows exactly what she's doing and she can harness that yeah. All right. Well the second song we just kind of a follow-up to this one. It's good fortune. This was the first single off the Record and we just mentioned Patti Smith and Chrissie Hynde. This song really sounds like that play the first verse. This is the song where I realized how much I loved PJ Harvey. This was the one the first one. I'm like, all right. This is a good introduction. It's powerful but this is where like I was like, oh I am hooked on this song. I'm hooked on this artist. This is just a love affair that sprawls all over New York City and I think this is like I said a second ago. This is a continuation of the first song because there's the Bonnie and Clyde reference. And then she's the ending lyrics she just keeps on repeat. She keeps saying on the run again on the right thoughts that beginning so jaunty and you know, we were talking about earlier like that's do do do do do think you're like, I'm there. I'm in the love affair. And then why on the run again, like what happened? There's always like this undertone of like like the bottom just fell out or the Bonnie and Clyde that the day Danger to it not more. So in other songs that are coming up but like a druggie feel like a not like the that the love is an addiction. So that's she's also playing that line between feeling safe and then like on the wrong like what happened? Why can't you guys just like go home and watch TV like water but I because I won I know that this album coincides with a relationship with Nick Cave and it was a very tall. Jewish relationship. So I think it's made me to see if I knew that and I didn't know that no. No I this is all research that I had to find and I mean I have more details about it later. But from what I know, it's like you're dealing with an artist. You're probably you're probably arguing because you both want so much and then and then you know, but you want this perfect love affair. I feel like these are dreams to her what she wanted and expected out of him. And so she just kind of Drew this whole Story up about this. No. This is this is how it should be and it's just it's just the reaction to what it actually I love that because you can picture her standing there with him with somebody and having all those feelings that we've all had like in a new yeah love and but then also you could see it falling apart and and not you know, maybe this is the beginning of the relationship. Maybe this is the good fortune that you when you find somebody like that and you're trying to be present in you're so in love that Can't help but you know want it to last forever and be a dream. I remind you. I always say that the best part like there's like there's one of the best feelings in the world is when you have a crush on somebody and they have a crush on you back and it's just this in so you have sex before not it Josh then once you've then once you boner it's like boom next. So this was their first date this could be I mean, this could be like this having those those hopes and you're just like, oh man, it's just like how lucky He has to be clear before he put her his before Nick Cave put his penis in PJ Harvey. Yeah, was that before or after her relationship with Paul Thomas Anderson the for after when is Good Fortune smiled upon you? Oh, thanks for asking. Jeez. I don't know. I mean I'm just getting images of all the times that I've felt that way and it's been syrupy sweet and then blown up in my face. That's such a broad question. What in particular I'm thinking of this guy when I was in Detroit who it's funny looking back on it because at the time I didn't realize how drawn to Comedy I was because I was very interior and very socially awkward and there was this governor Hey like PJ Harvey. This is me at my most melodic and sensuous and and layered Lush Lush like a delicious delicious. This is me at my most outgoing and understandable got frosting in between layer after layer. I had some problems. Okay, couldn't talk to people couldn't socialize and I saw this guy and I was trying to get away from my parents house, but I was also a good girl, so I didn't think I could but I was instinctively doing it and I followed. Best friend to an our brows like let me live with you for the summer and there was a guy in a parking garage and he had a he had a whistle around his neck in a red t-shirt tucked into some pleated pants like he was a bus or at a semi fancy restaurant but a weird valet guy, he was directing traffic but just for fun because he thought it was a funny bit looking back on it. He was the most obnoxious like simplest just loud like that. It wasn't a bit dude. You're just being weird and he was goin to the donut shop and was just outgoing and being absurd and I just idolized it. I thought like this guy is the shit yeah and fell in love with him. And then it was just the worst. I realized that I just put him on this pedestal for no reason and he just was like Petty and spiteful and childish and Not very smart, but I just bought you know, the Kool-Aid of like you're my everything. Yeah. All right Moving On A Place Called Home. This is the second single released from the record to me. This song is sort of sad and hopeful at the same time. It's about finding something right at the wrong time and she ends the chorus with this like one day they'll be a place for us and I think is not only just powerful but I think it sets up the whole song and then You have my favorite part, which is this verse right here Peter. Play it for me. I like how she goes so interior, but then it's always two different lands than it always goes like back out to all over the world. Yeah, that stumble felt all over the world. Do you feel like that stumble when you go back to Detroit? I mean because you've been successful people accept you like when you return back to your Homeland having done what you've done. Oh, I always feel terrible. I think now probably this past five to ten years, you know as you get older you start to just go who gives a fuck but I remember going to like, what are those things called a reunions a class reunions? Yeah, and I have such a mixed bag of like I'm judging them. I'm like who think you're fat? You're this you're that but then my role even though Were treating me like I was a big star I still felt terrible because the way they were doing it was like, oh, look who's on TV and I was just like wait. When was this was this 10-year 20-year 10, so white so what have you done by that point like mr. Show? Probably Veronica's Closet. I remember that was I mean stuff that people, you know, like sitcoms that people would be like, oh that's a really big deal like usually mr. Show would have when you go back to high school people they may not have known it was very the hip people liked it. It was not very cool show so now and that's why I think people love it so much because not everybody knows it. So yeah, I had done stuff. That was big and Broad and krauser may show a Christie Ali show. I'm it's Kirsty. Okay, so but I remember my sister and my mom were like picking out clothes for me. Like I very much played the role of like, okay like, oh we're gonna have fun and I had like clothes I would never wear just because I went along with it. It's very in congruous with the person that's like I'm on top of the world like I was a walking. Stumble even though it was the attention was on me, you know, I remember someone introducing me like and there's our star and I was just like, oh like you're gross and I'm grocer because you're referring to me. Yeah, and this there's nothing if anything it's more of a disconnect. Yeah. Is that why you think you connect with the song? That's why I connect. Yes. We'll put it with this song in particular but like all of her music just just always that push and pull with her. Yeah. All right. Let's go on to my favorite song on the record one line. Just just play the opening because I fucking love it. Do you remember the first kiss start shooting across the sky? Oh my God. I just want a gypsy dance to it. Just very like Stevie Nicks. I want a flowing dress because this is for cord. That show this is the for this is White's four chords. It never changes occasionally. It adds a little like and then she's got Thom Yorke from Radiohead Just just doing in the background. Yeah, dude, Thom. Yorke is all over this record dude. So I got maybe I was hooked by the second song. This is the one that I was like. Oh, I think PJ Harvey is one of the most brilliant artists. I know this is gonna sound stupid that I have ever heard. Like I just I don't know Patti Smith. I don't know Christian. I don't know Patti Smith, but No, she is my patties. Like he's she's my like, I wish I could have heard her in the 90s and the 2000s because this is just it's something that like the way that I connected with Fiona Apple. I'm like, this is just an even darker extension Ariana and I love that. So to go off the title. The one line concept is about that person who you will always have a connection to in with no matter how far away or how long it's been there zombies and she mentioned it. Get away from him in the previous song. Have you ever had that experience with that kind of concept the one line concept that she's saying. Is there a person that is your one line? My mom really? Um, Well, that's not what she said. I know she took me out Facebook. She unfriended me. It's very interesting question because I feel like I'm at a time in my life where I would say. No, but if you talk to me through my 20s and 30s every person I dated I would be like your mom or my line you love hard. Yeah, and I'm now finally for as much as I can feel her lyrics and still the they still resonate with me. I'm also just At that point in my life where I'm like, it's me alone by you feel like this album now resonates with you even more than it did when you first heard it. Yeah. It's been really fun to ReDiscover it because I hadn't listened to it in quite a while for as much as some of these emotions are more with with the love affair with the intensity. For some reason. I it feels deeper to me now because I've had more life experience. I don't No, really what I'm saying? Are we loved you've lost you've loved and gained and it's just like it's thank you coaster. That's where I'm going with that. It's like I know all of this stuff. Yeah, and I can I'm not in the middle of it, but I can visit it when I listen to this music and I can go on this trip with her and I can appreciate so much it more now the songwriting and the delivery and the Artistry of it in a way that I don't think I did before you guys are missing is I wish we did a video podcast because any Mary Lynn says something she hurt your arms get all squiggly and she's all like Scooby-Doo and a squiggly Dan. It's great. Those are all words like now and I listen to this song. It's like a jawline to your heart today and pray to keep us safe. I'm like, hey, I'm just running some errands like is cool man. I'm okay like chill at the dry cleaner. Chill the dogs get the dogs getting washed dogs get washed. Okay. I know you're a little bit allergic right now. I know I pray to keep us safe. What what? Okay. What is your one line to the supermarket? It's Express. That's what I'ma get, you know back. Then I always felt this way like on the rag and now I like to visit it. Yeah. All right. Let's visit the next song Beautiful feeling. This is PJ on vocals and guitar and Thom Yorke. Just giving you some booze play the powerful course, brother. So this is actually what you laughing at. Just once again, you're like, is it the best thing? Yeah, because you sound like you're in a hospital under a sheet trying to break out of like the psychiatric ward. Did your nana this guy? Because that's what it sounds like I need lying to me, but that's also her irreverence that there's weird humor. Not that but she plays Both so you're not completely odd. So this is actually a positive song. Yeah finding elusive love somewhere across the world and she made it sound super dark, you know, she's always going through something. She's always in the thick of it and then she gives you a little release on that melodic. Yeah, and I think that's I think that's what you were talking about the the dichotomy between the the sound and and the meaning it's it's she's When she's happy there's a lonely sadness to she's like I found them Mike. It's so the bigger picture like spiritually she knows that everything is temporary. That's why her music is on another level. Yeah because she's like, yeah, it's love but what is love I mean every note in every song she's asking that question. She's deeply committed to it, but she's also like I'm not going to just I'm going to give you the every angle of this. Yeah, the next song might be the best title I've ever heard the whores hustle and the hustlers. That's right. It sounds like something my black next door neighbors like 70 year old would say yeah, the whole is hustle and Hustlers whore. He's on the corner outside the gas station now just like word if it aint got coleslaw on the burger. I don't want hot sauce with the fries because you know what I'm saying, the whores hustle and the hustlers whore that's real fine. Was all right. So this song recalls the good old days of filthy complexity and gritty cash Mickey Times Square before Giuliani a new key cleaned it up and made it downtown Wang businees. Ookie play 227 speak to me. That's that's That's pay that mean to you. I mean it not but this is what she's saying is you know when she's in New York. This is Giuliana clean that place up. It used to be Taxi Driver asked. Yeah used to be drug dealers just out on Times Square trouble for saying something later about Washington DC. So this is a similar. She's very true to her. Yeah, it was awful and dude in DC. I used to work at the 930 Club where I used to buy drugs is now a cupcake shop. Like that's what I'm saying is all these cities you said. Dark, I mean just got me you fucking killed her - she got criticized for her commentary on that but then an article I read was like but also why are we giving her Credence that speaks to her power as an artist? Yeah. So not only is this maybe not even about New York while you're talking about her relationship with Nick Cave. This is rumored to be about that short tumultuous relationship because they were collaborating and several songs in the mid-90s and said that she's writing this as this is going down. Down so we mentioned Nick Cave like he had some very serious drug issues and they are all mentioned along with some lines from this song who has spice home on. I love a little song beef loves to Wang Zucca to get you know what I'm talking about. Sure. Do let's talk about whoring though. Let okay. Have you ever taken a gig where you felt like you were selling out? No, but I have a story. About almost becoming a hard hit me even better. I was walking. It's one of my favorite store is if you've heard the saying podcast before like no, no, I could say it 50. It will never get old the story. I was wearing pajamas sunglasses. Actually. This was around this time walking in Silverlake wet hair backpack. Somebody on a sidewalk was like Hey, and she was saying hi to me and made me feel like I knew her even though I didn't so I walked towards her and as I was like, oh, hey like thinking I didn't want to not you know recognize and then I realized as I got closer. I'm like, oh, I don't know her and she was short shorts translucent white skin with bruises down there and she's like, what are you up to like starts up this convo and I was like, what is like, is she going to try to sell me drugs? I wanted to know what was going to happen. So I just kept yes anding her. I'm like I'm not up to anything. She's like you Goin downtown. I'm like, yep. She's like you looking for work. I'm like, yeah, I mean I didn't say it. But I was like, I'm gonna see if my sketch show executive produced by Steve Martin gets picked up or if Veronica's Closet is going to ask me back. Yeah, you know, I mean I've been made me and Christie we are we have been talking about. Yeah, she tried to get me into Scientology and I was like new and she was like you're fired as you really know. Our story not at all. All right. So I you know, I looked like a street urchin and I just wanted to see where it was going and the drugs weren't coming out but she's like we are you looking for work and I said yes, and she goes follow me. We were out front tangs 24-hour Donuts. I don't know if it's still there or not. I know tangs so I walked in there it has those like it's not formica those like tables that are in the cement outside. Its that like plastic. Yeah, the molded short that are just permanently in the You know little tables and so walking tangs donuts and every there's like whispering and people shifting around and she takes me outside and I meet my perspective pimp she disappears and he's sitting there and he's like, my name's Kevin, but people call me Lawrence and I was like what less cooler name. He was wearing like a black ski jacket like a puffy ski jacket and gold chain Buffalo efficacy awful up against In sweltering heat and he was trying to pull like a power move on me. And because every time I tried to ask him something because I was like, um, how you know, he's like business has been good. I'm like, okay, what's her name? And he's like lift up your sunglasses. Let me see your pretty face and like I wouldn't and I wouldn't sit down but I but I also was still talking to him because there was a part of me that like left my body and was like, what's she gonna do? Like is she gonna go through with this and then he's like you have a boyfriend. You can't have a boyfriend. You can't like live with anybody and trying to like get my digits. And so I just kept talking to him and then I started picturing like what if I actually went to that apartment building, you know, like what if I go through with this like what would happen and then I started like panicking and I was like, okay, I better get the fuck out of here and he's like give me your digits and I go um, you know what? I'm gonna think about it and I started backing away like you would at a cocktail party like Lawrence and he's like give me your digits and I'm like How maybe later and he's like, I think you have thought about it. And that was his like closing statement and I was like, okay. Bye and I just like skipped out of there. Yeah, and I was scared for like the next two weeks that I would run into him again. And that was like that's the last time you would have far better place and that's so funny that the next title of the next song is this mess. We're in Love about this song. Is that Thom Yorke sings the entire song. Listen, I don't want to say this is my favorite because I know it's hokey because it's like, oh, it's the one that Thom Yorke stings, but it's like and also her in this you're like, oh look who has a pretty voice. Yeah, like look who's singing like an angel which makes me love her because she's like, yeah I can do it. But why would I do it? It's less interesting. But for this song she just comes in so smooth as silk and they're so beautiful together. But of course always still haunting you said exactly Lee what I was going to say about it, it sounds to me like this is kind of like a first-hand account of an affair that I think took place in New York regardless if she says this isn't her New York record. I mean she gives it to you and the defining moment is during the bridge where they realize they got to stop fucking with each other despite the fact that they got that good sex cam. You know what I'm talking about hit it Lawrence. So beautiful. So the fact that this exists the placement on the record where you're just like, I'm sorry what it's right in the middle of the album. It's right at the best. It's very cathartic. I think yeah, it gets after all the darkness you find this beautiful love and I believe the kids. This is what I love man. I love when Geniuses work together and Thom Yorke is a genius and I now know PJ Harvey Is a genius but it's just so great. So speaking of genius and I and this was of course at the end. We're like, we'll never meet again go on. Oh, no, so you were on one of the greatest shows in my opinion whole time. Come on, Veronica you were on this to show and yeah, I think you had a collection of including yourself some of the greatest comedic Kush Luke. He's ever geez. Thanks, and honestly, you are one of my favorite people to riff with Too rough, not just riff but roof with roughing it up because you are so fun and so easy. So I have to ask this question. What was the collaboration like on mr. Show? geez I mean this was a formative time in my life. I was in a position. I never thought I would be in I was around people it was like I had finally found my people that whole group before mr. Show. We were doing live shows together themed live alternative comedy. Yeah, and it was a Heyday. Oh, I mean it was nothing more cross. Bob Odenkirk had more alternative than Bob Odenkirk off SNL David Cross. Leaving Boston and just hating the 80s comedy scene and regular comedy. Like they didn't want that. They wanted to do something different and that's why I was allowed to even be in that scene because I was coming from like performance art, but I was very drawn. I didn't have any business necessarily. I was never drawn to stand up specifically earlier in my life because I couldn't relate to like I'm a guy on stage talking about what I but my entrance into this was because it was not your basic broad comedy because they're all these like weird layers to it and anything goes and I met like my favorite weirdos and they I was like a mascot like I was just happy to be there. Like I was just had a pep in my step and was like giggling and just it was a magical time and they just let me be a part of it is how it was. I can imagine what that did you guys know, you guys were creating something special while you were doing it. Yeah, I think they did. I certainly being able to watch them develop it and then shows that we had done at just these shitty rooms because we wanted to do these shows for each other that then developed in some of those into some of those early sketches and you know before the internet I'm alright, they were doing live shows and inviting these Executives out to see it. I had this one bit that I did actually in art school in a performance art class and that's when I realized that I was people would always laugh but I didn't realize I was being funny but there's a little thing I took the that they use me as an interlude in between sketches where I just came out and I don't remember the lead into it, but I would pull out duct tape and be like, these are not for you and tape up my breast and my vagina but there was a whole, you know, I don't remember what it is now, but those were the guys that were like, yeah, we're going to bring her out. And she's just going to do that in between and like that's that's where we're at. Yeah with the stuff that it that fits perfectly and it did and I had never imagined being like validated artistically and having that crash course and I still didn't realize really fully why it was funny. I was just in Earnest just doing weird shit and was accepted by them. Yeah. It was just some of the best sketch writing in Forever a you know, an eighteen-year-old Stoner there was nothing That's spoke to me more that you know, I like to I get off masturbating while pies cooling. I think that's just genius. So I love it. And that's the fact that I'm friends with you just it's still trips me out because you know, I think your this the funniest so thinks you're my PJ Harvey. Jeez to go too far. You're my PK Harvey. Okay. Okay. That's that's fine. Right. You said something. You said something. It's the next song. This is this another great chemistry song that about love but bad timing. This one doesn't give you much but you do know that you said something Peter play 115. One of the happier songs on the record. Yeah. What I find to be funny is that she's saying this isn't about New York, but she basically describes the city perfectly. She's like a walk by the Flatiron Building not about New York. I jumped on the F train. I think it's about New York. You guys went to town squares endorsed it got a schwalm Arab from mahmoud's. About my isolated Farmhouse. It's not about schwarmann. You guys not get check the lineup. But Caroline's know this is like her mother the most humorous song to me because she's keeps repeating. You said something. You said something you said something and she's like it was really important and then she doesn't say what it is. Does it say when she doesn't want to tell us but we know that he or she said something this is yep. What are they? I say never know no idea. You tell me Kamikaze the next one. This is a really bad romance song and that's why it's called Kamikaze. It's she doesn't pull punches play minute seven brother. This was another one that my son started inadvertently singing along to in the Korea. He's got a sometimes I trick him like I'll put on the Ramones and I'll be like you like it. You know what I mean? I'm gonna be shoving some PJ Harvey. Well, it's so I get this imagine when your son putting together puzzles listening to Kamikaze you like have you seen that piece that was in the center? All right, you have any more thoughts on this one do not? Okay. Perfect. This is Love. This is Love It Is Love play to 17. This was the third single. And you can see why because it actually is very accessible. It's just it's out of all the other songs which are more movements and more feelings. This is a straight-up just rock song Verse Chorus Verse and the chorus is so catchy with the This is Love This is Love that I'm feeling. Yeah. This is the quintessential women her like the full force of her desire, but she still has got some pain and oh and like I like that she doesn't make any apologies for your my dirty. We'll see ya and she wants to chase you around the table and he wants to touch your head which I assume means give you a dope scalp massage with nails, but I love that. She's just like yeah, I'm a woman. This is how I'm going to talk about it and it's so unusual that she's like a the full scope of a woman. It seems crazy that women aren't really allowed to express themselves. Like you say, she can't say I want you to go down on me. She has to say I want to touch your head which is like, you know what I mean? That's like a very Out of the way for cardi B is what I'm saying. You're not wrong. You are not wrong. Now. I have a quick question because you were pretty open publicly about your sexuality and your bisexuality. Whoa, did you do a deep cut on this deep cut down? Oh, this was something that came up when I was doing press for something. I feel bad because I've thought about this. I haven't collected them yet. It has something to do with my generation. It also has something to do with me not wanting any labels, but then this girl called And she's like, what do you support and she clearly identified with like the label and an organization and I was like, of course I do like if that's what you need to to be safe. But part of my thing is like I don't want to talk about it because it's not important to me but then but then the other part of it is or is it because I'm like scared to really put it out there, you know what I mean? Because I'm also like I'm also really a ation shaprut person. And so I think that if you're like, I'm bisexual just like makes makes it not sound. What's the word I'm looking for sound like Petty or like you can like you're like, you're not a serious person. Yeah, and that's still something that and this is where I think the generational thing comes in because now I go to like, you know young I see people just turning 20 that are like, so I'm pansexual and you know when you watch porn on when your Going up and you have like the one computer that's in your parents like cider and I was like, oh wow, like this is different now because speaking of like mr. Show and that time that was also you know, a lot of people were doing it was like Margaret Cho and Kathy Griffin and all these people were doing the on Cabaret which was this confessional style. So it still was something to have a secret and reveal so it would be like a big deal to even talk about it. And now it's sort of is a given which I think is yeah fantastic, but personally, I still have a lot lot of unanswered things about my own sexuality because I've never been able to really sustain a relationship with a woman because he J Harvey says another song is because it's complex and again with like time and having lived so much life and I'm just coming out of a marriage which is weird because I also feel more free to talk about it now because I was so focused on my marriage that I'm like, this is a straight relationship and that and that was it so like I don't talk about But so yeah, it's a it's a real can of worms. No, I agree. All right. The next song is one that I actually think she should have ended the record on horses in my dreams. This is this is this is how the album should have ended. It should have ended up to eleven tracks Peter play play the ending form a strong statement. That that's that's the way you end that album with that line. I've pulled myself clear. It's a clean way to end the album it just and it feels like it's just releasing you like like a little like you're like releasing Baby Moses into the Nile and you're just like be free Baby Moses and he's good diddles off in the waves. And yes, you're just like that little guitar. Noodling do-do-do-do reminded me ever so slightly above Fair see I haven't dived into the fair like that but ever so slightly. I'll take your word for it. Okay. Alright we float and we do I think this is another one about Nick Cave and how she felt really loved him. She did love him. And this is just really funny stuff that we pulled up. You gotta keep this in mind. I kind of mentioned it earlier, but about why this relationship probably was so hard on her. Both of them are artists. Both of them are selfish. He had a lack of Monogamy, he's also a drug addict. He wants to punch someone in the face. She just wants to get the SKU numbers, right exactly and surf people are food and I don't know what drug he was on but I'm guessing from his hairdo. It was heroin. He's got a heroin head play 137. You're right at this almost feels A coda, like even the tempo goes up. Yeah, it's just like an epilogue. It's I think it's different from the rest of the record. I think if you would have ended it with horses in my dream. I just think it really would have I don't know. It just would have been like the nice bow on such a beautiful powerful record this you put this one song up. All right, you want to do some facts and get out of here? Yeah. All right. Do you like facts? Do you like fags? Don't go doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo. Here's some facts here. Here's some facts that almost Coldplay in there. You were like ha. I like facts. I like Firefox PJ Harvey was actually first the name of the trio. She was in with bassist Steve on and drummer and singer and co-producer of this album Rob Ellis before she went solo with the same name at her debut gig with her Trio. They cleared the room during their first song prompting a woman to come up and yell don't you realize nobody likes you will pay you you can stop playing. We'll see. I'll pay you. That's great. So good. What was your the worst gig you ever played? Oh gosh. There's so many hit me with the worst the worst. Where was I Side Splitters? Tampa could be a large man with long hair mustache. I want to say some mowing or Hawaiian in the back couldn't really see him in the front was fans of mine. So the room was fans and then like people that were papered. Do you know what I mean? Because I have the rare ability to have people be in the front row like I have your sweater that you warned 24 and then a guy like this in the back row showed up you're not funny so high on drugs so disruptive you know that's not even my worst gig because I still handled it but I ended up walking into the audience and talking to his friends and going why are you guys here why are you letting him do this which is you never want to go there and comedy show where you're just in Earnest trying to talk to people and say hey what's going on so you know I didn't feel like quite the Entertainer that night but I mean like tons of just bombings and weird not knowing how I come off or people feeling bad for me Any lab? What's the most awkward acting gig you've ever booked you and talk about that? I was in a pilot called Shasta McNasty, which actually I remember that for some reason I remember Shasta McNasty with a beauty he was in it. Yeah. I was the original girl and the Creator liked me and thought I was hilarious and they ended up I got fired from it because they replace me with a girl in a bikini who would just walk around in her underwear. I think it worked out in years and I remember Paul Thomas Anderson. I just Talk to him. It's jogging my memory. He was like, oh Shasta McNasty like making fun of me because I think I suffer from like I just want to work like I'm not Discerning. I'm just like yeah. Yeah, I'll make something out of that. It's a gift to work with that to be able to do it. It's like if you get an acting role, it's kind of like there's so many people that would die to have that. Yeah, like it all hope to get to a place where we could be like, oh, no, I that's beneath me or yeah, I'm taking a different direction. Oh my gosh where people are like, oh, why did you choose to do this? Like, why did I choose to? To do it because I'm trying to get a jobs. I want to feed myself. But yeah, she has McNasty was a perfect example of the material was beneath me but then I bond with a Creator and I just in my mind like I make it like it's okay because I'm like, oh, he's really crying and this is his show and it's like roommates that are misogynistic and terrible and one of the story lines is like they eat cereal and watch there another woman in her underwear through the window across the way but just if that's not enough women in their underwear. They also live with one so later in the show. She walks out and is like hey guys, and of course, I feel like I brought like some realness and was like, yeah, fuck you. Like I brought a real levity to it. That's not the right word, but doodle a squid doodle to it and then they just were like no we better just have it be a hot girl now with no Discerning qualities. Do you get Donna derecho or like what are the Baywatch bitches and they came out and you think okay guys out of this. I'll just go be in this Art House movie. That is considered. I think it one cons. I think it one can't is it can zarkon? So be fired from something that I never should have been in in the first place is kind of a blessing and a curse because it's like I kind of am lucky that stuff sort of spits me out if it's not right for me. So I love that but it's also like why did I put myself through that in the first place a hundred percent right in 2001. PJ became the first female solo artist to win the prestigious Mercury music prize for this album Ten Years Later she became the first artist to win. Twice for her eighth studio record. Let England Shake also making her the most successful artists in the awards history, which is fucking dope now after being known primarily as a comedic actor in 2003 you were cast on the third season of keither Sutherlands action drama to for also known its 24th. That's right your character. Chloe O'Brian was such a hit with Fans and critics that you stayed on for the rest of the series and became kieffer's co-star and brought back at one-tenth of the pay. I'm all right. I always am I waiting at a guest star pay how did that come about and were you shocked that you broke through outside of Comedy? Oh my gosh. This is totally all connecting the executive producer of the show had been turned on to Punch-Drunk Love. He saw me and Punch-Drunk Love and that's why he wanted me in. Or and this by the way is my best best case in any great job I've had is been the vision of one person or a team that's on the same page Garry Shandling Joel sir. Now Paul Thomas Anderson, they in other words that he wanted me for the part. I'm not saying I'm not saying things should be handed to me but it's one year two things aren't done by committee. Things aren't done by what's your hair color? Will this be the right algorithm for our show, but that it's so he called me in because he'd see me in that and he Wanted that like bitchy quality the of the sisters and Punch-Drunk Love and there was no material and it was just like a dream scenario. Like I was walking down the hall and he goes you're great. I don't have the part written yet, but just sit down and like there's nothing to this but read this and then I got brought on for you know for shows and then six shows and then kind of like built it was there it was there. Was it hard to go from Comedy to drama. It was really weird. What was the most difficult hurdles? I was really scared because I didn't know if I would fit with the Tone of the show and it was already at the height of popularity. It was a very successful show. I started in season 3, so I was really scared because I was like, I don't know how to do drama and I was worried about sticking out which actually I did which which gave me my lasting power but there was one point a few episodes in where I just started trying to talk like this and like with and then they noticed it in the daily. She's like, what are you doing? I'm like, I don't I stick out too much. He's like, yeah, but it's working. But yeah that Very first day is what my scene was with Kieffer and he he's addicted to heroin to be undercover, you know kids like be with the crooks or whatever and he's looking for his fix and I walk in with some like administrative thing and I'm like, I don't like to study and I'm a quick study and I like read the lines and like I got it even though it was like so serious. I still can't bear to let the study so I just go in there and I know what I want to do and I'm taking it seriously, but I just studied it quickly and the first take it came out of my mouth like I don't know. It was just jargon. Like I can't even recreate it. Now. It was like just dense stuff that a human being would never say just informational. So I do it then they go light for 20 minutes and I come back and I'm like, it does not they have left the words are gone, but completely gone and I watched like the entire production stopped for me not remembering. My lines was like the biggest crash course in like you better get your Shit together. I had to go stand in the corner and repeat it over and over and over again and I was like sweating. I was like, oh my God, I'm going to get fired. I'm wasting so much time. The my scene is with Kieffer and then like way after the fact I finally like got through it but at the end of the day or maybe the next day, they're like, yeah that happens to everybody like because it's kefir. It's he's a lost boy. I learned how to use boy Mind Tricks on you. It's it was some vampire. This cave was Keepers trailer just a cave in Santa Clara. ever he slapped upside down hanging by his feet Cry Little Sister still she gave her do we have to play that at the every wrap party glad to you brother can you wipe that blood off your the side of your mouth for the simply this was so much fun thanks for having me oh my God oh what a fun interview it got me in my practice toodles the one and only Mary Lynn Rajskub guys and if you want to find out more about Mary Lynn find her and all things Mary Lynn on her website Mary Lynn Mary lynda.com find her on Instagram and Twitter at Mary Lynn Rajskub check out her podcast checking in with Mary Lynn on Spotify or anyway you get your buds but listen on Spotify and check out the tomorrow War when that comes out in theaters now We just listened to PJ Harvey from 2000 this week music director Little Maddie pinfield shows Liza and the delusional 's there are four piece band from Australia front woman. Eliza clad sites artists such as PJ Harvey Paramore Coldplay and catfish in the bottom--and as major songwriting influences. They are breaking out of the Ozzy Indie scene and touring America now their latest single pull apart heart is now available on the Spotify check out the link on our website. Website guys the 500 podcast dat Cam and if you are in a band were directly influenced by one of these albums artist and you want your music showcase on the 500 website because you do send your song to 500 podcast at gmail.com and make sure you put the album and the artist in the subject line. Next week is Vampire Weekend week with their 2007 self-titled album Vampire Weekend. You got some homework to do listen to the album on Spotify. If I Stay fleecy Duggal Duggal