Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will renew your license to Kill personally. Hey, this is Mark a Altman and this is Darren doctor Min and we are the Inglorious treks Birds coming to you straight from the John age Gail Memorial podcasting Studio here on ecos. Those of you watching on the electric stream channel will know what we're talking about. If you have until then just close your eyes and imagine imagine exactly the chancellery and all its Glory. Yeah, you know, it's funny because you know, for those of you don't know last last week actually for the new year electric has built is wonderful beautiful new podcasting Studio because we used to broadcast from the the mixing stage, but they have a lot of shows going and we have a lot of shows going with the podcast and it was becoming sort of problematic. So they built this beautiful new podcasting studio for us and the other podcast and the electric surge line up. And the first thing we came in here. Darren says, oh my God, where's John Gill? There's this little window and a curtain and heat and you know, we'll have to put pictures on social media because damned if it doesn't look just like I mean, I'm literally waiting for, you know, did the time to shoot exactly. Do a good podcast I ordered the recall of to Starfleet malecon is a self-serving Adventurer, but it was the most efficient podcast ever made. Oh my God, and it's funny because behind the glass. I have no idea what we're talking about. Not only you know, like I mean, you know most active State Earth ever knew and this is the most effective podcast. Yes. That's right. So we're look we're thrilled because of course we have two special guests with us returning is Ashley Miller Ashley, you know as a writer Thor X-Men first Class, he was a writer producer on Fringe and Black Sails and Sarah Connor Chronicles. And of course has a fantastic new show that he will be talking about very soon, but can't right now Ashley Miller, welcome back. Thank you for having me back and it's been a while since this last guest graced us with his Presence but he is here he is back and he is ready to talk truck his name of course is the legendary day for Aussie. Thanks guys. Thanks for having me back day was the director of Special Projects over at the Star Trek offices. It's going to say back in the global build the Glory Days of the Heyday. Let's put it that way and you know worked very closely with with Rick Berman and so we're going to talk about today. Say that was a very interesting thing that happened to 2006 for those of us. You know, who'd been watching Star Trek, you know for for for for many who say for many decades. It wasn't really many decades. It was you know, host couple years. Yeah. We you watch Star Trek often. It was these tattered 16-millimeter prints that were being broadcast. Sometimes better than that. It was finally we remastered for DVD. They look great, but The high-def revolution had happened TVs were now being formatted for widescreen high-def was all the rage and you know CBS looked at the Star Trek and realized that I was time to to sort of upgrade change the the visual effects. I would love to know because Dave how you got involved with this and and sort of the impetus for sort of going back to the original episodes and creating all new. X sure there was an executive at CBS had worked in the sanitation department named David LaFontaine and they were about to or they were trying to re-release the original series into syndication again, and they were having trouble getting advertisers to bite because they're like why are we going to pay for this, you know 40 year-old show and it's we're done you got to give us something else and so he called me and asked to meet for lunch. And he explained this and said so we have a couple of ideas and frankly. I don't remember what all the ideas were but they were all kind of goofy. But but one of them really want to know what can we put it out black and white I'll try I'll have to try to remember but it with that I don't ride they kind of fell to the Wayside but but over this conversation he had said one of the things we want to do is change the visual effects upgrade all the visual effects and I immediately I was I said your app, you're crazy. I said you do you not And what George Lucas just went through and he you know did this I said you just had a show that ended with Enterprise kind of ending the franchise run of the series right now. People are you know, they're throwing around this word, you know for franchise fatigue or whatever and I said now you want to with the remaining fans you have you want to get their hackles up I doing this said it's crazy and any and so he said we'll just think about it because we have to do something we're going to release the show one way or the other we have Have to do something and he one of the other things was redoing the theme not not changing it but re-recorded re-recording it with the new singer and and so, you know, I went away and thought about it for about a week and we had lunch again and I said listen, I got to tell you I just I don't think this is a good idea because what you're going to get is some visual effects person who is looking at this as oh my God, I'm going to make the Enterprise do barrel rolls. And I'm going to you know, I mean they're going to they're going to just start cramming stuff in and treat like Star Wars and exactly and I said in the chat, I think you're just you. There's going to be no way to control it. You know, I mean, if you could find someone passionate enough about the show to to do it and would have its best interest at heart and he said how would you like to do it? And I said, okay, you know all those concerns I was talking about forget it. Well, I you know, I thought because his point was we're doing it. We're going to do something Carlos we regard Yes, so how would you like to be involved and then you can help kind of steer this and I was like, okay that's you know, so I at the time Star Trek it just ended for me in 2005 and I was actually working with Mike and Denise okuda cataloging things for the CBS auction which was a fun horrific job. I mean it was so morbid and you know weird anyway, I and that was when they were selling off with Enterprise you gone off the air and they were selling off everything all everything that Because up until then everything's Next Generation had should have been stored on the lot in case they exact needed it and the movies everything and there is even stuff from the original is not a lot from the original series but a few things from there as well. But I mean when I say everything, I mean, you know Brent Spiner, 's t-shirts that he wore in the makeup chair so that he didn't get stuff. I mean, it's like crazy they kept everything that you want to buy when you want to have a Brent break. Yeah, so we had to go through it all and identify it and you know do this whole thing so, So I went to my candies because I realized look I I am a huge Star Trek fan. The original series is my forte when it comes to all the shows, but I am not in the in the realm that you guys are in in that you study and know the background like the the you know, what was Matt Jeffries, you know thinking when he did I mean you guys know that level of intimacy with the show. I didn't I love the show right? So I know that when Captain Kirk laid out a plan. And to escape then they would cut to the Enterprise just moving left to right on the street that the romulans had broken code to but you didn't know exactly you know, why, you know Jeffries I felt that I was not a production per shred in that sense of it. So I needed somebody on board who knew that first of all and I'm working with Mike and Denise. So I started talking to them about it. And of course they have the same reaction. I did this is crazy you Can't do it. You can't do it. I said, well what if we did it and they were like, okay. Well, maybe then and after I had that conversation with Mike literally minutes later, I walked away and I called. An old friend of mine named Aaron. Dr. Ehrman. Yes, and I said I know him we're doing this. Can you do the visual effects for it? And the and of course it would have been a perfect fit but because a couple years before this like in 2004, I had actually gone through several layers of Paramount brass pitching this very idea. Of replacing the visual effects and doing everything in high-def, but basically duplicating the visual effects to look exactly like they did in the show. Just clean right? That was my pitch. And like I said, I went through several meetings of a couple different layers of of establishment and then heard nothing and that I thought that was that and you know, but obviously from the CBS. I'd this need a rose, right? And it was also a weird time in that the the whole vision of the CBS and Paramount and and no one was talking to one another. Yeah, and no one knew who could do what and it was a really kind of wacky time. But but I called Darren to see it and the I mean really the only problem was he didn't have the infrastructure available to do it because this was a we were going to be cranking on this and so we ended up getting in touch with Gary hutsul who was visual effects on On Deep Space Nine, but also then went on to battle start so and he had you know, Doug Drexler was working with them and they were really excited. And so what the proposed the initial proposal was all space exterior shots all planets and any matte paintings that we wanted to do. And so Gary gave us a bit and there was no money to do this. Of course as these things always are he gave us a bid and sent us a test and we were like we're This is great. But what his his kind of cautionary Tale To Us was I'm just doing the shots that are called for you know what I mean? So there's not enough money to do what Mike and I had kind of pitched and so there was a which was we don't want it, you know, there are 17 shots of the Enterprise available or something aside from some episode specific things there weren't very many shots of it. And so that's what everyone was was thinking. This was everywhere going to running ways. Do episode specific shy exactly, right? That's what my it Mike and I wanted to we don't want 17 shots in the Android. We want 300 shots of the Enterprise ride differ all different angles and things we've never seen and you know, and so but Gary was like for this money, this is what you're going to get and we were like, okay wait that's you know, that's fair. So he sent us it was great. And then we were just about to start and Gary contacted my can dine. He was Furious and said, I understand I'm being taken off of this now and And Mike and I were completely confused. So we went to CBS and see what's going on and they said well a lawyer had found out that we were doing this and they said you have to pitch it to the in-house visual effects team at CBS. So you guys have to go do that first. We kill all the lawyers. Yeah, so we had to go pitch to CBS digital which was this unknown company. We didn't know anything about them and we told Gary to look just hold by we're going to we're going to come up with a plan to try and get her. Around this and so what we did was we put together a schedule that was so unachievable that when we pitched it to these guys. No one in their right mind would would take it. So we never go film never get so we walked into this room and it was the head of CBS digitales guy named Craig Weiss their visual effects supervisor, Neil Ray and then there was this other guy. I don't I don't remember his name, but he was an executive and he just stood in the doorway just kind of leaned into the doorway and They're like smoking a cigarette he acts of cowardice a scene exactly. So we pitched this schedule and Neil Ray who is the supervisor at the time he looked at Craig like there's no way we could do this and Craig looked over at this guy at the door and I looked at the guy at the door and the guy looked at Craig and he just nodded his head silently just like and Craig went will do it. And I mean we were now we're in it right now. So we were completely taken aback and we were like men Luca Brasi contract on the table, right? Everything is more like the smoking man said the visualization either the visual effects or his brains would be to the bathroom. There's a phaser and but the horse's head is CG and so we had to tell Gary. That's how it was going to go and these guys were going to do it. And and so we looked at their real, of course, you know, Gary had assets. I mean he had done this test of the Enterprise that was just gorgeous. I mean, we loved it and so they didn't have an Enterprise They had to start building from scratch and our first delivery was I think three weeks down the road or something. I mean it was like nuts and so what happened was and then you get there's a whole other side of it, which is yes you and Mike are going to Shepherd how this works with the following, you know a caveat is right. So our idea was you know, we want it to look like the Enterprise from the original series so as far as coloring and lighting and try, you know, we did a small test and they were like, no the executives like no no, no, the the stations will never buy this you're giving them the exact same thing that they're the advertisers won't do that. You're giving them the exact same thing that they're blocking against this needs to look up the you know how ships look today in the you know, it needs to look like metal and it needs you know, We're like, okay, so it started this whole that was a whole process and the whole time running. I mean, they're working on other shots and they had to develop everything the Romulan ship that it was just it was Madness this first couple of months and and so they contact Mike new of fans somewhere. I don't remember the person's name who had created an Enterprise that digital Enterprise model. We bought it from him so that they could start using it but the problem was it wasn't built for production. It was so detailed like down to rivets that the rendering time for one shot was you know a day or two. Yeah, it was like in say was like, there's no way so they hired a whole new group of people to come in and just start building an Enterprise. And in the meantime, they had to use this this other woman is slow render times. And yeah, it was a it was crazy. And so I mean the budget was I think it was somewhere around $900,000 and episode. No. Okay told that's what I was afraid of. Yeah, and then remember my bid was like three times that yeah your yeah. Exactly. It was like what there's there there's just no way, you know, and of course that was a reasonable bit. Right? Right. Yeah, and so so they just brought in a whole bunch of people and started well the contract because it was so ambiguous. You're going to replace the space shots and you're going to replace Planet shots and you're going to do whatever man. So there was no number associated with it. As far as how many shots you're going to be replacing. So right when we started Mike and I divide it up the shows, you know, he did even I did odds or something and so we'd sit down by ourselves watch the show, you know, the even ones are better. I had a lot of times that will tell you which ones I am. And so we would watch the shows and we just had to call out time codes and part of the the handcuffs was that we couldn't go further than the cut that existed. So if there's a three second cut of the Enterprise, that's what you have to fill and so we would go in right those in and out points and then start talking about, you know, we had a little Enterprise models and when you know, this is would be cool. If you could you know, we'd never seen it this way or that way or whatever and so we started turning these sheets in And every once in a while, we would slip something else in like hey, you know in this episode Scotty's firing a phaser at a bulkhead and there's no being coming out of the gun. What would it take for you guys to maybe just the beam, you know and Neil Ray he was the champion of this whole thing regardless of schedule and the final product which was you know, I mean it would they all did the absolute best they could under all these circumstances, but he understood what we were going for and So he would slide these things into his people and I mean they they started doing things like adding blinks to the Gorn when we asked it, you know Norman lifts up his shirt. Can we make it not look like a Sanyo radio inside, you know, and so they started doing all these things. Well eventually that caught up to them and because our her call out sheets were you know, here's 60 shots of the enterprise. We not we want you to do and they were like no no, No, we can only do three. You know, we're only doing the and then we're going to reuse those in the next one. It was like no no. No, so it was this constant this constant rub where we were butting heads about it and and Neal was trying to get as much done as he could and to his credit. I mean we ended up with I don't know what a hundred fifty a hundred seventy five shots of the Enterprise or something which was it was great. But at some point we almost bankrupted their company and I remember David Lee Fontaine called me and said, okay listen see digital is meeting with the president of CBS Television City who runs their division and we need to be in that meeting because I think they're either going to cancel it or they're going to say you need to stop or you know, you've done your Max and now you're there just going to reuse all these the mayor of Television sitting there writing exactly Mayor McCheese and and so and David had me there because he knew I tended to get passionate when I would talk about this and so later on he told me that's why why I had you here. He said, you know Mike God bless him very technically the very yes, very measured and very young where his I knew you would get you know, but they've you get the crazy. I even we're sitting in this meeting and and Craig Weiss started going through the numbers and he was saying listen and the contract was so ambiguous. He said we assumed we were replacing 20 shots, you know, 35 shots something to that little these guys have already, you know, delivered a hundred shots or something and so I was like well, which what's your story? What do you what are you talking about? What are you why are you doing this? And I said, you know I gave some speech about are you risking? This is their business I have to say that's what I felt like, you know, and I was just like listen, you know, I sit down with kids who want to watch this show. And the first thing they do is Snicker when they see the Enterprise I said, we're trying to lengthen the life of this show. We're trying to bring people in so that is new product is made. You have a new generation of you know, and I just kind of went on this thing and he went okay, I got it. I got it and then he turned to Craig and I started to say something else and he's talking. He said listen kid. I got it. You'd stop talking. Okay. Now we're talking about clothes. David was like, you know, not Jimmy like, okay. Yeah, and so he turned to Craig and he said they get you know, whatever. It was 10 shots per episode moving forward and that's it. Everything else is a reuse. So that's what you that's what you have to work with and we were already into season maybe three or at the finishing season to that point. So it wasn't it. You know, we got a lot of effects we can for a lot done and we did get a money injection because at that time the battle for blu-ray versus HD DVD was going on and so the Toshiba company who was running HD DVD came to us and said If you can finish like season one or season 2 or whatever it was at a certain time. We want that to be the first launch on HD DVD and so they injected another I don't know what I was maybe $500,000 or something. So then therefore Matt died. Thanks Dave. That's why I bought HDD all of us when it was clear that Blu-ray was going to win. See I didn't get out of laser. Just quick enough. But this time I'm like, I'm not gonna I put my HD D HD player and all my disks and it was like boom. So next day with Blu-rays boom just went out and bought a ton of stuff. Yeah, I don't training and we didn't even get him we had to buy him too. I mean, it's not like they're handing us be extinct DVD copy that is all fascinating stuff. I've never heard I want to take a second because they're a couple things that we sort of went through very quickly which for the audience who's not technically Savvy may not good. You talked about not being able to slip the cuts now the Reason for that is because you're not really mixing the sound so the image is need to match the existing Center on so even if you want to do a space battle, we're going to create a rhythm. It was same thing. He was dealing with on the motion picture to a certain extent. You can't do that. So it has to be the exact same duration. Yeah, you can do anything within that frame but it can't be longer. It can't be short as long as the sound matched. Right? So we were able to get away with it. There were a couple things that we did do You know I mentioned amok time, which is the one of the bigger ones because as I was I was actually in Chicago at a Star Trek convention to promote remastered and I was working on sitting in a diner working on watching that show and putting in the time coach now in that show, there's the red psych behind the set and it's just always so horrible. It's a giant red curtain and so I wrote every one of those down whenever you saw that background, I wrote it down with an in-and-out time and I ended up with like a hundred and ninety shots or something. Was like there's no way they would have to rotoscope all of that out. And there's just no way so I remember flying I'm on the plane flying back and it was really I was really bummed out about it because I just hate that read it just so silly that you don't see any of Vulcan in the background. It's just this whatever. Well, I fell a lot of all can t pal she's all of welkin in one bag. So I'm sitting in the plane and I'm looking out the window and all of a sudden it kind of dawned on me. Man on the wing. Yeah, I just remember looking down and thinking well, there's the sky outside of this plane, but the city is actually below and I started thinking what if we could do something where this place where they are is elevated and you establish that early enough so that then you're not supposed to see anything you're at the top of some mountains using sky and you're just seeing sky. So interestingly enough and Star Trek 3 there is such a place. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, absolutely. I climb the steps. So so we found a shot that is a reaction shot of Sulu that does nothing for the show. It's just they cut to him most of his shots looking at the screen and tapping on those. I used to hate Bill Bill Shatner, but the real enemy is Dave Rosie. He ruined it. I was supposed to be an ad. And that shot right? He's never coming on the show. Now, you know, all right. And so so what we were able to do was create this this from the point where Kirk Spock and McCoy being down to the point where they walk through this kind of Archway into the ceremonial area. We created this shot that took up the Sue Loop space that is them walking across this Rock Bridge. That's obviously very elevated and in the background below you can See the city and Mike had them model it on the set here. Yeah, exactly. So so that was one of the places where we gotta wait we might have done it one other place. I don't remember but I remember we talked about it. But you know it was the project was full of these little hidden surprises for us. Like do we see tractor beams and the upgrade right? Do we you know the next gen they're showing tractor he's do we show it. Do we not what color are the phasers? Right, right. Because they changed they were never the same color twice. He's in the season. So we do do we establish that so there were all these little kind of, you know things that popped up there we had to talk about and and there were, you know, a lot of heated debates about things and look we could have gone farther but are we kind of came to this pact with the three of me like and Denise that this should be to honor the original series. We never want to put in an effect that takes your mind off of What's happening in the story? Right? I mean it was so while I'm sure that those guys back in the 60s would have loved to have the capability to do the things that we could do today. We just weren't comfortable right letting ourselves because it's a slippery slope and the other thing I think it's important to point out because we didn't talk about this is you know, why Next Generation effects when they redid that was different that we YouTube is what you did was to create all new effects. What they did is they re composited the original Elements, so it was virtually the same shots. Now. The reason you couldn't do that is because the nature Optical printing at in the 60s and that those elements didn't exist. Can you talk a little bit about that how you by necessity would need to clean up all these shots that there's really not a way. I mean, yeah. Now you could get rid of some of the Grain and some of the dirt like now and but you couldn't really that was a whole process that CBS had undertaken as well. So our portion of it was the stirring of the the only the effects that's all we dealt with but they had a whole number division going through and scrubbing all the film right so that they could do their their up-res process to get it into HD and so, you know the like all of our shots were created in 16 by 9. So there's added footage even though it ended up being in the normal TV aspect. So yeah, they did have another team going through and doing that process and and we actually added grain. To you know what? I mean? So initially the visual effects we added grain and things we added this kind of blur and anything we could do to kind of tone it down so that it fit as closely as possible to what the production and what's great is on the Blu-rays. You can toggle between your stuff from the restoration and then the original and and even those are slightly cleaned up. Yeah. So yeah, you can watch it in either one thing I version one thing I ran into redoing my version of the Doomsday Machine. That I realized was going to be a huge problem. If you don't have access to the original negatives the original a be negatives right dissolves normal, usually from live action. Yes, who visual visual effect? Yeah. And what do you do to your rock and roll the a side? Do you do slow it down what you I'm sure you did a bunch of different solutions. It's dependent on it was dependent on what what the b or a sign was that you were going to or from but yes, so in some cases A lot of that Ace. I just got wiped out. Right right. We just had to go over it with the effects to get there and and depending on what was the visual effect became a shorter right? I was your shorter piece of something, you know than what the slot was. But yeah, that was a that was that all the time that was a huge problem. In fact what you know, one of the first thing not to go in the a be thing, but one of the first things that that CBS digital asked us was what's the hardest shot. Give us the hardest shot right now. We need to start working on that and And Mike was immediately. Oh the kk2. Yeah, you're going to the doctor. They tell him going to the Dome and so we gave them that and they worked on. I mean they were a couple of people just sequestered off doing that the entire time I mean so they could they could do it because yeah, they were all so yeah, there was a lot of and sometimes they were delivering They were delivering the night. It was going to be beamed up to you know, I mean it was it was a that was going on the satellite behavior and how local Town it was a really tight run especially with shows like Doomsday Machine where you know, there's a there's a lot more effects. But you know, we were able to to we stretched it out as much as we thought was was kind to keeping it, you know in what it's saying, but but we did and we also had a lot of fun. I mean, you know, we put ourselves in shots we You know, there's a Starfleet Starbase 11 were kind of standing in the background in the shot with the horta. There's a scene as establishing scene of The Mining facility. And so there's people in Windows and things and it's all people from the shit's all either Executives in the the crew working on it and everything. So I got to be Captain Kirk in a shuttlecraft and the Menagerie and I don't think you can see me but but I got to sit there and do it. It's really fun. But so we had those kinds of things but but you know, it was also like the thing with the the tractor beam, you know, we decided no, we don't want to let's not let's not see it. But then how do you how do you sell a tractor beam? How do you sell what it's doing? You know, it's kind of a difficult thing because they don't really do it a lot. They showed a lot of the biggest one was the Botany Bay and so, you know, I came up with an idea of if it's spinning and we have it continually spinning and then it Stops the Enterprise grabs it and then when the Enterprise lets it go it can cause it continues. It just starts like it's that kinetic energy is kind of started. So we're trying to figure out clever ways to to make it work without making it I popping and you know, yeah changing the structure of a too much. I you know when I look back at what you guys did. I mean, I think my absolute favorite part is the matte paintings. I think that the stunning, you know, because of course Star Trek famously like all those shows The air I mean Buck Rogers got recycled matte paintings a lot. You guys duration did in his early days. So, you know you created a lot of new environments in the ones that weren't that you had a lot of live action elements that you talked about and really beautiful. You know, what was there was a guy an artist they had named Max Gable who who was doing those and he was just brilliant and you know to their credit. I'm sure that their marching orders were don't give these guys. A time of day we're going to do what we're supposed to do and then you got to move on because we got other stuff. We got other fish to fry, but every one of those team members was just so giving of their time and I mean it it turned out the way it did because they were so helpful with that budget. There's no way to make it but you know decent without people being passionate. Yeah, they have to believe in it. Otherwise, you're not going to get for the you going to get shit. I think ultimately there was it was like Shots or something. I mean 400f for 930 unbelievable. Yeah, it's pretty crazy. This is what would have been difficult for me that the original series of facts even though they're dated now at the time they were fairly groundbreaking and you know, just you think about the the number of artists who work on any show whether it was Star Trek or Westworld or what have you and you know, you go back and you know, you redo the video. It affects or you create new matte paintings for me. I think I would have heard this little voice in the back of my head saying like I am feeling like I am erasing like art, you know, that's been done. I think that was probably my biggest problem with the the special editions of the Star Wars films and it's like there was this art that was created and now it feels a little gone even though you know, what you're doing is is also art it's coming from this place of of love for what those people created and what they did. I'm I don't know a lot of you we had all of those feelings and we had to kind of you know, I don't know if it's drinking our own Kool-Aid but we had to get to the point where we said, you know, what we're not erasing this right the right. This will always be available. You can always watch this unlike Star Wars. Yeah, right and and so, you know, they early on they put us on a it was me and I think it was Jeff. Armed and Rod Roddenberry, they put us on the show called attack of the show that was on one of these like giant TV for something. It was Olivia Munn and yeah, sure somebody else whatever and with no other I was I forget the guy. Okay. Yeah, and so and it was like the debate thing, right? So Jeff was brought on as a, you know, a naysayer right to the garage easy to believe but it was funny. You know, it was all he would not have done well in that meeting at CBS, you know, it was all a goof really, I mean Jeff pulled me aside before and was just like I yeah, they asked me to come be the negative guy could easily be a positive guy. So, you know, there was all they were trying to get all this hype for it. But but in a very real sense, we had a lot of a lot of gut checks about what we were doing and it's funny because now when people look at it, they say you should have gone farther. We wish you guys would have gone farther and done some more you don't listen to those people. We went as far as we thought is we thought what you want me we went farther and is plenty of that now. Yeah, I think look I think you know an answer when asked he was saying the reason ultimately I don't have you know a problem with it is one from a pragmatic point of view. You said the top of the show, they couldn't sell it in syndication. They needed new bells and whistles to you know, yeah, so is it better that it's not being shown or you know, exactly, you know, or you and the second thing is every you didn't okay because the originals are still available. Like that's that's why exactly that nobody three know. I love the fact on the Blu-rays. You can watch either version. I believe on Netflix you can or is that not true? Okay, I think at least on Blu-ray you can't so they exist. It's not like racing history like George Lucas know we destroyed the original negative. There's no way to you know, which is all Bs. But you know, it's kind of like not making that available let the, you know, it's like having all the versions of Blade Runner, you know, this is my directors version my final cut but you could still look at the theatrical cut you can so I love It's available because I will tell you depending on the episode. I will watch the original or the original going on. You know, what which one it is. Yeah, you know how successful I feel the new like tomorrow's yesterday. I will always watch your versions. You know, where as Doomsday Machine. I will probably watch the original but that's just me. Yeah, you know, so but you know, but again, I'm not the target audience for this, you know, I grew up on it. It's ingrained you were going to buy it. Anyway. Yeah, but I'll tell you that. That was something that went along. With my one weekend my wife and I were babysitting for a friend of ours had an 11 year old kid and he had never seen Star Trek before and I thought well, we'll kill some time doing this so we sat down and I put in Arena and I mean that was his first the first thing he said was this old is this you don't know it's like okay just just watch and then you know as the story kind of progressed. I I remember he turned to me and he said they'd sure talk a lot and you know, it's it was just indicative of this this Netiq kind of environment that they're in the kids are in today. The other people are in today that you know, everything's fast and you know, and that boy was JJ Abrams. No, I mean you either love those first 10 minutes Revenge of the Sith. We there's no you have no idea what's going on because everything's happening so fast and so many ships or you think is the worst thing ever, you know, we follow the canvas, I guess the words. Yeah, but you know for sure people grew up on video games, you know, like this is fantastic. Just want to start fresh. That's what they want. That's what feeds their thing. And but what was really gratifying about it is that at the end he was sitting on the edge of our sofa looking at the TV and he was going get him get him get him. He was right was just really into it and hope to see its gunpowder. It was but it was so gratifying to see him kind of come around to being drawn into it and and and that so you're suggesting restraints are in order. Right. Why are they putting the such a good point because if kids are just exposed to this material the good stuff. Yeah chances are they'll appreciate it because you know what because it's good. Yeah. So exactly I have it a ten-year-old who I am gradually bringing along into becoming a geek so of the of the remastered episodes, what would you say are the essentials like the ones that you guys you feel like she just nailed it and like what's the road? You could call back. Well, you know, there are a lot of shots that I really loved. I don't know that I could say, you know, this episode was a standout. I'll say a month time is my favorite. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah cos great amok time is really stands up there. I love the I love the Doomsday Machine stuff that they did and you know, one of the I love one of the shots at the very beginning where we first think before they even beam over their In the constellation that's all destroyed and everything and I remember saying to Mike and Denise the ship is destroyed. Obviously, it's been beat up I said but I really want to see it. I really want people to feel bad for it. Not just that it's destroyed. I want to see it get kind of Racket when it's down so I know exactly what you're talking so I got with the yeah, so there's a little piece of planetary debris that just kind of floats in and shatters on the hall and just kind of bounces off and I was like, let's have the universe just kind of kick it while it's down it just it made me feel so sad to see this Majestic ship. Yeah, you know, so things like that. I really I really enjoyed but I think he just got to kind of go through them and find your favorite episodes and because that I find that feeds the way you'll yes Eve. What's the best episodes of the show? Yeah, like mirror mirror. I think we did a good job. We did some fun little things that had you know, like we hands to the agony booth and you know things like that and in fact, I think the I think in the show we did the you know to do the transition of the Enterprise going to the mirror Enterprise. I think it's the only time in the Show the ship travels, correct, right you got away right to left. There's there's one more episode. I can't remember but yeah, absolutely and they use the old I'm pretty sure the old shots that were. Yeah shot for the main titles. Oh, yeah, and it's flopped. Yeah, because they had they had they flopped the ship but they knew that they would have to so they had reversed decals on the side when they shot it right and it's just, you know, one of those things because that side Never finished, right? Yeah miniature. Yeah, but but yeah, you guys did a great and you and you made the made the Mirror Universe Enterprise slightly different. Yeah a little bit cool. Yeah, we added some different markets and Bob's to it and yeah to kind of change that was one of the things that CBS digital wanted to do was as we progressed through the show. They wanted to include elements from the motion picture Enterprise to slowly show, right they wanted to add a you know, the photon torpedo. ER and you know in the second season then the third season they wanted to include the dish and and we were like no. No, that's a slippery slope. Yeah, exactly, you know and and again, you know that Enterprise is my Enterprise right? It's my favorite thing. Is that a rocking your mission would have been spent in Dry Dock. Yeah, right. Thanks God to use, you know you guys there when you got to walk into the hold the line. Oh and uh, you know and and protect these bad decision because you know, there are other shows maybe where there And people who respect Star Trek the way you guys do our science fiction and aren't there to protect these franchises because they don't care and they don't understand the history you and Mike and Denise, you know understand the importance of Star Trek how it made you feel as kids. And so you were you know on the front lines protecting it and you know, sometimes maybe you have the money or you know to be you know, you held the line and that's why you know, this stuff still holds up, you know, 20 years later and it was good having three of us because Cuz then there's always a vote breaker right when you get into a problem where you headed out to vote. You know, I mean something is simple like this. I think this conversation took about a week and it was at the beginning of the Original Series in the credits the Enterprise comes and does this hard turn and we all called it the bump that sort of them was calling it The Bump do we keep the bumper do we get rid of the bump we talked about this? I mean he agonized over it. I couldn't Ultimately, we said no the point of this is to smooth it out. That was obviously a problem with you know, how they were doing the movement of the model and the model and so we you know, we correct it, but it was agonizing. You know, it was a another one was James are Kirk. Yeah, do you fix that did we fix it and be very easy and unfortunately the amount of times that you go to it prevented us from doing it on the schedule because all the Rota they could have done it, but Denis was very for Keeping it keeping it James our current and I was very fortunate to James T Kirk, right and we swear in my house and we were arguing back and forth and Mike was sitting between us and you know, it was married to Denise it so, you know, it's his best friend. Well initially Ste. It's his best friend. That's the madness. That's the metric is crazy enough. Don't forget the middle name. And so we had this, you know, we're going over Mike talking like just sitting there quiet and so did he said? Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. I'll be right back and we'll decide and she goes to the bathroom and I turned to Mike and I went you know, I write you know, I'm right you're married. That's hysterical and that's what we put CBS digital out of business. You're right. Exactly. Yeah over the middle initial no and they did like I got again. I cannot say enough how above and beyond what this contract was that they did for us because look the work we would have got from Gary hutsul would have been amazing, but it would but it would have been limited. Yeah, and so to do the things we were able to do really it's ironic because you know, we collect data, you know, they Started zoek but one of the frustrations why they ended up building their own effects company with Gary. We said that they could do more effects because it was too expensive. You know, they paint by the shot here are you doing but when you do it in house you have a lot more flexibility to add shots is be more stuff and say, oh we could use this week as you got a pool of people working. It's not just based on this and that was where Gary that's what comes from. So now it's like yeah, okay, you know you get this this and this and that's it. Yep, you know, and there was no more money so you weren't going to get any more. So it's an interesting trade-off, you know, I will say one of the things that I'm indebted to you know for this re-release in 2006 and a sense, which it probably been I don't know how many years since I watched all the episodes, you know, a lot of them. I was doing from memory from his kid watching my channel 11, you know, because once they come out on DVD, you kind of just go to the episode you like. Yeah, you know, or you know, we very rarely you go to something that's like, you know in the children shall lead. Why am I going to watch that? Yeah, and by then it's at the end like because at the beginning when mantrap first comes out you Because they just came out on DVD for the first time on Blu-ray, but the timing of the third season it's like whatever is goes on the Shelf. Maybe I opened the package. Maybe I did right so but when they came out in 2006, it was the first time to see Star Trek in an entirely new way. Yeah that I you know some shots that I had never seen. It was the way I felt like when Roddenberry volt came out which is extraordinary, right? So it was like, I watched all the episodes and it was great because it was like midnight here on channel 13. Yeah, and I would on Sunday. Knights, you know Punk it sit down on the sofa and how my big-screen TV and there's also you know and I watch the episodes every Saturday Sunday night and it was like watching on Channel 11 is a kid again because I commercials and you didn't know what was coming. You didn't know right? Right. I mean if as the shots were as the show was going you didn't know how we were going to die, but he was totally I don't want doing this or doing that or doing whatever and so yeah, it was really fun to watch again. Yeah, I agree and you know, I got to tell you the internet was just I mean Never do a project and go on the internet and got the truth. Oh my God. I mean the amount of people who commented on than the cells the tips of the ne cells. It was like you'd blow your brains out. I mean it with the the people at CBS digital were, you know, they were so depressed. They were like, oh we went on and they you know, people are just saying how awful it is. I mean, we're like no no don't stop stop coming online reading this you gotta just What you got to do a these people are never going to understand how much time and how much money you had to do it, you know, the reality of it was closure. You might have been one of those know I'd look I'm just as guilty because honestly, you know at the time I think Trek movie it had me review a couple episodes. Mm and and and you know, I had things I love and a lot of quibbles on the things I really like and and you know, but it's absolutely true. It's like, you know walk a mile in my shoes and it's like, you know what you guys pulled off in retrospect knowing what that project should have cost and that the you know, the time look if we would have, you know, had a yearly done time to prep everything and develop assets into but you know, like we're going to see the you know, Harry Mudd ship or we're going to see you know, what I mean Neil was just he was sketching that stuff on paper as we were talking about it and that would you know, he'd build it in SketchUp and then we'd look at it and kind of turn around make some notes and you know, I mean it was it was so fast the way we were working and it's that no one wants to work that well, there's also the fear that it was going to supplant the original and when you look at the original X and how groundbreaking and they were and and and you know for the time they were extraordinary. I think a lot of them really. Hold up great now. Yeah, there was that fear that it was the Lucas of keishon of Star Trek so that played into it as well. But you know, I will say for every you know judgment that may have been off we're too tight on the Enterprise or something. There's a great choice like putting the or ship in from the Animated Series in Ultimate computer. I mean, you know as opposed to reusing the Botany Bay model which made no sense which even as a kid you're like with us. Botany Bay, I mean, why would I be it's not like they would certainly be using that as an authorship, you know, and and so, you know or even Klingon and Romulan ships, which we couldn't yeah, it's just there's so much in there that you know, it's because it's people who are passionate about the show get the show, you know, these Easter eggs as they call fan services is now a dirty word, but it's just wonderful it is and it was you know, in an episode, you know, like the Enterprise incident where you know live Are using Klingon design? Yeah, you know, he's used to bug the hell out of me. You think Klingon Miniatures because you can't find that other Romulan. So it was great to for us to be able to put a bird of prey in there because then it kind of at least ties it back. It's not just you know, all these goofy models and don't don't don't and they were like, you know, there's a great you can look at it online. There's a great moment where there was a lot of pressure on the Doomsday Machine that you guys are under a lot of pressure and They played a joke on Neil Ray that's online that you can see where they told him that they delivered the show and made the name of the ship the consolation oscillation. And so there's a scene where Craig is showing him. Hey what happened here? Because I got David La Fontaine on the phone and he is pissed and Neil sits down and looks at it and you just see if I mean, it's a great thing a great horrible horrible great not funny when you're to think of it you haven't slept in weeks. An hour, you know navigate because you're trying on a deadline and then it's not so funny. Yeah, as you can probably attest it hot. Yeah. Oh you got jokes. Okay. Okay, you know you mentioned, you know, we always talk about the trouble troubles being, you know, sort of a gateway drug for kids. You know, I know your son is 10. My son's 10. His favorite is the Menagerie. He loves a menagerie, you know, he did something but I don't know what I don't know what it is about the Menagerie that he loves so much and it's the magic of mixing the earlier crew and the later crew. It's it's really nice to see them sort of both of the same time in the same episode. You know, we always say in trouble troubles, but I'm not sure trouble troubles is the right Gateway dreams. It's not really a typical Star Trek episode and you get funnier if you know the characters and you get the joy out of its fire if you know the character seeing them so out of character, you know and the comedic thing so it's my thought had been like balance of Terror Doomsday Machine, but I did show him sitting on the trailer because he's a huge War World War II. Yeah, just like going out. I was like a he could he can understood the whole thing. You know, could we kill he really he really liked that a lot to which was which was good kids love the deadly ears really see that's what that is going to look. Like. You said I only hope they can take that old age makeup off with my son. Especially that moment where Kirk walks out of the turbolift at the end and takes over. He just loves that moment. So great. That is it's awesome. Yeah, that's how we that's how we feel man should be right, right, you know, and it's emasculated man. It's just Just that is like he comes out of that he strides on he is, you know, just totally in command and the testosterone is just dripping all over you. It's like he is, you know, I mean, it's you know, he's been completely emasculated, you know, he's been removed from command and then he comes back and takes over and he's smart and he's on top of things and just like code code to I mean that's really come out of last for longer than four hours. We talked about, you know on the on our car. I'm on Great Moments in Star Trek, you know two-part thing. We did over the holidays deadly years not a great episode. Right? Right, but that's a great scene as a great mom. It's a great great scene. He was scared to death. So let me ask you your because people are going to ask, you know, or they can ask on social and it's only did the inevitable question. Let's let's head it off at the pass tell us why this is not going to happen on Deep Space Nine and Voyager did the last two shows. Is that have not made the leap the high-def and why that is so complicated and why it's unlikely You'll Never Say Never but why it's unlikely that such a project would happen again. Well, I mean look guys this is this always boils down to this simple equation of his the juice worth the squeeze and so, you know, these these efforts to these are a hundred, you know, it's hundreds of episodes for a show and what look what they just went through on Next Generation. Amazing. It looks great, but it didn't sell very well then pay off for them. And also to now go back to them and say so now we'd like you to do it to do it on a show that's even less popular as I Geist. That's like I'd you know, and then Voyager, I mean it just goes down from there. I don't know how they would I thought they made a mistake, you know, obviously, it's not a mistake from a creative point of view, but not going one-eight-five with next Generation because people are not going to buy and one three three no matter how good It looks yeah because no one has looked at it there, you know, like will watch it. Right? Like I have that Galactica Blu-ray set of the original Galactica where they have both versions. They haven't the original one two, three, and they have a crop for 25. I watch it went 3-3 because I have no problem with the pillar bars. Yeah. Also, I think the cropping is awful, you know, and but I think for Next Generation, I think it's the only way that or I think the only other way it happens is if CPS pulls it from all the s Von Avon platforms and makes it a S all access exclusive and then they need is sort of like what happened with you guys. They need something that makes it new and fresh and then it's funded internally, you know because they can justify it by saying this is exclusive content on our proprietary platform. But as long as it's available everywhere, I don't see that ever happening agree. This is it, you know, it's not like Home Videos going to come and save the day, right? Yeah. Nobody wants to put money into these things, right, you know, everybody wants the upside, but they don't want any of the risk, so That's the world only can do is bitch about how much money the studios are making, you know, right right, so you don't want to do it for 4K. Yeah, sure. Oh that was yeah. Yeah, I mean so so to here so let's say you you finish these in 1080i presume. Yes. So there's no for it's the same for cognitive stuff that happened all Motion Picture, except you guys didn't even do it makes it even more. Yeah because you yeah, so so you would have to go back and redo the assets exist. But CBS digital doesn't exist anymore. Right? No. No. Neither did they do? Okay. Oh, yeah, all those assets are available. Okay. Yeah, it could be done. So what would entail? All to to bump it up to four cat you'd have to re-render. We'd have to read re these. I like Star Trek the money that's a much more complicated. That's a much more complicated thing. But I posit a different idea Darren's available. Well that too. The Smithsonian display of the original Enterprise model. Hmm is not happening for another five years while they redo the exhibit hall. So it's it's in storage issued a live-action play you can shoot all them emotional. I'm just saying that'd be really cool. I'm just saying yeah, because I saw I think you took that footage from the Roddenberry Vault of all those Andre composite it and recompile. It looked amazing. It looked amazing. Yeah, I'm just saying you don't have to put metallic shit on this on the ship. Yeah, it's amazing and that's not as lie to you that's cited some other show the only yeah. Yeah. I mean look, I I'd love to see this keep going but it's, you know people in bigger chairs in me and it's you know, it's a big check. Yeah. Right, although I mean the reality is you know, the funny thing is cheaper for them now to put it on 4K with the original effects that it would be for them to do what we do all your effects which will be it be interesting because I can't imagine that they're not going to want to but it would bore K release ultimately would be the same thing because you would have not much of a budget you would have horrific scheduled to hit of course and so it you know, the work always kind of suffers. I mean we did what we could but even you know, We're immensely proud of it and not trying to throw shade on anything. But certainly there are shots that if we would have had time to work on in massage and you know, it just would have been a it could have been elevated to an even anybody who works in this business who looks at their work and says everything was great. It's like they're lying or you know, they should or their store they suck or they actually don't worry in the business because you know one can look at their stuff and say, you know, we didn't. Yeah, we would more time or more money. It could have been better. Let's face it, you know, so the fact that you could look back and be proud of what you did in there's a whole new generation that watches the original Star Trek. It's on you know, all these things. Yeah, there's some remarkable episodes that you guys did. I mean you can be very proud of the work you did and you protected it you guys protected it from Interlopers that could have ruined the show forever had they not been protecting what Star Trek. Giz, you know if we if it suddenly become you know for all intensive purposes start to 2009 with the advertisers, you know doing all the stuff. Yeah, yeah and fighter planes and you know all kinds of Fighters are the Enterprise doesn't move like an X-Wing, you know, exactly and that's what your that was. Well, you know in space there's no air and that's shut up. Whatever was in the show. That's the science. Yeah. Yeah, right and that was it, you know things like that are hard to to, you know, we had a again on such a short schedule you and you're trying to think. Your head you've got this ship holding 430 people. What does that look like when it gets hit right does it can't shake that fast. It can't you know, everybody be dead inside, right? You know, Chris not what the interview that happened. The reality is either they got to give you more money. Are they going to give you more time? Yeah, they can't give you no time and no money again, but they can and they do. Yeah, but the great thing is, you know, there's so many people out there who would Answer the call given time. We just had Bill George on her show. Wonderful, you know Darren, I mean obviously ton of people like them who I think you know to be part of this history and to you know, this is this is it we're at the end of the because let's face it. I mean the original unfortunately is because falling down the line judge of shows and now for a lot of people next generation is there Jam you see with younger audiences were the subsequent shows and we've talked about this before it was the most popular Star Trek Show on Netflix is Voyager. So it's depressed to dismiss it and we all you know the so worked on it I mean so but but the reality is you know it's like as a younger audience finds he shows it's not necessarily the original that they're embracing right yeah and you got to lead people to it yeah yeah which is you know and as far as like projects Go I mean look I got to I got to play with the Enterprise in a way that you know I mean it was it's the excuse me I regardless this is not this is not explicit show show me where you touch the other thing I would say though I mean I can write because I remember when they brought out the Miniatures at foundation for Darren Star Trek the motion picture unit directors addition it was to hold in your hands touch the create touch it was remarkable it was so I remember when he said you should really come down here I said what a spark dead and he goes no we have them I'm like what do you have because the original miniatures You know and it was for the movies and it was extreme the worker bee the stupid work of be it was like so cool. Yeah, so I mean that's what I'm so grateful for about working this industry. It's like you got a call from friends like come down here. It's like we got the Enterprise. Yeah. I mean look, I I stumbled into this business. Yeah in a weird set of circumstances that I had. No, my inclination was not to work in this industry and so to look back at At the journey I've taken is just I mean, I know I'm hearing him talk with you. Look if you want to hear more about David's Journey go to listen to the original episode from last season where Dave was here. He talks about his incredible experience, you know coming on board were Next Generation voyageur Enterprise that you know, being there, you know through that amazing period of Star Trek history and it's a great episode, you know, being a fan I'd being a fan. I mean it's like, you know, yeah this and look I got to sit and Captain Picard. Karen I got to tour the engine room I guess but none of that compares to working on the original series remastered just because it was it's when they say labor of love and passion project I mean that yeah it's that in the dictionary that's the picture well Dave this is so great I mean I you know and where we went over on our time I didn't know we would be able to fill in a whole episode and here we are and I kiss your tongue more questions but you know it's people are asking if people are asking seeing people ask you know why why are you always so concerned about time and it's like because you know these are on the electric surge video podcast and those can only be what commercials are only like 50 minutes so it's like we don't like to go over because we have to cut too much out you can still listen the audio podcast but for people are watching it the video versions we lose too much if we go too long so that that is that question and that statement alone will be cut out from so anyway we'll look Dave thank you for joining us again for English tracks words if you're a fan of the podcast you may want to check out Researches other podcast like the 4:30 movie every Friday Rev on the road to Star Wars podcast every Tuesday coming soon the to on who the new Doctor Who podcast and of course best movies ever made every other Monday. You can also watch our video podcast of all your favorite electric surge podcasts and electric now download the stirred distro TV or Zumo apps and soon the electric now app. Also if you enjoyed this podcast, please write as 5 stars and apple podcast, you know, and look if you want to see the visual effects in 4k Who should they who should they harass? Yeah, everybody everybody everybody. Yes everybody and thanks to Bill Ritter and everyone here at electric surge Network including producer now, we miss Kelly who suffers through our talk about track every week and we're grateful to her for that. And of course Dean Devlin without whom the show would not be possible so until next week, keep on trekking in gloriously, of course engage This show is produced by Dean Devlin and Mark a Altman and is an electric surge Network production.