What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude?Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the condemning power of legalism the frustration of legalism and the danger of falling into this trap. So start off with what right is legal is so legalism is this idea that you tell people to do extra biblical things in regards to living in Holiness. It could be either in reference to Salvation or it could be in reference to just living in accordance to the word of God. Let me give you a few examples. For salvation, we know the Salvation is by grace through faith by grace alone through faith alone. So that means that if you believe that anything you have to do is sit going to save you then that's legalism baptism tongues that you have to preach the gospel x amount of times that you have to do whatever for salvation. Yeah any works. Yeah. So those are all forms of legalism, but it doesn't just have to do with salvation. It could have to do with anything post salvation as well, but you must go to church every week. Telling somebody that if they're not going to church on Sunday, that's legalistic. If you're telling somebody have to go to your church legalistic. If you tell somebody that their band is not allowed to have drums like some denominations do that's legalistic. If you tell certain bands that their music is not good or pleasing to God because it's not the genre of music that you like. That is legalism. If you tell people they can't have nose rings. That's legalism. I have a nose ring. If you tell people that they can have tattoos. I have tattoos. That's legalism. I'm trying to think of other legalistic things. People say if you don't pray a certain amount or read your Bible a certain amount or if you eat or don't eat certain things like kosher verse not Kosher. If you tell somebody that they have to go to mass or confess to a priest or that they can interpret the Bible themselves. And if they try to do any of those things that they're wrong, if you tell somebody that they can or cannot listen to secular music secular movies secular TV drink or can't drink then these things are all forms of legalism. The heck is this All right concept come from yeah good question. So these have been very very common for very long time of people just saying that they live to a certain standard and it's got to do with self-righteousness. This is I mean, this dates all the way back to Jesus is times when I mean, there's plenty of legalistic people in Jesus's time. There were known as the Pharisees predominantly. And they constantly were living and legalism for instance. They got on Jesus one time because Jesus didn't wash his hands before he ate. And they said hey, why would you disobey and not washing your hands and just as response is you hold more highly the traditions of man rather than the word of God that you guys are preaching to people that they have to do something that is a tradition of man. But you are not preaching about having to do the things that God has actually commanded you to do turns out there's not a single scripture that says that you're supposed to wash your hands think he did then that moment specifically because he knew the Pharisees were going Question him. I don't know if I can say that I that he knew that but I don't think it was surprised once they tried to call him out for him. But I don't know if he intentionally did it for them to be like haha. Yeah just makes me wonder. Yeah, but yeah, so that's legalism that we see in scripture is is by somebody saying that you have to wash your hands or do any other man-made tradition. These man-made Traditions are very very common today just as they were back then if you tell somebody that like them going to a certain denomination of church or something is better or Worse than another or they can't go to that church or they can't read that translation of the Bible. Then that is all legalism again. You can tell somebody your opinion or your view on it or you can even tell them facts on it. Like like for instance. I will straight up tell you if actually The New American Standard Bible translation is way more accurate to the original text than the messages. You can't argue with me on that because not a debatable topic, but if I tell you you're going to help because you're reading the message that's where there's a problem. This is where people were there. Check toughness. Yeah, right. Yeah, there's an absolute standard Clarity that God has in his Bible that we have to live by and then there's things that are not that way so we have things like Let me Give an example before I go into any scriptures here to kind of expand on this point. I want to give on the flip side of what it doesn't look like many of you know me from Tick-Tock. If you don't I have a lot of followers on Tick Tock I've had millions of people see my videos now and about three months. Months I've had millions of people see the videos which is all glory to God for that. I'm so thankful that God has given me that platform to use. I'm currently on my second band from Tick-Tock because they hate talking about Jesus. Yes. I don't know if I even told you yet. But yeah, I got banned again again. Yeah, I just got unbanned yesterday and I got banned today. You're on fire. I'm on fire and I didn't even something they didn't even take any of my videos out so stupid they didn't take any of my videos down. They didn't even tell me what I did wrong. I'm about to go over to China. That's her. Tick-Tock is headquarters. Yeah. To go and be Jesus because I'm not allowed to be mean. It's like here you go. Please put my account back up. It's been for another two weeks. Yeah, so they banned for two weeks the first time two weeks a second time. So that's crappy. But anyways back to our Point hand. I made a video on I have a second Tick-Tock because I really felt like the Lord was just push it putting on my to do it and then I got banned for the first time and I was like, oh Lord, you know what you're doing and I'm already up to like 6,000 followers on my second one, which is pretty dope because there it's only been up for two weeks now. Well the second one I just wanted to do to post more content, but the second one is specifically for the church like the the first Tick Tock the one that's really popular is One me giving apologetic defenses for the faith for non-believers. Whereas this one is talking to the church. So it's me going through scriptures and stuff and encouraging the church talking about pornography and stuff like that. So anyway, You who are hearing me from my talks on pornography you all heard from me from my second Tick-Tock in case you are curious. But if you don't care, then that's cool. Let's move on. So II made a verse or I made a video. Excuse me talking about Jesus in Matthew 5 where it says you've heard it a profitable do not commit adultery. But I say to you whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her has committed adultery already with her in his heart and then I go on to say hey Jesus says that we are not to lust after women because less is seen as adultery. So if you're struggling with porn, If you're struggling with sexual immorality, if you trouble sleeping with your girlfriend your boyfriend, so on and so forth, then you are living in sin according to the Bible and somebody's response a comment on the video was legalism legalism legalism legalism. Okay, that is not legalism. I didn't say anything legalistic there. I straight-up quoted the Bible and then I expound on what the Bible was saying. I was not being legalistic remember legalism as you adding extra biblical things to text to the tax, excuse me, and telling other people that they have to live by it. I did not tell anybody anything extra biblical. I just said what the Bible verses met. Yeah, here's why they were mad. They're convicted because they live in sexual immorality. So they got angry that I was discussing it and instead of Letting the conviction take them to Leading a living in righteousness. They end up just calling me legalistic how silly that is not legalism. If anyone tells you to do anything in the Bible, they're not being legalistic legalism is when somebody tells you that you have to live by something that is not in the bible. Let me give you an example. I personally do not listen to any secular music movies or TV shows. I will not I refuse to I have a conviction for me personally to not do any of those things meaning that I feel like the Lord does not want me. Me personally to watch any of those things listen to any of those things, but don't know their hand I did this thing. Correct Matthew does do those things now, he's not listening to Eminem and watching 50 Shades of Grey. No, but he does have no can he currently at this moment has no conviction to listen to things that are secular. Is he living in sin know if the Lord has not told him that he should not be doing that individually given him a burden to not do those things then he's okay to do those things me and Matthew, huh? Every day never do I get in arguments with him about why he should not be listening to the music that he listens to it is not a hill to die on it's a gray area. It is not something that I can tell him he can or cannot do I don't talk about my music, you know, and but again like if I want to open up a conversation with Matthew and just be like, hey, dude, like, you know, have you prayed about the music that you listen to have you prayed about the movies and TV shows that you watch and his answer is no then I will definitely encourage him to you need to pray over those things. You know, I honestly like since had been saved there's a lot of things I've cut back on right music. I don't really listen to but there's still secular things. I still watch and listen to right. So I do encourage all of you. If you're listening to this to pray about taking those things out of your life, but I'm not going to tell you that you're living in sin. If you do still listen or watch those things because it wasn't written in scripture exactly. It's not written in scriptures, so I can't tell you that it's wrong. But I can I can encourage you to do things different or pray about things different, but you could tell me to do the same thing. You could say. Hey, I want you to pray about watching TV. I don't know what the purpose of me watching ticket TV would be but you I mean I could I could I could pray about that. My point is is that you can encourage people to do things, but you can't look down on them judge them attack them whatever because they're not doing the same things that you're doing. That's where we're crossing a line. So again, I have use that I hold myself to a much higher standard than a lot of people that I know. It's called living above reproach in scripture and I just want to live to a higher standard because I don't want to be judged according to the things that I do one day and end up finding that I was guilty of things because I didn't want to do whatever you know, how it was convenient for me or I enjoyed the office too much or whatever could be. So I just choose to stay completely away from but again with that being said, it is legalism for you to push onto somebody else that they cannot do something that you feel comfortable comfortable doing. So with that being said, let's hop into some scriptures here Colossians 2 20s where I want to start since you've died with Christ the elemental spiritual forces of this world of why as though you still belonged to the world. Do you submit to its rules do not handle do not taste do not touch these rules which have to do with things that are all destined to perish with use are based on merely human commands and teachings such regulations indeed have an appearance of wisdom with self-imposed worship their false. Melty and their harsh treatment of the body but they lack the value and restraining sensual Indulgence. It's a fancy way of saying hey, you can't tell somebody what they can and can't eat can and can't drink and all these things. He's like, you're just making this stuff up and posing them on other people and telling them that they're required to live by them. They are not required to live by them. Now. Let me clarify, you know, I mentioned drinking thing there. If you get drunk, you're a hundred percent sending under a hundred percent of circumstances ever if you're getting tipsy the word for drunkenness and the Bible the Greek definition of that is tipsy. So if Going to Philly. Oh, yeah. So if you're getting tipsy you are sinning that is not legalism. That is the Bible if you're like a lightweight, you still see ya. Yeah, if you're all it does not matter again. Jesus does not say drink x amount of ounces of alcohol of X percent alcohol content in your okay. He says don't get tipsy. So if it takes you a half a beer to get tipsy as a lightweight, then you're saying it takes you 30 beers and you still don't get tipsy and to be considered Tipsy be like knots like not so we're might Yes to be to be out of your sober mind to be yet anything Tipsy? I mean, I'll put it this way, you know, if your tips you're not yeah, you know if your tips you're not when you're drinking. So again, that's another one of those things that I personally stay completely away from if you drink alcohol, I can't tell you in fatica. You're wrong, but I'm not ever going to touch it ever. I have never touched it. I never will touch it. Does that make me a better person than you know, I'm an awful person. That's why I needed Jesus but understand that there's things again. If you want to say Kody your legalistic because you don't drink that doesn't make any sense. Because again, I'm not telling you you can't drink I'm telling you I don't drink and again if somebody's going to call me legalistic for quoting scripture then again, you don't understand legalism and you're just convicted and you're mad because you're convicted of something that you know that you're doing wrong. 1st 2nd Corinthians, 3:17 says now the spirit of the Lord is and where the spirit of the Lord is there is freedom. We are free from legalism is the point that I want to get there Romans 14 1 through the Reese's except the ones who are weak in the faith without quarreling in disputing over matters ones person's Faith allows them to be anything. But another whose faith is weak eat only vegetables the one who eats everything must not treat with contempt the one who does not and the one who does not eat everything must not judge someone who does for God has accepted them both. Colossians 2:8 see to it that no one takes you captive through Hollow deceitful philosophies which depends on human traditions and Elemental spiritual forces of the world rather than on Christ actually right? There. It goes on to even say that one considers one day holier than another and one does not consider any day. Holy and the point that is getting at is is to not tell either that they're wrong. If you don't have a conviction that that day is holy or that day is Holy then great you stay with it for example would be the Sabbath for this. In regards to keeping the Sabbath holy or specific like like like sorry days in the Old Testament like the Festival of trumpets the Festival of the Passover all those kinds of things that are mentioned the Old Testament like some people that are Christians they sell by the sink some don't neither of them are wrong. They're just doing their own thing again. There's a way to do both of them centrally but in and of itself neither of those things are wrong and then Jesus in Matthew 23 with the world of the Pharisees he lights these people up for all of the things that they do wrong. And a lot of it has to do with the legalism of the Pharisees again. I'm not going to go through all that read Matthew 23 if you want to see some of that stuff, but I do want to make you understand that in Romans. It says if you do anything and you do not do it in Full Faith to you it is sin. So on the other side of legalism there if you're not doing something in Full Faith and that's in reference of course to gray areas is Like hey, I don't know if I should watch porn tonight. Like I'm not I'm an R. I'm in full faith that I should watch porn and I'm good. No. No, it's a Biblical command. Then of course, the answer is always no under all circumstances always but for the things that are gray areas like secular music, if you're not fully convincing your heart that you're allowed to do it then for you. It's in that's what the Bible says. Yeah. Most people don't know or talk about that scripture, but that is what it says. But here's the point guys is that when we're doing things we should be able to listen to somebody else who is in a different belief. System or a different understanding of scripture and we should be able to fellowship and commune with those people just like their us. So a great example, I heard somebody who is in my DMs on Instagram a few weeks ago and they said to me do you believe in the gifts of speaking in tongues? And I said well, why do you ask and they said well, I don't really associate with people who speak in tongues. And I said, okay well regardless of my views on that that is really stupid thing to say because it's not a Salvation issue. So why are you treating like it's a Salvation issue? The only people that I will not do ministry with are people who disagree with me on the gospel You can disagree with me on virtually any other point in the entire Bible and if it's not a gospel centered issue, then I don't care doesn't matter and we should not be making big deals out of non-primary issues non-primary meaning things that are not in regards to Salvation itself. One of the greatest deceptions that the enemy is done in the church today is dividing it thousands of denominations that we have and Jews never asked for a single one. People ask me constantly daily Cody. What denomination are you and I Tom the same denomination is Jesus was and they go and it takes them for a loop because they have to then question. What denomination was Jesus and I found that yet has a single person being able to tell me what denomination Jesus is and that's my point. Yes. It was not part of a denomination. So I'm not either and they go. Oh, so you're not a nomination. Oh, no. No, I'm not done denominational. I just don't have a denomination because nondenominational is a denomination. I just read my Bible daily and do what it says. That's what I tell everybody. That's what you should do as well. I'm not trying to find out all the things that make you and me divided from one another but rather the things that unify us as one body together. So we need not to be legalistic and attack people over all these silly secondary issues. Like if somebody speaks in tongues or doesn't speak in tongues or what day somebody thinks that the Sabbath is on or whether somebody does or does not celebrate the Sabbath or whether somebody does or does not drink as long as you're not getting drunk. All of these things, they're all secondary issues. So why are you treating like their primary issues guys? Jesus says that there's one way that people will know that we are from the father and that they will know that we are his disciples and that's by our love for one another John 13:35. They'll know you're my disciples by your love that for one another. So we need to love one another if they are born again if they believe grace through faith and they don't believe anything that is damning then Great War of the same body one mind one a court but a freak or reeling with one another on these topics that don't really Matter or be showing love to each other. Exactly. No absolutely not like well, you know, you can discuss you can converse about topics in nicely diplomatic way. Right? Exactly. I can have I have plenty of normal conversations with people about things that are secondary issues and there's nothing wrong with that until I start, you know, quarreling debating endless genealogies that kind of stuff that's mentioned in scripture there. I don't fight with all of those things because it doesn't matter their secondary issues First Corinthians 2 and 3 says are you not, babe? Is in crisis I have to speak to you as men who are on milk because are you not mere babes in Christ? If you are quarreling among each other guys, if you're arguing with other people and it's dividing you as a church and stuff like that. Then you are just mere children and Christ you're on milk and you need to mature into adulthood grow up. Stop arguing with people. It's legalism for you to start in present all of your silly secondary issue beliefs on people if you're saying Cody, how do I know if it's a secondary belief or not? How do I know if it's legalism that I'm pressing on people Well read your Bible tell me if whatever you did that you're telling somebody to do is or is not in the Bible if it's in the Bible, then you're good. You can say it all you want if it's not then stop telling people to do it again, you can share with somebody your views. That's not what I'm saying. You know, I like before this conversation Matthew knew that I didn't watch secular TV. So like there's nothing wrong with you mentioning the views but never die say hey Matthew, you know that you're going to help because you watch that cookie they never was that even insinuated so you can have conversations with people you can encourage people to pray about it. It but I do want to leave you with one point. You will stand before God on Judgment day and you will give an account for the way that you lived your life. There's two points. I want to hear the first one is is you will be judged to the measure in which you judge others. So if your legalistic with your judgments God's going to judge you to stain standard of legalism that you judge others people other people for and it's not going to look good. Mmm. I really urge you to consider your standard of legalism that you judge other people by but now I want to flip on the other side. If you're one of those people who go well, bro, you're being legalistic because you're preaching from the Bible man. You better be very careful saying stuff like that when I say something that is biblical like you can't watch porn. You can't live in sexual immorality and you're going to call me legalistic. Understand this on the flip side. You will stand before God on Judgment Day and give an answer for the way that you lived your life for the stewardship in which you lived. If you find God finds that you took advantage of Grace and you turn the grace of God into a license to sending you spit in his face and said, oh well technically God didn't say I couldn't watch fill in the blank or listen to fill in the blank and you just got as close to that sin line as you possibly could. I am very confident. You will have a very very unfortunate day of judgment. Yeah, so be very very careful and taking Liberty in Christ and understand that our Liberty and Christ is for us to feel and believe in Freedom and for us not to quarrel among each other. It wasn't to see how close you could get to the line of sin before God catches you because guess what God caught y'all ready? You know a hundred a hundred bad mistakes is slow fade that you make your dead before you even made the great mistake, you know, so if you keep getting every single day keep seeing how much alcohol you can drink before you actually get drunk and then you get drunk one day you're going. Oh I think God is mad at me now. No, no God was mad at you way before that way before that and oh, yeah also, by the way, so, you know, yes God does get angry at people God is mad at you for living in sin. God does get mad about us living in sin people Oh, I thought it was laughing. Yeah, he is love. Just like your parents are loving and they also get angry. If you do something you shouldn't know you know, and it's okay that God's angry those things. He should be I'd be more concerned with God wasn't angry at those things. You know, I have a concern of God was like, oh, yeah, you can do whatever you want last one to leave you with just as if you love me, you'll keep my Commandments. If you don't love me, you won't keep my Commandments people go, you know Cody you can't say just because I'm living in sin doesn't mean God doesn't love me. You're right. I can't say that. God does love you regardless of whether you're living in sin or not. You're just showing God that you don't love him. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, that's yeah. Yeah again, you're going to stand before him on Judgement Day at and give an account for your life not for what your friends told you you could or could not do not for what your pastor told you could or could not do but for your life First Corinthians 3 read it for yourself. I would not want you to stand on before God on Judgment Day taking Liberty or living and legalism and thinking that God is going to be just all happy-go-lucky with the way that you lived your life. So what's the answer to this question of? Am I living in legalism or am I taking advantage of Grace while I can't give you a straight answer to that because I don't know what you're doing. And I don't know the context of it all here's what I do know though read your Bible read your Bible and pray about it. I bet God knows I'm certain God knows you say so see what God says on the topic be and relation with him on it and consider him throughout all of these things and see what he asks you to do. I guarantee if you pray God is there anything in my life right now? That is keeping me from you. On coughing is going to ask you to give something up if you pray that prayer but understand you praying that prayer you're going to almost guarantee. It would be asked to give something up. So are you ready? I hope so. I desire every single day to give up more stuff so that I look more like Jesus whether that's my money or whether that's something I'm doing. I don't care. I just want to look more like Jesus every single day of my life and I hope you all do too. That's it for this one guys. This is a faith growth podcast. I hope you all got something from today if you didn't subscribe to the channel the first time we asked you then I'm offended again. Yeah, you're making them cry. Yeah. No, it's all good. But if you could that would be super sweet of you all it would be much appreciated we all love you, and we will see you next time on bathe growth podcast.