Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the gig your little backstage pass to the world of live music each and every week. We bring you fascinating conversations from the Beating Heart of a performance seen with some of the most exciting names on this gigantic big spongy Globe. We talk passion with our guests and He talked first concerts. We talked last concerts and everything that you see Center this week. We're delighted to share a conversation with Sophie Allison of soccer money. I've won towards my body Valentine. Okay for the more after her wonderful 2018 album clean blew away the indie rock scene with its assured songwriting and vibrant emotional grasp. So if you're in a band returned this past week with an even more Civ color theory a brand new record in three parts where each section matches a theme like mortality or doubt to a specific color in addition to the roots of this incredible new record, Sophie and I discussed the magical art of finding the right lunch spot in the middle of nowhere while on tour downloading Kelly Clarkson opening for Kacey Musgraves getting to touch Hilary Duff's hand and so much more. Be sure to stick around for the live show of the week brought to you by StubHub. We're also going to share a preview of color theory with the song Night Swimming. But in the meantime, let us not be delayed. This is me and soccer. Mommy. Enjoy. stiffest sync in stone sink and stone sinking Stone we like really go hard on finding the restaurant off of the interstate like finding some like Star Yelp review right in the middle of nowhere like we go really insane on that. It takes like 30 minutes, you know like to plan out where we're going to stop when I'm in the car and I'm like looking I just searching. Yeah, you know, I'm like trying to find something that looks like it's going to fulfill me. You know, it's one of the only Joy's you have on tour like simple Joys is like finding a good place to eat is like one of the only like really great. Things you can do in the day because everything else is like the exact same thing you're doing every day, but like lunch is like and you know dinner is also you kind of like end up eating something near the venue but lunch is like the one thing you can do on tour where it's like, okay guys. This is it. This is our this is our time right now is this one experience that we're going to remember is it's good. So, you know, I just kind of look for that. That's yeah. I know it's good. Like I just kind of look for that and I usually am like trying just like to get some vegetables and and I definitely won't allow myself to have a hit cheeseburger twice in a day or something like, you know, something like that. It sounds cliche but the truth is is that if you can control one aspect of the touring having that moment all the 30 minutes to Yelp and then obviously you're becoming like some sort of human robot aggregator going through. Yelp and like figuring out like if somebody's review sounds to you know in your voice or why don't you become like this like you have become this like professional act finding good food in the middle of nowhere. I think like and that's like the stuff you remember, you know later like what do you remember the shit like a great show obviously, but that's the other stuff you remember from tour is like like for example my birthday last year. I remember we were in Switzerland and we had like On do at this place in the woods. Oh my gosh and like went for like a hike and is great great day and look at that. You remember it? Yeah. I'm going to remember that forever. But that does one does not only because you I think this is weird expectation for a band. It's like, I think it's for everybody. It's like if you're traveling you've got to make the most of it because you might never be in that place again, which is true. But sometimes you don't have complete autonomy over your own schedule. Do you know things change you might be doing local press or you might just be tired or one time or forward have your need to rehearse, you know, whatever kind of comes up. So making that like memory I suppose is so helpful for the rest of the you know, just mentally mentally and emotionally. I think it's just crucial. Yeah after a while to you start coming back around, you know, you're back onto our new like we have to Up at this random Town between cocaine in Seattle where we can get this really good sandwich. Yeah, you know, it kind of becomes a thing or eventually you're just eating good all the time. I loved even though you're kind of like living off of like, you know, you're living this like kind of broken down life there like a man, but you're like kind of you know, you've got you got the class. Yeah elements exactly. You got the culture in there. But so are there is there anything other than that that you find really comforting? Because I think everybody is so different on to that they need certain things and I'm sure as you you know, I releasing different albums and as you growing and you know getting to go to more places touring with more bands, everything will shift but is this something that you particularly need? Either than really good? Wholesome food. Is there something else that you really need on to? I think one thing you know. Try to bring everything I need really with me. I I love to like if I like it the best feeling on tour is like when you're out of something. They're like, oh my God and you like good like a Target and you're just going crazy in there. You know, you go like a Walgreens something like that and you're just kind of going insane. Yeah in this Walgreens grabbing all these things like you don't need but yeah, five like shampoo remember from home. Yeah. That's the main one. One I feel like honestly even like a Starbucks can be one like when you haven't like had like anything but like Hotel coffee right in the morning like a day and you're like stop somewhere. There's a Starbucks can be kind of a beautiful thing because party I guess, you know, like you're going to him. Yes. It's kind of like homey, you know it yet. There's no surprises, you know to expect. Oh, I know one Zach. Okay. That's a huge one for me. Yeah. That I feel like no one else in the band. It's a chicken place, uh chicken place that's in like the south. Is it a very limited amount of the world? Okay, you know, it's not in all of the u.s. Know so sometimes you do see why that no one usually wants to go with me. Why is anymore at this point is it divey is a dodgy? What is it now? It's like I mean, it's like fast food. Oh Cricket, you know, it's like going to like a like Sonic or like Chick-fil-A. A or something. So wait. Are you bad like elitists to fast food? Like they're not even elitist. They just don't want they just don't see it at the same plans that I do, right? Yeah, you know, they they eat McDonald's like pretty much every night. I love my job. But then when I want to go to Zach's Zaxby's like it's like a regular restaurant. Yes, like I don't even see it as fast food. Well something I love becomes classy, you know, yeah like that. That it does. He like Jersey Mike's is the other one on forward. Oh my God, that's kind of like a treat, you know find you a home. It's just like a nice treat you can you can land on. Yeah, I think makeup stores to yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah because it's so relaxing because you get to like yeah and oils. It's such a good vibe and you're into buying things looking at all this makeup, and you could try stuff on your hand. Now you're inside a shopping mall in the middle of nowhere. Do you pretend to put our like a concerned? I'm going to buy this face or do you not have any guilt trying things on I think oh, I have no guilt. Oh my God. I don't think usually end up if I like it. Then I'm going to end up buying it like I'm probably but you know, I'm not even going to go in there really if I if I can't be allowed. Okay financially by myself. All right, so just feel like if I'm bored or I need like a little bit of break and I'm going to make up store. I just know I'm probably not gonna buy anything that day and I try a bunch of things on but I have to pretend like I'm interested. Otherwise, I feel like they're like, I like I like to put something on my arm and I look around and I did this not have approval like oh this looks good. I actually didn't work for me. Kylie doesn't see My skin tone but what it's so do you I think we just spoke about it a little bit last time about like laundry and doing laundry on ter. So, how do you figure out what you're wearing to make sure that you're not like stuck with wearing the same thing over and over and or how do you feel about the hide I tried to say extremely clean? Yeah good. So as for a personal preference, but we also use like we get Lon You're pretty often. I feel like on tour because we like, you know, a lot of hotels have it now and like airbnb's and stuff like that habit. So it's not as hard to find laundry as it was when I started touring which was like, you know, just a couple years ago like then it was like we didn't get laundry on both stores because we were like, you know really broke. Yeah, so we weren't staying in like the medium level right places where like they have those kind of amenities. And yeah, I mean I here's the thing is I'm going to end up wearing the same three outfits. Yeah over and over again. No matter how much clothes I brought so I always have clean clothes if it like starts to get you know, this close. I'm sure it's like these are dirty now, these are dirty than I'm just like I can switch into something else. But yeah, so you kind of you kind of can like we're these same couple outfits and then wash them and like we're a new one. Overall washing and flip back to the old stuff. Yeah, I think that's a weird question. But I think like a lot of bands that I've spoken to like as you said those amenities are not available to everybody. So even if there were was laundry, sometimes you're playing a show in one city and then you know, seven hours later you're playing a show in another city. So you don't really have time to do laundry and things like that. So you have to plan and prepare. Yeah. No, I mean, I think the I think the main thing is the main thing is you just bring like because the thing you really need to keep cleaners like socks and underwear. Yeah. Yeah, that's the big thing. You know. I mean, that's you don't need that money. Where the pant. Yeah, like you don't need that many first bath. So you're like, you're like laundry or your your wardrobe you bring? Yeah should be like 50% socks and underwear and then like, you know a couple a couple Bottoms in there and then a bunch of shirts. Yeah, and that kind of like that keeps you from like ever reaching this bad place of hope. Hope just like having no clothes and having no underwear. Like if Dad could be so bad. I'd like hand wash. Yeah in like a sink who's a so far. Oh my God. Me too. I do that, especially when I'm traveling in covering festivals. Yeah, that is that is some like last long. Last Resort, but like last scenario like but you do you have to do it very occasionally very rarely, you're like washing some shorts and then hanging it in the bathroom. Oh God, and it's not a weird sight to see I think it's pretty boots on the ground. But what has gone wrong on ter that you couldn't account for because obviously things have changed so quickly for not only you as a band but also the industry General with touring. So what is the has anything gone spectacularly wrong for you? Whilst you've been on tour on stage? I thought like that the big tour things that have been like oh, this is like yeah, we're fucked has been like just van issues. Especially I haven't had a like my van has been very good to me, but there have been multiple times where we've got like stuck on ice and you just can't even do Anything in a van when it's there's ice on the roads during like Montana you can't drive like there's no like putting chains on like you can't do it. And the first time we had that happen. I did not like know that really like none of us had ever it was I think our first tour with the van. Oh my God, and it was just like we you know, we're kind of like some like very mild sliding during the day so Like pulled into this bar and we were like trying to distill down for a little bit. Let it like get better and my mom was like so worried. She called she like the sheriff of this town that were in in the middle of nowhere and is like telling them to come like help us and is like, okay. They're on the way we were all kind of like, okay. I guess we'll just like we can't Go anywhere. So I guess we'll wait here for them. Even though this is like I don't know what they could do besides like tell us or you know drive us to a hotel somewhere but we were in the smallest town like they didn't really have any hotels so they got there and they basically were just like yeah, like you should just like drive it. Yeah, just he's gonna try to drive it and I was kind of like are you sure because like we really like weren't having very much luck. Yeah without They like, you know, if we slide and Rec yes that yeah and someone could be hurt and the van will be fucked up. Right and they're like no no. No. I just I think you'll be fine now like we just came from that direction. I think you'll be fine and we get like 10 minutes down the road in and now it's like night to and are sliding a bunch of houses. Like no, I'm sorry. Like we're not doing this like this is not like we can't even get ten miles without like I'm sliding in the middle of the road and there's a bunch of people out here are going really fast and small gardens. Like there's no chance. We're going to make it Forty Miles. So we're like we pulled off the road and we ended up like getting a tow and having to tow a car like like 50 miles or something, which was my you know, kind of expensive. Yeah, but it was just like better than wrecking our cars and and then my my mom had the The like the sheriff that talk to us. Apparently she was like yelling at them on the phone just like calling them yelling them and they like called me like apologized. Like they were being like good. We're like sorry that we told you to drive your mom talked to us and and I was just like, I mean, I don't care like she's like people are just like I mean, I really don't care like you made me it seemed like an idiot for not driving. Diving and it doesn't matter at all because I'm stuck here. Yeah, waiting on a tow truck for the next like 40 minutes while the guys all sleep in the back. So it doesn't really matter because like I don't really care mom. I mean, thankfully she was dead. I know that she could fix it. Yeah, she nearly did. So she was yes, it's fucking out. You know, she's close. Yeah. I applaud her on her Tim's. I kind of want your mom to or so just be doing that for me too. She can just be yeah, I'm sure it's a bunny she wasn't even there. Yeah calling these people and like Custer Montana or something and like harassing the first great station. What I'm thinking is coming out here. No, that's a good. I don't want police coming anywhere near us like, please don't and she's like they're going to help you. Thanks Mom pause the podcast. Guys, it's time to step away just momentarily from our conversation with soccer. Mommy with soccer mommy ever so briefly to share a little something engineer Adam and I like to call the live show every single week. We highlight one of the most exciting events that we can find out there and we share it with you our pod people listening so you can go to the concert. I'm going to keep talking about another bravado. So this week we are highlighting. For my old buddy old friend They Might Be Giants at the Vic Theater in Chicago on Friday, March 6th, in case you missed it. We had the wonderful journal and I'll show it to years ago and what that's true. It was 2018. Oh my gosh, they might be two years old two years old. Wow. That's one of my favorite is one of my favorite episodes every day put those we should release that episode. We will also bring it to your attention see on so be sure to go back and take a listen to that and with this being a part of their 30th Anniversary turf or the breathtaking flood that means they'll be playing the album in full and if you want to get in on the excitement of that show or any other event out Are you can always head over to Stubhub via cos radio dot LV / StubHub to find the best selection of tickets to all of the hottest shows one more time that cos radio dot LV / StubHub. And while we're talking about important things you must do while you're on the internet. No, I haven't anything to add. What's the other thing? I'll do it all through this. Okay. You must want to say You must head to Apple podcast to Stitcher to Spotify wherever you're listening to this podcast right this very moment go. Oh, they're subscribe rate and review 5 stars immediately do it. Now it now also we just so that I've got three important things really important thing the first important thing. Yes is that we recently found out Instagram password what may laughs a professional ship were running here one may laugh and Hoot and how but it's been a long road. We found it. So we're back with our last one ins we're back and we back this must be the gig the next thing after is that we found out Gmail password. So send us an email at this must be the gig at gmail.com. Third thing is what's the third thing this Friday. We are launching. This must be the jeg Spotify playlist linked to that. We're going to release every Friday. A link to the artists that we have on the show or the guests that we have in the show only and complementary songs that we think goes with their music in addition things and things that they things they mentioned on the interview influences first concerts will pick songs from those artists will play Pick songs from the artist in quality didn't pick songs from the that's a good idea. Yeah. All right. Yeah, I think that's all but it's Exciting so keep your ears and your hearts Locked In and Out socials because every Friday will be posting the playlist and you can share that with your beloved's. I wish it was a proper cassette tape. That would make me really happy little bit of patreon here man. Oh, yeah to people's houses like that will get you a uniform like a paperboy. I don't want to uniform. I just want to throw things at because I was too much to ask nope, but let us return. into this week's wonderful interview back to me and Sokka, Mommy and joy But what was that earliest earliest memory of music for you? When you first heard something that maybe didn't spark an idea that you wanted to go into it, but something that you when you heard music you knew right? That's something I connect to that. I have an affinity towards that I think the earliest the earliest memories I have of like really liking music, you know, it's not one specific time. It's just more the high constantly like I would get in the car. My dad wanted to listen to CDs specifically like I loved he had a like a compilation CD of like the greatest hits for the whoo. Yeah, and I remember really liking that and I also really liked his Springsteen CDs and that was just like kind of the stuff that I'd always say play that song that I like like what I was like six years old, you know, and after that I started like fighting my own music that was more for like people my age of my generation and there's a lot of those kind of artist that stick with me to like, I remember my my very first like when I got an iTunes account my very first like we me and my sister both had Breakaway by Kelly Clarkson and fly by Hilary Duff those like the first we like bought those with like, you know, we spent like $2. Yeah, he's got to pick one. I think yeah, and we had those in our library. So those are those were like that really encapsulates like some of the early stuff. I really loved but I mean pop music is great. I think that especially because of tapping into emotions is it's a nice little portal to get you into a place where you can feel comfy on that. Okay, I can feel like I can be human. You know, it's like a safe space to feel a lot. It's not, you know, it's not telling you to be a certain way and most of the time the melody is uplifting enough, you know. So it's it's what it's like the last song that made you cry. I feel like I haven't cried maybe even like once since I started with would stabilize her. I don't know. I can't remember nothing is coming to mind. I've been very upset, but there's never been two years from but Be that's that's progress. Yeah, I think overall good. Yeah and try it. Like I maybe it maybe I can do the last song I've listened to that has made me cry before I really listened to bury me at makeup Creek the other day and I was listening to drunk walk home and that one got almost got me there. You know my God out of anger. That's again great cry. Yeah, that's like more of a upset like angry at like at like a man, you know, that's like that kind of energy, but that one always makes me feel something even if I'm like totally numb to emotion. Yeah, but tell me a little bit about then like growing up in obviously as an outsider. I I know like Nashville for obviously country music and the glitz and the glamour like that's the appearance that it has to an outsider but was there Sort of like Indie DIY world where you were involved in that or like how much of the Nashville Scene did you feel connected to Bob? I mean, I was definitely brought the scene. I mean, I think there are so many different things going and that's it's like New York or something where you know, the seams aren't all necessarily connected and it's not the same people. There may be some overlap, but there's like a lot of different stuff going on in the city. And I mean, it's on a smaller scale. Gail of course obviously countries huge in Nashville. I feel like like garage Rock and psyche rock kind of stuff like a lot of like 70s stuff can be like at least if it may not be as big as it was a couple of years ago, but there was definitely a time where it was huge down here and that was kind of around the times when I was in high school and I was like getting involved with us the and so I was you know, I was listening to a lot of like garage Rock and punk music and Kind of like psychic stuff grungy stuff. Yeah, did that help you with your performance style? Like did you get to watch those shows and feel like okay. I can I feel a little bit more confident or I can learn from that. Like how did you transition from starting to play music and then going into performance and I suppose what I'm wondering is really how that scene allowed you to do it. Well, I've been tired of Performing my own. Oh life, like I feel like I've because I was in Nashville because like, you know, there's all these like things about what kids doing music in school and like, you know, there's a lot there's a big push for kids to get into music. So I've performed a lot before I ever had like a project of music that I was like trying to promote Rob whether it was like playing jazz music or like, you know, playing in a swing band with my school or just like playing little games you like a coffee shop or something like little, you know, Just here and there I did a lot of that stuff, but I had I wasn't comfortable like being in front like a leader of a band or something. And you know, I think it I think it helped to see like a lot of people my age like in high school in their own bands like playing shows and have a bunch of people to come out and especially like, I don't know there's a lot of energy and like konkan garage Rock shows obviously, like there's a lot of energy from the audience and like, you know, it makes it like Feel like someone's actually performing and I think watching that did help me. It's not it doesn't reflect the style of Performance Cycle sure much. But yeah, I mean it's you know, it's helpful to see people young people like doing shit like playing shows in bands and you know, kind of being someone being at the front of that and it was a lot of young kids. It was a lot of people I went to school with his a lot of people I went to high school with so so those songs are Hey. and there was no like competition or sense of that like cause it just sounds kind of like an idyllic world really because not a lot of schools do push music around the world music isn't it's kind of this thing that they put in to lay lamp into the scene of Arts, you know, so it's not it's not given the attention it probably should be given because as we all know how transformative music is or can be when you study it but so how was it was a lot of competition with like who's gonna Saying or who's going to make it or was it really this like nice sense of community? I mean, I think you know, there's some level of competition. Like I feel like there were kids who probably wanted to do it and didn't ever get to do it but there was so much there's a lot of room for people because at the time it's not really a silly totally the same in Nashville right now because we kind of lost like a bunch of our venues in like Michigan like 2017 maybe even 2018 like a lot of the DIY venues like just kind of disappeared. Yeah, because of like is after the Ghost Ship stuff in a way like Fire Guard Marshals were cracking down a lot and some summer back. There's a couple of new ones too. So it's not like there's nothing but I feel like I was in high school. They were just like there was shows every weekend like every night. Right of the we get like and shows during the week and it was just like, you know, like your friends band is probably playing a lot and had a bunch of people coming out and it didn't even you know, they didn't have to have music in the world. It was just about partially about you know, it was a bunch of high school kids that all knew each other for one and it was also like just kind of word of mouth I guess around like around town among the young people. No, I feel like there were yeah, but there was a ton of venues than there is like somebody wanted to like make a band for one show. They probably could do it. Yeah, if they like, you know, if they were in the they were in the crowd. Yeah, like of Music people but you know, I'm sure there are tons of people who wanted to do that in like couldn't do that because I didn't really know anyone who don't sound so thrilling and like do you do you remember that very first concert that you ever played the one that was you Fred? Getting the band you performing to a crowd potentially playing a paying or not paying but where you were the center, you know on the stage. Yeah over there. I do I do remember the for I mean, I had played one show soccer mom in New York like as a solo or Duo actually with me and another guitar player that was like way way smaller, but when I was in Nashville and for for young hearts when that came out, I like Had my friends who had like who eventually like recorded on collection with me. I got some friends together and we learned like I said and played at a pizza place. Yeah outside is like an outdoor show on the deck of a yeah the place and I was like, you know, I like we booked it like got some of our friends to open it and that was that was the first time that it was like, you know, this big show that I had. Like put on for something and like I was headlining and it was great and it was really fun. I mean like a ton of people came out just because like the people of the community like even if they had heard my music just kind of like support people they know and they're like trying to their band is playing, you know, partially because it's just something fun to do on like a Friday night sighs. Yeah, it's also partially because they people really wanted to hear music. Yeah, that was the first was the first big time is I think it was summer 2016. Oh my gosh, so you would hire. How was that performance? Do you remember the feeling of it? You remember the actual, you know, the emotional attachment to that performance, you know, I remember it being really fun and exciting but it was also like, you know, I definitely couldn't like hear myself singing or anything, but I didn't care right at the time, you know. If I played that show again, I'd probably like those that are of those terrible show this terrible set where you just forgot himself because you didn't you didn't check the monitors or you just it just really you just can't even get them loudmouth. But like, you know when you're like, there's no way out because it was we had to play allowed set. You know, we're not like really a soft band especially around the time of of that release like with songs like try that were like a little bit more rock leaving. So yeah, I mean it was definitely loud but I felt I remember feeling really good about it and feeling like we played well and it went really well. It's something you know, and being like this is a beginner like set like this isn't perfect but just being excited that I was finally doing it like was really I did really didn't matter how it went. It was just like that. I was excited that I was finally doing it and a ton of people came out and actually like we're interested to see it. Yeah, you can't have something you kind of a bit of setup. Do you so yeah, you remember the first show you ever saw the first concert you ever went to I do it was a Hilary Duff concert. I was like seven years old it was that like an arena actually touched her hand. What is that Hudson secret? Like I was like really I was like seven throw on the floor. So I like, you know, I ran up and like touched her hair during a song. And my sister is with me too. And my dad and yeah, I mean it was amazing. I was so excited. It was like such a big deal, you know being like a seven-year-old be like, I'm going to a concert tonight. It's a huge dig mind-melting. Yeah. Yeah, when you go to like a concert like a giant pop concert when you're like 7 years old, you're like I'm going out. I've got my glow stick. I've got everything I need. I have my clean hand so I can Reach Out And Touch Somebody. Yeah, it's amazing since obviously 2016 you turd with such a variety of impressive names like Stephen malkmus and obviously Liz Phair. Oh my gosh. I'm just trying to think here Kacey Musgraves. No looking back at all of this in relation. Like do you have a favorite tur that you've been on or maybe somebody that you've had the most fun with? Oh, you also open for paramore. I remember. Yeah, they've all been like really fun. I think I think one of the ones that I was just having a really good time on you know, and also the band was like amazing and I thought the show is great every night. I thought that the first time we toured with Casey in Europe was like just like really fun it just kind of like wet like it was just like I felt like we're playing really well. We are all like having a good time. No one was like, you know kind of going through anything that made them like a little down at all and it just seemed like everyone was in a really good mood. My sister came. Yes, he was in London. So she followed us for a little bit of it. It was great. That was like one that I always remember just being like extremely fun. Do you send your sister like your songs when you finish writing them? Oh, no. You just sound like you a lot of your first musical experiences obviously have her in them in the memories. So I wanted to know how much she was a part of that too. He did actually play in soccer. Mommy for a couple board. Yes. She played bass on a couple tours. So she's been she's been involved for sure. Pause the podcast. Most are you looking at a calendar full of great events, but struggling to find tickets stubs. Gotcha. Whatever your favorite band team or venue StubHub is here to save the day with the best tickets for any budget whether you're looking for a seat at a Broadway show tickets to the Summers big arena tour or a night of cheering on your hometown team. StubHub has the seats you're looking for at the price. You want to pay at the COS radio dot LV / StubHub or their user friendly app to find tickets that are hundred percent guaranteed by fan protect StubHub never sold out with the most shows the most tickets and the most fans so head on over to cos radio dot LV / StubHub or the Stub Hub app the best tickets to the best experiences in music Sports and theater that cos radio dot LV / StubHub do you feel like all the people that you've turd with so far do you feel like they've because obviously sometimes when you meet somebody you don't know what you're meeting them for like this Divine idea in the universe right so you spend a lot of time with that person but you don't really know if there's going to be lessons or what have you you just spending the time so do you think about touring now with bands especially ones that you know you can learn from how curious are you really about how different musicians were Your fellow musicians. Yeah, I mean I'm totally interested especially like touring with a bigger bands like getting to see how they tore, you know, like see how they tore and how they play live and how they even have a soundtrack and I like how they prepare for a show and I think like you can really learn from watching bigger bands play every night how to arrange the song but you can think like wow, that's really cool how this person is like covering this kind of like range of frequency like on their instrument and then there are other people doing the lower lower and stuff and like kind of filling it out in different ways like and you know, you notice when a song like fins out in a bunch of people drop out and then it builds and builds back in and it feels like really good because it feels like this big swell in the music tensional. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So, I mean, I think that's like the part. I was interested. I was just like kind of continuing to learn to be a better Ranger. But do you have any songs of your own because I know I saw a show that listed The X-Files theme song as music that you used to walk onto stage. Is that right? Okay. Oh, yeah, wait at why I mean I know last time so obviously for whoever's listening to this eventually we had a check for Grammys.com and that would be out already by the time this comes. Comes out and I know we chatted about Paranormal Activity and what is happening in your room, but why the X-Files honestly the reason we started doing the X-Files theme was because at the time I was re watching X-Files. Okay, and I was like playing it on a lot of the like on my like in the living room. It's like our hotel or whatever and my tour manager was like, let's just walk out to those mouth. That is a great idea. Yeah, and then we kind of switched it between that and the Goosebumps name. So what do you have for the upcoming to because I know you hit out on the in March you hit out at the end of March on the domestic. So what are you going to do? Are you going to just Wing It II don't know yet. I don't know yet. I'm going to pick something but I haven't I think I'm trying to get some visuals together. So I might find a song that like time Julie. Well the visual okay because we've had other walkouts before. But these have been going for a second so might be time to pick a new one talking about all the people that you've played with. Is there anyone I don't want to ask like what is your dream artist to play with? Because I'm sure the list is really long. But is there anyone that you currently are listening to that? You just know that you're either going to like learn a lot from or your music just meshes. Well with them like who is who is a band that you would really love to tutorial with? I think a lot of people that I would like to tour with. Like our music doesn't even match that one. Yeah, but I would love to tour with like this like these are all kind of getting into The Longshot region now because that's what people that I love. Yeah, I'd love to tour has My Bloody Valentine. So thanks for the more that I was like wanted to open a store for a long time, which is a little less of like, you know, they do to our so that's a little less of the reach Have You Seen My Bloody Valentine live. Have you seen them in concert? I want you to understand. I saw them. I probably got it somewhere on my desk now, but I saw them many many years ago in London in like 2004 or something as you walked into the venue. They hand you earplugs because obviously they're going to blow your ears off and it's honestly feels like you're just getting sucked into the ground that's how you feel I love that the whole time that's what I want yeah now you want to be sexy to the ground I mean I feel like there's so many dream artists but I feel like that's also as you said maybe there's like a mystery around the fact that you know obviously they don't too often and I haven't so but you have had a good run with who you've toured with so far which is phenomenal yeah I feel like everywhere I named before I got ya yeah oh there you go so does not just manifestations of all the further ones like absolutely so do you do you have a certain thing that you need in order to perform like a ritual maybe that sounds silly but maybe something that you're needing maybe it's a moment prior to getting on stage or like what are the little things that you need in order to make sure that at least you've covered those bases you going to have a good show yeah I start with I mean I have to like warm up my voice is kind of amazing thing and usually I think one thing that helps me with the social element of like having to talk to people is which kind of gets weirder and weirder the bigger the venue is because it's the people that are further their further and further away and then it's just like way less natural to like talk to people I usually take like a shot or two right before right before we go I don't you say anything whiskey reserved so you take an auto to and then you can yeah Pokemon's if I drink a little before too but I never try I try to never be drunk okay unless I'm in Boston stays extended spine okay I just have a good time so If I did I don't know. What's the best place I have played but I just always had fun at the shows there and I always get kind of drunken up. Usually at the end of a tour for some reason and I always get like a little bit drunk and I'm just like this is great pleasure. Great. This is so fun. And whenever I've done that anywhere also feel like it hasn't gone as well. It's wrong like kind of felt uncomfortable. Yeah. Well things can get them familiar. pose and that's familiar for you now so that's like a you know that's a place that you know you could just like let your hair down have fun you've done it before yeah oh that's wonderful and so just talking about your album obviously I just think it's the most I think I cashed about it last time but it's really just astoundingly beautiful its kind of mesmerizing but did you find yourself gravitating on this one towards certain phrasing or so certain words because I know that obviously was songwriting that so important but is that something that came into play in this album I mean not like not intensely I feel like there's a lot of stuff that I'm actually drawn towards in the sense of inventory so I mean I feel like I've talked you know there are lots of songs which I talked about like water and stuff like that and like a lot of stuff where I talked about nature and I think that's something that obviously Continued on this record like with a song like bloodstream or Night Swimming, you know, it's kind of touching on these like kind of nature surroundings and that kind of, you know, give a seasonal feel and kind of paint a picture a little bit. So that's something I said I tend to do a lot. But other than that, there wasn't any like specific things. I wanted to like kind of like repeat over the course of the album, you know, maybe once or twice I did it, but there's nothing That was intentionally trying to like bring back over and over is this some sort of thing because obviously you and the guitar still really at the heart of the album, but it's got these really stunning layers. So when you are image when you are using that imagery in order to write to find that that affects the actual composition, you know, when you're writing it the melodic composition, do you find that that also helps bring more layers once you're defining an idea and a defining a story do you find that? Fix that at all. Yeah. I mean, I feel like that's you know, that's a huge part of it that the Melody has to like match the energy as well as the court. You know, it all has to like have a feeling to it before you even get into the words and that's kind of how I write to is I usually start with cords and then Melody and then start kind of becoming like coming up with the lyrics As I have that, you know in the sense of this melody because I don't like to write lyrics Without a melody in mind because it messes up the like Cadence of it. You know, if you try to fit things into a Melody that's not like already like, you know, you can kind of tell when something's been written as like a bunch of lyrics and then she looks throwing them into a Melody. It doesn't feel natural. So I kind of try to like to build up the lyrics after I have the vibe and kind of get the inspiration for what I'm talking about from the energies of the melody and chords. do you have a favorite quote because obviously I think you know to good just talking about like what makes a great guitar record I think what's so fascinating is speaking to somebody who you have such a clear defined idea of what you were at least what you sound like and what your intention is so is there a favor called that you start when you start writing a song you start with I feel like a lot of times I promised earlier chord that I start our but I start in the key of like a Ori e okay like AED is kind of where I my voice feels comfortable so a lot of times I'm like when I'm just kind of messing around with something try to create it like a chord progression it starts out like an A okay dear something I can but I don't know oh yeah but I don't know that it's my favorite necessarily you know I feel like a lot of the courts that are my favorites I don't even know what the name for them are have you point because I was like Expansion open tunings and that's like completely I have no clue what notes I'm playing. I know what the base is. I know what like what the court is until The Clique minor diminished or something, but I don't know like what what all is going on in there? But did you wait did it all come from that? Where did you learn it? Because I know that you've used your Dad's guitar on some of the songs. I remember on reading about it on was that on clean? I don't know if you used it for this album. But what did you learn from your dad or was it again? Just from having that experience being going to Rock Camp having it at school, you know having it around you. I didn't learn it from anyone. Honestly, like I literally tried some tunings like, you know, once I started with his sort of playing songs and open D. I was just putting my hands on the Fret and shapes that were familiar to me and like hearing I love that of course you know and either it was either it's not a bad and I do I need to move a finger a little bit or like it's just stuff like that and the same with open a I completely had you know I didn't know how to play a single chord I just was like messing around with the I didn't like look up how to play an E chord so I just found chords I love it like you use that as the first starting point and then you attach the meaning and the lyrics to it because somebody maybe who didn't have a lot of experience with that might have started added the other way around because you know you've written any talking English and you speaking you watch movies and you know so you can create a story but I love that you start there I find that you know and it's like you have no fear I really see you do I don't know you sound so I don't know the best thing about you and if this is okay for me to say but it's you said you have such a beautiful relationship with it like it sounds like you feel Comfort through it you know it's not yeah I think I always have yeah it's always happy that it's just something that I think people just wish they had you know because that connection to music is obviously why your songs are so dead good taste it's just amazing but do you feel obviously you mentioned nice swimming earlier and I just think that that song is speaking of layers I just adore it but what was then the inspiration for that song and how did you start writing that what was the what was was the story behind that song I mean I was personally thinking about a past relationship and just watch how like things can fizzle I guess without you really then see it like seeing things all along I guess that are like why you're not compatible with someone and I was also thinking it and like relationship with my father too and like lots of different relationships where I see these differences in types of personalities and that can kind of be like we're the reason you don't see The eye on things and in terms of just having that background kind of I would say noise in the beginning of the song and then it's kind of stopping was that big was that intentional so that you could carry on the idea just in terms of the composition. Yeah. I mean, well, I think that that part of the song You Know The I didn't have the specific idea for like dropping out and told her like we were going to production and gave bike brought that in and I really liked it. But I mean that's kind of the point where it all breaks down. Yeah. Yeah into like this solitary moment for just like a second and then like all of the background noise can kind of swell back in and I feel like this also just such a connection to family with these songs, of course, you know, which has been something that you've had on your previous albums and that idea of obviously being a part due to being on the road. I suppose. What's interesting. Is that taking it then on the road, you know you these they have expectations obviously these songs from whom But we'll listen to them once the album comes out. So do you will you separate yourself from that sense of confessional, you know, like you've opened up your story and open up your life. Do you separate yourself when you're performing? I mean, I don't think I separate myself necessarily from the stuff I'm thinking about but it loses its like intimacy, you know, but loses the fact that it's like a secret to you and everyone knows about it and everyone can hear it and they don't even have to No you to think they know what's going on in your life. It's not doesn't feel like it's part like it's just for you anymore. So it does become a little bit less personal. Would you not even worried about like being misunderstood? You know, you're not somebody obviously you you've written it in terms of like a catharsis, but you're not going to go and feel it heavily every night. I mean, I don't even think it's cathartic for me. You know, I feel like there's like maybe my music is cathartic for other people, but I don't feel like I've gotten anything else. We don't really like I don't feel like I don't I don't feel like I wrote these songs and now like I have closure and I'm moving on and they're out of me so I don't not feeling them anymore. You know, like I don't I just don't think it is. It's cathartic as People it's just more like just honest than cathartic. You know, it's just like about being honest with yourself and I can help a little bit but it's not getting rid of anything. It's not cleansing. Right and it's so smart to say that as well because then you open yourself up to having the chance to just keep going through whatever you needing to go through and then that being you know, you obviously it's not because I think that catharsis is such a strange word, especially for a woman who play guitar music. It's always like This Record is cathartic or whatever and that can potentially be somebody's experience which is wonderful but that's so interesting to hear that for you it's just you just telling a story right yeah so what is it for you then other than being honest I mean expression you know it's just expression like it's a way to you know express the things you're feeling without talking about them geez it may you know it's not not like cleansing yourself of these she like these feelings could have been plaguing you it's just like being a little bit more open about them You know and it's probably different for some people but I personally I just feel like it just inspires me to make it into poetry. I guess like just think I just think of like all these ways that to explain something. I'm feeling and I feel like the best way to capture it is like with words that can be like Poetic and Rise size and it helps me feel like I at least have Something to like look to to like explain how I'm feeling it to know how I'm feeling but I don't think it's like changes how I'm feeling. Is there a song that you feel especially off the new album, you really are quite excited to play live that you haven't tried live yet because I know there's a few songs of the album that you've you've done over the last year, but is there anything of that album that you really particularly excited about? There's a couple I'm really excited about crawling on my skin. Hmm. I think they'll like Arrangement that we have for that is going to be really cool products. Like the coolest like ones that are like have really cool range, but there's like that kind of excited about gray light as well because we're going to play that and it's like it's like we, you know are bringing a lot of new stuff like real it has a lot of like drum machines and stuff on it. We're going to incorporate that and kind of you know, just like add a lot more layers. Sand texture. this must be the gig is produced by Adam kibble we'd like to thank Dean burger and Daniel greater for additional music as well as the consequence podcast Network hey if you've listened to Spa why not go the extra mile and leave us a review on Apple podcasts or wherever you find your podcast your comments provide valuable feedback bison and helps other people find us to put information Action on new episodes. Be sure to follow us on Facebook Twitter or Instagram @ TM B, TG pot and January just irritate everyone, you know about the show. Thanks again. Everyone's trying to get you to buy more stuff instead head to Stubhub. So you can celebrate the season at a game where show take the whole family to the ballet bang on the glass at a hockey game or sing along with your favorite artist at a concert. StubHub has the best selection of seats for all the events you want to experience with your loved ones and every ticket is 100% guaranteed get to stubhub.com or their user friendly app today StubHub, St. UB H UB be there. consequence podcast Network