Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk. So you have breast milk with your service? No, I don't know what was supposed to drink breast milk and breast milk only. Did you come out for my cow? No. No, but then why would our you of ha, why would you tell me then I would you be why would you eat chicken? You chicken? Yeah, but it doesn't actually do anything for you know, why does not have all the calcium thing and I told you to drink milk and yogurt. Hold strong. I had my dough I drank broken. Look how short I am. I remember when I was 11, I would drink before I go to bed to grow and I'm fine for now. So what's good posture? That's the growth, you know bust what your body could manage, you know, and you don't know be no Goliath out here this one 10-foot to you things. What a shame. But yes Sofia we are here today to discuss. People black people don't say the N word away. I'll try not to is that does that make you angry when people say the n-word? No, really? I'll let me elaborate black people sin and word. No, but our braces saying the n word. Yes. Why what is it about it's not your word to use that. Why isn't it? It's not your word to use I want is for me. It's I don't get offended if someone To say the n-word regardless of who you are. It's not I being serious. Yeah, like a white guy could say the n-word to me. I wouldn't Flinch don't call me unless he's calling me the N word like that. But if he's just saying it g on me once in conversation guys to about the n-word but you're not black. That's why I think when they either it's like do you have to be because I never understood the fact that there's certain things you cannot you can do if you're black if you're not black you can't do this. Things get enough for example. So if say for example if you're white and you say okay black people can't do these things then it's a big thing like you can't say about I yeah, I do think that people pick and choose when it went to make people used up and not you stuff your drink. Mmm-hmm. Like let's not lie unless ye hot tub when they overuse the fact that They overuse what's the word cultural appropriation? I think they are stretched this to the Limit. If a girl was ever white going to get braids get brain damage damage your own head. That is your own problem. Yeah as for me. Like I'll have braids but I get to other side of it because the other side is that like in the workplace. We were not allowed to have braids. Well I had to have so I never had to walk the Styles and certain jobs. You're not allowed to have certain hairstyles because it's deemed as inappropriate and all you mean like proper professional ones pup of professional jobs, and I'll add how certain hairstyles and then for them to do it and then go to their jobs and they're not being pulled out for it. I got that I got that but if Like super stars want to get one of these Braves WE Post Office. Do you honey? Is that yeah. Yeah. No, but I feel like the okay. I'll tell you a story those this one girl in college not to drop any names. She was white and she likes she's one of those girls that hangs around black people no comments there. I don't either but she one time she got braids same held color as hers. And they looked fine, you know, I didn't didn't say anything about it, but then she came into to college. I heard that people were bullying her. She posted a picture of it. So on Instagram and people bullying her from America for the fact that she had signs. No saying it's never that date. The thing is it was mad because it was people from America I'd get it was people that she knew because she knew that we're here and local bar someone from some Americans do too much fun. Actually do they DT by think I think to be honest. They're the ones that are How do I say this whole black Force kind of yeah, they are the main ones they are the main ones but you don't know where you came from in Africa. I'm sorry. I knew call Africa a country your first Africa as a transitory not a continent you your mother bear. So how can you be the one saying cultural appropriation were work? Well won't when you don't even know where you come from in Africa. You call yourselves African-Americans. What was that? Oh my God, believe me. It's actually like I feel if I was in America being the same person. I am now. I don't think I could manage being around too many black people. I'll I glad you said that. Okay? Okay. Okay. Okay, so not too much. I'm not being racist or you nose and a phobic but it's like I feel as I've grown up being in the UK. I've been to A predominantly white schools. So say for example, if I like someone I have a crush on a guy them white. Mmm. If I have friends, they're all white maybe throw in a couple of mixed race, you know, maybe an Asian. I don't know but predominantly white. So I feel like since I've come to even College I think college was wearing when I first experienced black people that sounds bad, but it's where I first experienced blood. For on how some of the stereotypes that we've been given or are associated with us are very true because some black people are Extremely Loud extremely everything they must everything I do is like Amplified times 10 got a laugh when we love with we must run away and Scatter ashes disappear. We can't just go and be content with life. No, but I feel like like I'm not okay. This could sound very bad. I don't feel like I'm black this argue that know this sounds very bad. I unblock. I'm yeah. I'm not like course the words. How do I explain it? Like I'm not ashamed of being black or anything like that. It's just when I think about the way I act I think I've now flown into a more white so River. Yeah because that's just how I've grown up. So the things I do is like mirror what they do rather than what but which is I don't know like for example, I just mentioned I'm not allowed person. Like if I'm loud it'll be between a small group of people. Do you think all black people are allowed though? Not necessarily but a strong majority. It's a it's a big catch it now. I think it's a big it's a big enough majority like OK at Uni. Okay. Okay the fact that okay my church, you know my church. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, no disrespect to anyone. But some people just loved people and it's like sometimes I just sit there and watch it's like wow your volume just bring it on. I'm not to know just keep it the I'm I'm gonna disagree with you. I don't think it's the majority of black people that are allowed why so what do you think? I'm not allowed person unless I'm with people I'm very comfortable with your pacu. I see you anytime you see speakers like Pete. Can I see your face? Like genuinely like I'm not allowed person unless I'm with certain people. I gotta go with there's like certain girls. I'll just okay. So for example girls are not targeted anyone but it's like you're in a group in public and you're just chilling with your girls and your volume is just some next-level everyone can hear your con. Do you think it's an age thing? Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. Okay hundred percent. It has to okay. No 80% Oh my god, dude. Nice is 80% I do think it's yeah, predominately people our age. I like that seriously. Yeah, I don't know how you've been happy seeing or hanging out with Excuse me. I've been to Birmingham. I've experienced by people at it's like the thickest. Okay, so you're gonna say I'm a loud person. No, I wouldn't say you're a loud person in the sense of like. What I'm getting at but because we're comfortable around each other. You don't mind being allowed persons you or me. Yes. Okay, then say if I threw you in a mix of people you don't know you won't be that loud or you Okay, I think you're making me twist my point here. Let's not let's just say no, but I have to ask another question right one. If there were a group of white girls who were loud. Would you also say that they're loud? Yeah, if you load your loud, but I think I've experienced more loud people in the black community rather than the white community. So most experienced some loud white people as well. Okay, but you're from way from you London it. I'm East London East London gang. Don't do that. No thing is though people like to say, I'm not from East London because of where I live but it is that it says the London borough of my whatever. I'm not going to drop my ID, please. No, I'm not going to specify but people like to say, I'm from Essex and I ate from Essex. I'm from east London from Essex because my post code does Iran which is not E.E. If you're in East London is eating Sussex. No, we're already The one-third power m stands for one-third. I knew that the Sussex it's not ethical Islam. Do I have to do it East London? I said go to Google. So you live on the edge. You're like me my place. I live in Manchester. It's like on the edge of sulfur if you take like 10 steps to the right you're in soul food. So do I say I'm from sulphate or am I in the place that I'm in your in the place that you're in and I'm in East London anyway back, but to me. Yes on what we were talking about am back loud white girls. Never ever hold held accountable whenever they're loud but shrew but I think it's for me speaking for myself. Like I said before I've experienced loud black girls. I mean I've experienced a lot of people majority with black girls than white girls. Do you think that's because they are truly comfortable. You because you are a fellow black person. No, this is this is me looking to save those a group of white girls good robot goes like that. So not me in the group. I'm a part of it. I'm just seeing a group of black girls and they're all out and then safe a group of white girls. Not saying they're not loud. They might be loud. But I've seen more of it with black people. Does that make sense? That's that's fair. This can go two ways guys. Please don't hate it how it is for me. I just got really annoyed because like growing up in secondary school always hearing from the from every single race underneath the sun. Are you black girls? You're so loud, you're so loud. But you know who says that the funny thing is the new black girls that phrase is used but boys but for you by black boys, yeah that definitely main culprit always saying are you black girls are okay? Understand the situations where we are allowed, but I am not allowed person do not label me as that because that's just not me get out there. You like me what you don't like being categorized in something. That's not you. Yes. Don't close for me loud, please. I'm actually quite quiet when I really want to be oh me too. I could sit here in this during this whole session and just look at you. Totally agree. But yeah, but I think it's okay. It may just be who you're with if I was a part of the group. But sometimes I do feel that like well bit loud, especially in public. Yeah some some of my friend wait, they they can be loud. They could be loud like that laughs sometimes so I think a lot of it we my life sometime boy, we could go we could be loud. I think it's okay. I get what you mean when it's not all bad people or about girls, but it's just I've experienced it more. Without black people well enough what else gone do you think that we force our cultural ways? on other races for example, for example, oh No, like a novel question. No. No, I'm lucky. I'm liking the sound of the so I had something in my head. Okay guys because I can't think of a question. I'd say I'd say not entirely on us but I think black culture has become so popular that it's become so mainstream and it seems like it's just like social media is forcing it on people not necessarily us, but because it's so popular you see Time on Instagram you'll take like three three posts and I'll find something. That's how a black yeah on my feet. So I think it's yes in the terms of is forced on us, but not necessarily by us or hundred percent. I think social media has started a little waterfall will wave. I don't know something powerful for water. But anyway, I just don't like the fact that it's like kind of rinsed out the culture in a sense. It is rinsed it into one thing if that makes sense. So to represent black people means that you're so they go Ruff if they reference a country in Africa, they won't say Africa. I mean, they weren't say the country. They will incur Africa. Yeah, but there are so many differences within Africa. You can't represent Africa by wearing a dashiki. Keep that's not it talk to my wardrobe. I bought my first is she last September. I wore that I rinse their home. I'm so sorry but like even like films that are meant to one film that annoyed me. Even though I loved it. I did it. I did it. I will watch it again. Those are coming to America watch that you've never once that no one from that did annoy me black panther black panther you mean everyone going to watch the film know the way that it was poor. Trade Q cater like the way they were just mixing cultures together. Yeah, make something languages mixing your because I heard I heard my peoples language. That wasn't my people my people that was multiple like different cultures trying to squash into one. Yeah, and I thought the idea was nice, but the execution was all because people who have now consumed that movie now go to Every black person and automatic go what kind of forever maybe I am from wakanda. I'm from Nigeria baby. So that will kind of forever me, please. You see like someone really hurt you. But with that one. No, it's just like I am not from what kinda what kinda is a made-up Pace that they Place their figure call, you know, they think it's real they make they make so many cultures in Africa that people who are not who don't actually know where they're from or are from another raised just automatically think that all the cultures are the same. So every black person is especially true. I think in terms of individuality, there's only like in terms of like from people outside of our race and culture. I think there's only a few things that you can differentiate between each African country. Yeah between each other it's like if I were to shoot And I stood in the middle of some next White Town those just say I'm from Africa. You can't say this is this specific pattern is from press this country. Yeah, it's just next Nigerian man. I mean next African man. Yeah student Allison are looking but I can I can differentiate between France between Spain between Germany between if you were like trying to talk between your word berate your friends exactly exactly, but they can't do the same. M4a for like a whole of Africa I think but whose faults that done is it off? I don't know. I don't know representing our individuality or then again. I am representing my individuality. I'm wearing Ankara for days. I'm wearing my actually be I am wearing your mind who to the what makes you feel so what you want because these are coming out. I'm just looking at the Ankara is a material. That's what I'm doing is called it a sack Niger and material like a fabric. Yeah. Fabric. Yeah, actually be Wow. All I know is that we were at our weddings. Oh, really? Yeah, that's all I know. Okay, and there's different types of I should be but I but this is that we call Ankara and it has a certain pattern Ghana is called kente and they have a certain pattern so between us we can just differentiate the two different types. Yeah, cause it's like that Different I can tell the only one I can prop it. All is Congolese. I know even know Congolese material like patterns I can tell their parents but it's like if you were to show me like three of which weren't Congolese. I'll just look at you like Africa. It's I think Africa is now just gelled into one wine. It's a shame because it's one of the biggest continents in the world exactly and it's like So so many different everyone just thinks if you say Africa your first thought is a black person. Yeah. Everyone is black not everyone is black that's dust. There's does Egypt. There's more Rockin. Yeah, there's all of these countries that list of that has that arm and black people. They're not black people but you guys are want to automatically assume some of us human. Don't do your research. Brothers bloody out of the library for once please touch a book go to Google. I have another question for you. Hello. I'm in the hot seat for first one, you know, do you think that you have to be friends with every black person that you meet hell to the no some people like okay, I won't drop names again for my safety. There's certain people I can. Be fought like not formal swords cordial. Yeah. Yeah, I can I can be finally I've not got anything against you but the way you act around other friends or like I can't I can't just I can't give myself to you as a friend. I'm so sorry like but for me, I think the problem that I have is I'm too nice so I won't tell you I don't to be friends with you. I'll just try and avoid you quietest way until you forget. Get that exists, but there's like there's certain people. Are you just look at them as like nah, I can't I can't I can't even go to her house. I can't do this. I can't go like like like, you know, let's just not even go there like there's certain people just know. Yes. I caught I especially like in like secondary school. I felt like what black we must stay together if I don't like you I don't like you. I'm so sorry. I don't care about your skin color. I don't care about anything I did. Whether you give you what you wear the same Foundation as me, you are the same I don't care for I don't care. Yes. What blackity black black but I don't need to be friends with you not by fourth. I don't need to like you just because you're black. I don't need to support you just because you're black. I don't need to be friends with you because you're black doesn't matter. If your bad vibes your bad bad bad energy. Stay far away make you stay far away. Can you explain this song again? You making me feel out of place? So easily know this song is with kid. No, my other pet peeve is I hate when people black people for them to be funny. They put on an African accent. Oh don't say that because that's my whole. No, that's that's that's maybe girl. Q. No, no just stop it will tell anyone is doing it stop it. You're not funny. People are fake laughing. That's what we're doing with it. Laughing breaking me down a towards. I am so sorry, but it is not funny gone. It's not funny. It's really not funny. Don't think it's not at all. I think it can be I think it can never be I think it can be like when you when you put on yours that makes me laugh genuine laugh. I didn't Pawn an African accent just dudes when rewind a couple minutes you just did that's just me being a freshie and actually speak. Okay, so there's a difference than yourself. That's the end. There's a difference. Okay, the universal African accent that people like to put on mmm and we know who you know, who you are. We are you are not as different types of African accents because obviously those different countries you look what types of goods that we don't know but I'm saying like the universe Universal African accent that people put on to make themselves seem funny. Maybe boo-boo if I ever see someone do it next time. I'm just gonna go home and look baby, boo boo. I'm gonna walk out.