Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date. Um, since we didn't fall below half occupancy. We got to stay in the same apartment. So we just got for new roommates. The first set of remains they were cello. We all got along like it was fine aside from the day like one of the girls look like a pork chop on the table for like two days. Yeah, but it was fine, right then the second set of dead. And it kind of went downhill we got. We have one will call her a recliner is Stephanie. We're not just gonna give 58 years old. And we're living in housing. Yeah. Let's say Angela. Oh my God, Angela Angela lived with her name is changed for obvious identity security room, right so she lived with Angela and they were the main problems like I lived with a girl. She was fine the girl in my bedroom, obviously our older mature. Okay, and we got another girl corally. She was great. Angela and Stephanie were the problem. So they moved in and the first day Stephanie the 58 year old comes in with like a really large like just Tobin's full of students Tunes. I'm just so many. Yes, they were everywhere and like like five Pikachu's like the same Pikachu like five Pikachu's just like a bunch of like unnecessary stuff. Yeah, and she covered her entire bed. Bit and she couldn't sleep on the bed. So she only slept on the couch for the three months. I lived with her. Oh my goodness, but with that I could hear her like my bedroom as soon as you walked in the apartment my bedrooms on the left. Hers was all the way the living rooms all the way in the back end of the apartment. I could hear her snoring for my bedroom with the door closed. Oh man, that's serious. Yes. It was awful. Like I'm I was on FaceTime with my mom would a man was like, what's that sound? And it's Stephanie snoring. And witness storing her, you know, I'm her roommate freaked out like she was like I can't do this. You should just sell term. If you can't learn to control your storing like all this stuff and we're like, all right, cool like and I would be their bedroom was right next to mine and Angela would come home at night and scream at the shower. What she'd go didn't you like she had to announce that she was like I'm going to the restroom. I'm taking a shower. I'm really alright cool and like she would just yell at it. Could you know housing housing Plumbing like itself is not super great. Yeah. Yeah water pressure. Not the best it's doable but like it's not like a luxury hotel or anything. Yeah. Yeah totally but I just I just remember when I could not sleep because I just heard her you you people crab your uncle. You ever work and work with it's a shower. Oh my God, but she like she would scream it was like 2 a.m. And she was screaming at the top of her lungs. Maybe that's some projection or something dude. It totally was like, let me tell you and then we're sitting in a living room one day and she comes in the living room with the plunger covered in toilet paper wet toilet paper. Okay. All right, and she's like the toilet overflowed who did this and we're like the plumbing bad. So I'm going to assume that's The problem she knows will look at all this toilet paper that was in there like it's a toilet. Due to be in a position where you have that much toilet paper though right now Melvin joke. Am I right? You know. Anyways, I reaching out like yeah, she was like screaming at us and I was so done with it. I was like, it's a toilet it overflows, but it's dirty I said, obviously if you're the one that overflowed on that means you caused this some oh my God, you do it you did it. Am I good? Yeah, I think so. All right. See you have for me. Like my really big thing was kind of unfortunate. I mean like yeah, I mean we haven't really talked about like housing it that'll be like a later video when we actually talk about the DCP like more but for just for like a little bit of reference like yeah for the most part in housing your It's some random roommates and it's honestly kind of luck of the draw with who you're going to get. You know, you could you could get some icps. You get some culinary people. I had like a culinary roommate who only used Styrofoam plates to cook corn dogs in the microwave and my man was the only one in the apartment who used Styrofoam plates to cook his corn dogs, and there would be many a time when he would just leave them out. So one time I call him out on it. I'm like Dude, what are you doing? There are Styrofoam plates all over this apartment and he just goes it wasn't me and then my other roommate who had like kind of reputation for being a jerk. He was just like dude. I literally saw you eating that earlier today. You're the only one who uses those plates like go clean it up and he was like, alright fine fine. He like made a big deal out of it, but he did it but I felt bad for the guy because like he I don't know. I think he had like a rough situation at home or something. But yeah, I had epilepsy and had like seizures. So there are a couple of times where I would like fly home to California and I would just get an update from one of my roommates and it would just be like, oh, yeah, he had a seizure and he threw up under your bed and oh my God, but yeah, there was one time I think he got he got termed there was just one day where he literally just packed a ball stuff and I never saw or heard from him. Yeah, Angela Angela got termed. Oh did she the 50 years? Oh, yeah. No, no that that her roommate over the 50s. Okay, why did plenty of soap undergo got termed because well she came in one day to living room again. She regularly did that would just be like chilling watching drag race or something and she'd come yell at us for some unbeknownst reason sure. Why not and she was like her she was telling us about Godzilla. She said I sleep with a plastic Godzilla toy. He's my husband. Um, but it's totally okay if he hurts me when I roll over because I enjoy it. I was like You have a problem. Thanks for sharing. Let's be really really doing that. Hell man. It's like what like, okay. Here's the thing. Stephanie better be glad. She was a hoarder and couldn't sleep in her bed because I wouldn't want to sleep in the room with this girl. Anyway sure anyway, so she's still crazy. We move out the four of us that had been there since January. Yeah. Ali is still friends with One of the original girls. Okay. Do I talk to you like every day like we're still friends. Um, I don't remember exactly what they like. They just they did something little that made Angela really mad and it was it was something like totally normal and like my new but she went off the rail and she goes to the pet store, right? Okay sure and she buys Frozen rats. Oh dear and like dried worms, okay. Like a lot. Yeah and besides that should make it back at Stephanie and Ali. Oh no, and she puts one Frozen rat and alleys pillowcase. Oh, no one at the foot of her bob. And proceeds to sprinkle the dried like worms maggots whatever they were this concoction all over their laundry all over their bedding just everywhere in her room. She sprinkled like dried bugs. Obviously they come home and they freak out like who does this? Yeah, and they didn't they didn't know it was her but like they had any grain and she tried to play it off like she went to them and she was like, oh my God, like I'm so sorry. This happened to you. Like if you ever need anything like just let me know like we can totally talk like oh my God, that's crazy. And I can't imagine like I would have burnt everything. I owned at that point. It was oh my God, and then eventually obviously she knows she's crazy. So she Tries to go to housing with it. Mmm and the girls just deny deny deny that got their tactic and housings like what we're really sorry. This happened you but we don't have any proof that there's gold in its there's not a whole lot we can do yeah, which is which is fair. Hmm. Because like up until this point like housing hadn't been brought in because she was just kind of crazy and they not they just brush it off as like, oh, she's just a little like nutty like it's fine. Yeah, she had never done anything like super horrible like this. Hmm. And so Ali had to get the police involved. So she went and like talk to Orange County and eventually like Orange County like, you know talk to housing like they they sat down with Angela again, Angela eventually admitted to housing and just got her and because she sprinkled ride bugs everywhere. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Don't know if dead animals would necessarily be better than that in terms of in terms of that. I don't know man. Yeah, we had a parish. You would have filled what you'd fish. Yeah, we have fish is Keisha dude. I love fish. I got fish right now. But um, dang, what a great start to the podcast. Honestly to solid adverse Odes great. Thank you for every cat cat was what front desk Grand flow the grand Grand Floridian. What else did you do your what year you were spring spring spring 2019. Yeah. I did. I started off in quick service. At the Grand at Gasparilla Island Grill, and then we were over staff so they called us and were like hey, whoever you want whenever you want to go which is super rare by the way guys. Yeah, not not a normal thing, but they were like you can go wherever we want to go and I was like put me in front desk and I said cool you can go to the Grand front desk, but I did the rest of my program. Well, there you go. Hey Cat. Thanks for being here. Thanks for tuning in. Thanks. Let's do another episode of the Disney College podcast.