You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In episode together we did have a really great episode that we were looking forward to with some great topics and I'm going to let you know a little bit about what that is and a teaser about that but I figured I would take the opportunity instead of not putting out any audio this week. We would instead just put out a little briefing kind of like letting you know what we're doing in the state of the show if you've listened to our show since the time that we were doing content for The Elder Scrolls. as Legends then you know that I occasionally did sort of a brief State of the State of the show or state of the podcast episode that would kind of be sort of like a knee between episodes or letting you know where we are because there's a lot of stuff that you could break up an episode with sort of like with advertisements and you know before when we had a sponsor information about them our patreon page or Discord all of these different things that Could take time to talk about that really drive me nuts about other podcasts. I've listened to a lot of podcasts and one of the things that drives me crazy is having to pause for a commercial two or three or even more times throughout the episode. And so we really do try to avoid that. We instead sort of plug the patreon page before and after and I just want to send say a special. Thank you to our preacher. Patrons and those who have been, you know supporting the show financially, we pour every cent of that back into the show. So we're just really appreciate that. It makes things a lot better and a lot easier for us. And so we're very thankful for you know, even a penny or a dime or nickel that comes through the patreon page. We really appreciate that. So in our next episode we are going to be doing a show with just Iain or just dbn and I And we're going to be spending most of our time talking about something that came in over a Discord over Discord. We had someone who sent in a request that we talked about the difference between you know, mid-range control and aggro decks. And I think we'll even get into a little bit of combo decks because sometimes those are just a little bit different and we want to have an in-depth conversation and although I'm not really intimidated talking about that on my own. It's always better to have somebody here with you to take a moment and talk about the those sorts of things because you got to bounce things off of one another and so we're going to wait and hold off but that highlight something that's really important. And that is we really do deeply value when people ask us questions or post content in our Discord in the podcast Q&A section. And so if you're not part of our Discord, I usually put a link for it in the show notes, but you can also I think you can literally just Google Legends cast Discord and it will come up come and join the Discord and Listen, if you're the type of person who you listen to podcast you play these games, but you're not a Discord person, which is probably relatively abnormal if you're because we're in beta now, it's only on PC. Most people who play PC games are aware of Discord. But if you're not someone who uses Discord, I was really hesitant to check it out because I don't use social media and basically Off the Grid with all that sort of stuff. I just don't have time in life to waste it on sort of, you know, thumb flicking through Facebook and Twitter and Instagram. But something that I have found really interesting is that this court doesn't really feel that way Discord is a community generator in my opinion and it's a really great place to sort of connect with people share some thoughts and also just connect with people over a game that you're enjoying which we hope that you're enjoying Legends runeterra and you're enjoying it enough to listen to this episode. So you must be enjoying the game. So join our Discord it honestly is worth downloading the app, even if you Don't want to join any other Discord servers. I'm in a handful of Discord servers. I have basically everything you did but to and those are Discord servers that I'm like personally really connected with. I've been really impressed with this court as someone who's been kind of a late adopter and wasn't really interested in it. I've been amazed at how well we've had the opportunity to sort of connect with people over Discord. So I'm just going to encourage you to download that Discord at find our Discord and come join the conversation about the legends of tomorrow. Go with us. I know that sometimes podcast can get a little bit businesslike, but we're really not about business. We're really just about meeting people. We both are kind of at a point right now where we're not really like content creation is a fun hobby for both dead broke nerd and I and something that we enjoy doing because it sort of flexes our creativity and meeting people through that is is really the chief goal. I mean, it's Getting people to other people through content creation. And so that's the main goal like when you come and join our Discord, it really does make us happy. And when you participate in the Discord, it makes us even more happy now on to something that's a little bit more businessí. Listen the way that podcasts work or the algorithm or whatever it is that promotes podcasts is relatively small. Simple in comparison to things like YouTube or I don't know other different mediums for releasing content. It really is iTunes and its ratings and reviews ratings and reviews push you up the charts right now. If you go look at Legends of runeterra you search that in the Apple podcast or you're going to come up with three different shows and actually room terrible radio, Saucy mailman is In our Discord and he's a great dude. So go check out their show as well. This isn't about necessary being at the top but it is giving people feedback and we want to encourage you to do that. So one of the ways that we're encouraging you to do that is if you haven't noticed we did just get in all new logo and podcast artwork, which I'm going to shout out to people for that in a moment, but we're going to take that artwork that vectored image of the logo Legends cast. Words themselves and we're going to put that on something. It's either probably going to be a t-shirt or a hat. We're waiting to get back some ideas and some some mock-ups and some prices for both of those things from a good buddy of mine who does t-shirts and hats and all sorts of things. It won't be anything weird. It's not going to make an apron but what we're going to do is each month. We're going to have a giveaway and that giveaway is going to be taken out of the people who are willing to go over to iTunes and leave us a rating and review. Not just a rating is if you leave us a rating we won't know what your name is. You leave us a rating and review so you'll go over there and you genuinely like what we're doing and you will it give us a five star rating and a review and listen. Here's the thing. Like if you don't think it's five star worthy rate US however, you want to write us and we'll still put you in the drawing for whatever it is that we're going to give away. We're going to give one away each month this year for the remainder of 2020. That's the plan so go over there and leave us a rating and review on iTunes. And we will shout you out on the show. But then in addition to shouting out of the show, we will put you in the drawing to actually get to whatever piece of merch that we're going to be giving away in each month. We'll start a new one with the people who are participating in leaving us a rating and review that month. So if you're interested in that new, you know, maybe you want to win something the end of March will announce it on the show and then you can message us with shipping information and we'll get you out but that's a hat or a t-shirt or coffee mugs. Something whatever that's going to be will get that out to you and I'm personally really excited about it because I'd love to get a piece of merch or something that I can wear around with the logo for the show on it because I think it's really awesome which leads me to shout out to people. The first one is guy named Gregory Miller Gregory Miller is a young guy. He is a friend of mine. I've known him since he was probably in middle school when he was in our youth ministry and Gregory is in film right now and doing a really really awesome job. We ask someone to put together our logo and he was just busy with a lot of other graphic design Gregory had the program and had taken a brief course in it. So he threw together our first Legends of runeterra logo and podcast artwork, which we aren't currently using but I really really appreciate Gregory for doing that. So check out his YouTube content. He puts out sort of documentary type films. Or short clips on his YouTube channel. I think he's Gregory. It's YouTube / Gregory Miller like 90% sure could be Gregory Miller Productions. Go check out what he's putting out there. His heart is to tell the story of people who can't tell their story. He's actually picking up equipment. He's going to be going to Uganda with me this summer to an orphanage / school and we're going to be recording the story of 420 children a hundred and twenty of those children are orphaned from either. Science or human trafficking or from the AIDS epidemic in Uganda and we are going to be telling the story of the couple who went to this small village in Uganda and started a school in his radically changing the lives forever of the children who would have either ended up his street kids are starving but are getting an education and he's going to come along and tell that story and hopefully some of that will be going on his YouTube channel as well. So make sure you go check that out. The other guy is Christian rafet. Oh, A friend of mine from college in an incredible graphic designer and marketer. He is now working with me putting content together for the show and some other projects that I have in mind. He put together our current artwork and is actually going to be putting together some phone what wallpapers and some desktop wallpaper backgrounds with different pieces of artwork with the legend Cask logo on them so different piece of artwork from the game really excited for that check him out. I think he is Christian Road. He's a rafet. Oh creative. Creative he's starting his own marketing company. If you're looking for graphic design look no further. He does really incredible content and although he hasn't focused on video game art work. I'm sure he would love to work with you. So if you're looking for graphic design workers something make sure you go over there and check out Christian. I really don't have a tremendous amount more to announce on the show Good Ian and I have both been having a blast playing runeterra and in doing the show in this Shows grown really great. In fact, we're going to be celebrating 10,000 plays here soon, which is a really exciting milestone for us. And so you can look forward to Future content. Sometimes it's I think it's like hard just kind of like how long are they really doing this? How committed do I really want to get? You know, we're not we're not really in this for we're definitely not in this for the money. If we were in this for the money, we'd be silly. So we're in it just for the community and because we enjoy talking about something that we are enjoying and so that doesn't intend to start probably not going to stop anytime soon. I don't think we're going to heat Legends runeterra anytime soon. And so we've been really enjoying the game and really enjoying creating content for it. So we're not going anywhere and we've really enjoyed playing game. I mean we podcasted about Elder Scrolls Legends until it was in the proverbial grave. So I don't think Legends of runeterra is heading there anytime soon. I'm the Thing is if you want a friend request me on on runeterra. I am the one one three list. I know I go by the lift now, but originally I was the one one three lift and there's a story behind that that I won't share today. And anyway, if you want to friend me on runeterra, go ahead and do that. I'd love to play a couple of games with you and pretty soon spectator mode is going to be on and I always loved spectating people especially people from the show. We do hope to do some stuff in the future one spectator mode is out. Maybe do some casted or non casted tournaments for patrons and subscribers or Discord users. We're not a hundred percent sure what that's going to look like yet. As Ian is adjusting to a new job and I am managing everything that I have in my own life. We are just loving putting up a show each week, which is what we're capable of doing, you know right now. Okay, there's no reason for this in-between episode to be terribly long, but I do want to give a closing thought. That is absolutely one of my ultimate favorite parts of doing the show is giving closing thoughts at the end. And so my closing thought is I've been reading a handful of books about technology and I think that this is really really important because most of us all are well, we're listening to this podcast over a phone or through our computer. We're pretty technologically savvy Tech is in our hands if we're playing a game in beta where Probably Gamers and technology has become an integrated part of all of our lives, but it was reading a book recently by a guy. Who's he's a lawyer from DC. He's a bit of a modern monastic and he wrote a book that is definitely from like a judeo Christian worldview, but I think is a really powerful book period called the common Rule and in that book. He talks about a handful of habits, which you could augment sort of based off of what your own personal belief system is But he basically said up a grouping of habits that prevent us from having our lives driven and I guess sort of controlled by the technology that is at our fingertips all the time. One of the things that he said in the book that I absolutely love is that Although our phones aren't naturally good or evil they are not neutral either and I think that that's a really profound statement. Our phones aren't neck naturally good or evil. oil, but they are also not neutral and I think that's something that we need to remember our phones have an agenda marketers social media creators have an agenda for your life the more they can keep you flicking through social media the more often they can sell you things and the more ad Revenue they generate people want you to be looking at your phone and to be looking at your screens as often is they possibly can which is why we don't take On extra random sponsors like the program that we use to host the podcast encourages because it's not that important to us. We would rather you come to get the content that you want to get without having to be bombarded by lots of other messages so that we can turn three or four bucks be careful of the content that you consume social marketers and different people know an app producers know that there are certain emotions that trigger in your brain that are addictive and anger and fear are two of the strongest emotions are brain in experience. And if we experience anger and fear by flicking through things on our phone often enough, then they will consistently bring us back to experience those same emotions and make more ad Revenue off of us. So I'm just telling you be careful one of the things that I've practiced and because I am a pastor is waking up early in the morning making a cup of coffee in getting my Bible in reading it before I open my phone. I've also taken on the habit of making sure that my phone goes on do not disturb at night at about 9:00 p.m. And doesn't wait back up until 7 a.m. I want my phone to go to sleep before me and I want to wake up before my phone wakes up. It's a quote from a guy named Andy Crouch and it was also in this book called The Common Rule and I don't know where you are or what you believe and obviously I'm not trying to shove it down your throat. Otherwise, this would be a religious podcast and not a video game podcast. But whatever that is for you that you need to do in the morning whether that's waking up and getting on your bicycle which would be a good thing to do for me because it helped me lose weight, or maybe that's reading a specific book or Patapsco that's reading the Quran or maybe that is getting out for a walk or meditating perhaps that's yoga. Whatever. It is allow that first thing that informs your life to come before your phone. Whatever that may be the thing that we give the first and the last Word in our life every single day will have a dramatic influence over us. So be sure to make well make sure that the things that you're giving the most influence over you in your life are good things and things that you want to have influence over your life. Well that's going to do it for this state of the podcast address and the episode that we're going to be doing sort of between two episodes for Legends of root era. I hope that you enjoyed it and it it got a lot of sort of the business side of things out of the way. So that's going to wrap up this short episode of Legends cast. Thank you so much for tuning in and be sure to come back next week for the next full episode with me and dead wrote nerd. Thanks for listening to Legends cast. This episode was made possible by listeners like you if you want to become a supporter of the show visit patreon.com slash Legends cast or leave a rating and review wherever it is that you listen to podcasts.