Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your room or you really sad about it or what's going on?Your first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do. You're my first love it, too. You don't okay pal, you know, I'm getting over there. I'm every the quote Tom Brady. I'm going to quote Tom Brady and Tom versus time and I'm going to say that I'm I'm doing it's a loaded question. Yeah, how about mine personally is Tom Brady when asked about Nikki. Oh Harry's return to practice in the summer. And that's up. Let's keep it going. Yeah, it's already getting ready to have a first-round wide receiver and surgeon to line up. Yeah. Let's keep it going been playing with the undrafted guy kind of like him better playing fucking Gunner and Jacoby and Also DonTrell, it's cheese. What happens great not here. We are. Here we are again. Not me. Not me. Alonzo has been a long time since I've done a podcast been you to we've been super busy, you know went on a couple went on a couple of shows couple other podcast, but haven't done mine, but now we're back and we can talk at all the about all the good Tom Brady stuff because there's only so many stuff almost only so much stuff I can say on Twitter and so much stuff we can talk we can talk about the Tom Brady stuff. There's not much. Good Tom Brady stuff just to be very obvious. Very fair. All there's very good stuff is very good for us. Not for us the New England Patriots not for we not for you and me and every not for we absolutely not for a week. We is we is in a tough spot right now. We used in a very tough spot and let's just start off with that. So Tom Brady and the Patriots which who never ever we hear anything from like like do you know maybe Tom Brady like, when's the last time you heard a report in the NFL before Tom Brady was a free Edge and you're like man to Tom Brady. You leaked that to the Press like when was the last time and now they're having now they're having like leak Wars where it's like I'm currently something for Brady and then shifters leaking something for the Patriots and then scepters leaking something about the Patriots and then Brady's come and visit. This is this is all very hilarious laws of what is actually the last time you remember this you remember Tom with the Patriots Yeah. Remember last time you're like man, I think Tom Brady like that. Okay, it's got to be some during deflategate. I don't remember. I literally don't I can't recall one time. I was like, you know what that was Tom Brady. This is this is such a thing. This is honestly at this point like it's just annoying like the dudes going to be a free agent. Belichick is treating him. Like he's any other free agent should Belichick be doing that. You can debate the debate it if you want. And I would say that Brady's probably earned a little more respect than a little, you know different treatment than a guy like fucking Joe Tunney has but hey, that's just that's not how Belichick is operated with 20 years for 20 years with Brady. Brady should know it at this point and yeah, they're like the taught that talk about it's not looking promising. He's coming back and then the what was the One from the other day the phone call that went poorly and then Belichick or the Patriots retaliating to the first one with well, we have to see how the CBA stuff plays out retaliating yesterday. The other one that they just like kind of had a conversation in left it at that. So, I don't know. It's It's kind of worn on us. Honestly, I would say like, when's the last time someone had a phone conversation with Bill Belichick and after they got off the phone. They're like man, you know what that was actually exactly good stuff those good stuff right there. Oh that wasn't good stuff. I don't think that's literally ever happened. If they'd been in pissing contest with guys even like the grunk stuff when the one offseason were before 2018 or Drunk like weighing retirement. There wasn't this just didn't go on it kind of all stayed in house. Now, it feels really like Brady's communicating to the fans and he's communicating that everyone just exactly how he's feeling on a seemingly like minute-by-minute basis. Like all of the Pats beat is gotten the same leak It's Tom Brady versus The Establishment. Yeah, I'm pretty Tom Brady. Don't care. Yeah, I'm always going to be Pro Tom Brady, but he's like and I can admit when he's being a little annoying. Annoying fucking leaking stop right there. I talked to Bill. Oh, it didn't go. Well, it's two weeks away. Keep it in your pants. Okay. Wait, what was it wasn't the first one the two years 60 million won. The Patriots are like the nature think probably the Patriots probably could they would offer him so much. I don't know. The first one on this leak. The first one was yeah, it was rap sheet and it was the morning of the Super Bowl and it was the Pats like being willing to offer two years and 60 million, but it was also Brady like demanding more weapons and that's been like a recurring thing honestly, which is surprise me that it's the narrative is kind of stuck and that it's almost become a fact now that yeah Brady wants to come back, but he'll only come Come back with like a more help around them, which you know what? I think that's fair. I think what they saddled and with especially really during the season you can make the argument for they had some Talent there but going into training camp the depth chart at receiver in tight end was a joke. And over the course, as you know, kind of played out that a really tough time at those spots. Anyways, yeah, the first sleep was rap sheet and it was two-year 60 million and it was weapons. And then I I think Curran wrote on that that neither Brady nor the Patriots were happy about it. That being said one of them leaked it. So maybe it was like ownership get like if I had to guess that was craft. Mmm, one of the crafts. Yeah. Rubs hand evilly on Chen Sadie. Hmm say talk to you go to school with her. Yeah, I'm gonna ask her I'm gonna ask her just walking up there where you'll be going that way you leak in that shit to rap sheet. Okay. Why are you leaking? Hey, Rob doesn't help any don't even don't even say I just walked up to her and just point your finger at it's a hey cut the shit. Cut that shit out. Then you immediately get arrested. Yeah. Well a friend of mine. She had her birthday party at a very nice club in Chicago and a friend of mine. We went friend of mine put his hands on an old man who was there and apparently that old man was Robert Kraft and he got kicked out of the event. So just a little little story corner for every 100 very cool. Robert Kraft. Very cool Hickory Little beans 21 year old. old From a nightclub for touching you God forbid. All right. So should we we can talk about what the pagers need to do a little bit later in terms of what they need to do to keep Tom Brady the players available. I think we should just go ahead and talk about Tom Brady's as of right now Tom Brady's best. Landing spot maybe the places that Tom Brady wants to go or once Tom Brady the most act think we should just probably start with the Titans then kind of joking about it for like over a year but really the titans of kind of drafted the team on offense at the kind of the Patriots probably wish they would have got Adam Humphreys there now. They've got AJ Brown Jonas Smith and they've the Press are probably going to sign Derrick Henry. They're Vaughn is definitely top 10 their run block offensive on definitely top five. They've got a great offensive line and the all the pieces are in place Mike variable. This is probably this is probably the number one spot and forgive me Alonso if I don't believe the Titans when they say, yeah, we can extend Ryan Tannehill as if if Tom Brady didn't send one text that the Titans Wednesday. Oh, yeah, you know what that Ryan Tannehill thing. Yeah. That's crazy. He just wanted a little bit too. Much money and oh, there's Tom Brady. Oh, hello Tom. How are you? Yeah, how's it going? Yeah. No the Titans absolutely make the most sense right out of anyone because it's almost the Titans are almost the 49ers if garoppolo's contract was expiring this year where you know, they have an easy out for not quitting on anyone. They're not nothing. No, it's just a clean upgrade clean swap ready for Tannehill and And yeah, so I would say the Titans and for Brady you said it makes sense its environment. He'd probably be comfortable in he'd have helped around him. And I think they'd have like the means to go acquire more that meant like, you know receiver to complement brown and Humphreys in free agency or some upgrade on Corey Davis. I have a neighbor and yeah. Yeah. Well I I'm willing to bet that Antonio Brown will not be allowed to play football like the NFL. It seems like he's still off the rails. He shouldn't be able he shouldn't be allowed to drive a car. No, he shouldn't be allowed to out of his house walking public breathe the same air as us and this is all just based on his recent songs that he's released were I mean, there's something someone someone around you. So one of his buddies is got to just be like Antonio this this shit is wack. This is not good. This this is really bad guy, but this is the sad. Scary but instead everyone just sits around like yep. And so when you're browsing to spend a million dollars at the club the night and we're going to pretend to not our head as we listen to this song. That's really horrible. And the whole time I see his eyes. I see his music videos. I'm just thinking about those girls. Oh my gosh. What do they think? They're like, your bounds is paid me 500 K two dates in this video Let's and lip-sync to this. Whatever the hell he's talking about garbage, but I'm gonna do it. It and yeah, he's this is really bad. And Sonia Brown is these businesses not booming over there and it's hard to believe that in September. He was literally a page here and now the things that's so important. It's hard to look how much we have celebrated. If you go back and you it's might be if you go back and listen to that podcast. It's us just Delirious over the path setting a be talking about how the offense was going to be better than us. The weapons Were Somehow better and more high-powered a be was moss and Edelman was Welker and Gordon was like a better Stallworth or Gaffney or whatever and Demaryius was gonna be this three of those forward the team and the other one was broken by like November. Yeah, I'd really like to see the ghosts of past like meet walking up to myself six months ago to like yeah Intel your brown and Josh Gordon. Both are not going to be on the team and Antonio's going to be off any team and he's going to be wrapping really horribly Josh Gordon. We don't know where he is Demaryius Thomas played for the Jets and filled her set was the number two wide receiver. And so they traded Harry came in and he did a couple in two rounds and he had 12 catches. Doris think was just got buried at the end of the year by this kid named Jacoby Myers how they traded first. They traded for Mohamed Sanu he had one game with 10 catches and had like nine the rest 13 or something the rest of the way. Okay, Mohamed Sanu almost had as many caches that hear me out here almost had as many caches in the kill Harry did the entire year in one game but the whole of the rest of the year, he was just absolutely horrible because has he probably had a really bad highest brain and same with Josh Court. Oh my gosh. I just every day. I just think about the 2018. I'm like, I didn't appreciate you the way I should have I didn't present you when Chris Chris Hogan. No, no, no. Nope. I won't let you have that just decrepit like broken down decrepit crunk. We did not appreciate broken-down crepey Grog. We needed to have a year of Watson and Matt lacaze running out there Ryan is a taking Snaps at I tend to appreciate Gronk like that 18 version of Gronk and Dwayne Allen even imagine and that just saying that the best tight end for the Patriots checked into a mental hospital when he saw the filled with yourself. You're not wrong. You're not wrong. Yeah, see you later. Have fun with that. Yeah, screw the vet man. God that's what you go through their offseason signing last year. Just even like pre a be the stuff they tried to do was absolutely deplorable in terms of putting up around Brady's. It was just deplorable. He's been through this. I think I granted about it when I was drunk the last time I was on here. And it's so ridiculous. And yeah, of course Brady would want to leave he's just number two team Alonzo number two teen. I don't really I didn't really think about ranking them, but probably the number two team in terms of like making the most sense might be number one, but you already said at the 49ers kind of said it for a couple months and people laughed at me and then like Lombardi said Yeah math, maybe I don't know and then a couple other people said current said maybe it's real to they agreed. Yeah for you lives a couple miles away from me great guy for you. Also dear brother. Yeah, I'll say are you can pay four million to get rid of Jimmy G. That's nothing. It's absolutely nothing for million to get rid of Jimmy G, which is just like Alonzo said, yeah nothing and they could get the real Tom Brady, which is what I was thinking as the fourth quarter of the suit. Superbowl the whole entire time man of Tom Brady was his in this area. They went bananas when it went absolutely win. I got the perfect team. Yeah, they may be made perfect team to me. They make by far the most sense. They if they could keep Sanders. They I mean they have skilled players around is gone. He Sanders I think he posted it. I think you like moves back to the moved back to Denver or something like that posted pictures of all the boxes. He's moving for the Niners. Well, I don't know. I haven't seen any of that. So I saw on Insta face swear that I didn't see any of that but regardless just with kid'll alone right kid. All I would say is the best in the NFL. He's worse, too. Like there you just look cost theory because it is over three and four and they're neck-and-neck though. I don't know and that's only because Watson retired if not kill made out of a run for his money, but regardless like kid'll kittel and Samuel alone or just the base of a skilled Physician Group that complements Brady perfectly. They can run the hell out of the ball and Coleman Tevin Coleman was the guy moster most it was really good Brown. Renata 49er Oh, yeah, I forgot. Yeah, he's on the radar. We'll get to him later as close here close enough. They could I think like one theory that I kind of have is that if Brady leaves it would just make way too much sense for whatever team signs him to trade for Adelman. He's a Tolman would be so much more valuable to Brady's new team than you would be to the Patriots. That's just my opinion, but and I think Brady's new team would probably be amenable to kind of overpaying for Adelman for the past. I think long term that can make up for the for the sinew move in terms of the draft Capital. They lost by trading for him midseason. So regardless right like they could they could still add a couple players, but just their base is perfect. People have like question the scheme fit with Shanahan. I think that's overblown. I think Shannon could just adjust skied said, I mean, you know the boots Lombardi kind of talked about it on his podcast little bit, but Jimmy's likes. Somewhat mobile or at least Brady's essentially immobile. So some of those boot like kind of actions a chen Han likes to run. I don't know if Brady could have run them as well, but they figure it out and Brady still a better quarterback today than Jimmy is and Kirk Cousins really is like the apple of Shanahan's I will they could sign Brady right now to essentially be the stop got for them to eventually get two cousins. and they could daddy cut ties with Jimmy and probably stand a better chance to compete for a Super Bowl next year. I'd for them. I think it makes the most sense for Brady. I think it makes the most sense their defense. I think we even mention them Elite defense Brady's childhood team. We can be closer to his parents if that matters to him at all. I'd say to me this makes by far the most sense. Yeah, definitely does and the 49ers have this album the Jimmy G's contract. They were there definitely were preparing for this in case it happened Jimmy's you kind of boat a little bit but I think Kyle shin and probably thinks he can do whatever with any quarterback, but then you have Tom Brady's as smart as quarterback of all time. Tom imagine Tom Brady San Francisco 49ers uniform Imagine I'm imagining it right now. Honestly, I am yeah, I could I could see it I could see it's gross. It's not something I want to see but that guy could I'm sorry. I could I can't see him in the Titans uniforms. Okay. I keep trying to picture that. I can't see it. They're not elegant enough for him. Yeah, I feel the same way about the Titans. So makes sense with Tom Brady uniform. He's gotta look good in it. I mean does Tom Brady look good in the black and silver just Tom Brady look good in the black and silver. I think Tom Brady in the white and black yes that yes that that bad be sick. It will it would hurt and it would hurt but it would be sick Tom Brady Tom Brady in the Cowboys row. In the white one is a white and blue blue and white whatever it is. That was like I just love that. So do we think there's any percent chance the Cowboys don'ts on deck and want Tom Brady. I must Let's Dance just like yeah, give me 45 million year, you know, here's an area. You know what Tom business scenario this scenario the Cowboys tag deck. And they go into free agency and they called on you Brady's available. They say hey Don, we just kind of want to gauge Tom's interest a little bit and Brady looks at the team and he says, okay, they got some Talent they got some stuff we could work with they paid Zeke for that doesn't really make any sense and Cooper might leave and Byron Jones is gonna leave but we could yeah, we could make this work for the Cowboys they I'd probably pay Brady less per year and just the Catholic for this year, even then they would for DAC and they could trade back they can trade back to like Miami and they can probably get a decent return for deck. Maybe flip those assets around for to give Brady some more help just skill-wise. And if Brady would want that which I don't see why he wouldn't and then they're yeah, I'd like I don't think it's something that's gonna happen. I don't even know if it's on the table for the Cowboys, but it's something that could make That's my opinion. Yeah, I think you're right. I think this is probably it makes sense. But to me, it's probably not very likely they the other teams were going to talk about are probably a little bit more likely we're going to lips. I think we should just talk about Trent Browns Tom Brady recruitment ones that once grew the trades their card this like Cincinnati or some bum bum rat team. After an offseason of saying they love their car, but there we love Derek Carr but we're just evaluating every position. We love him so much. We're here was said to reposition 7th on what it was like third down. So it was some Mayock was just throwing numbers out there that we're very glowing for car and they are actively I think looking to upgrade on them. So that should say something. Yeah, this is their car. We think a whole lot of them. Please don't offer us a first or second round pick and we definitely don't you offered it. We love we there thank you so much. We do. We're not going to do that. No, we love him very much. Did you hear what he was on on third down? I mean, come on. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. I mean all the Raiders stuff is the layers like they wouldn't move on from dare car tomorrow. We like their car 30. These make a piece of paper car. He's made he's mid and he's like they're headliner and they're moving the fucking Vegas this year like that. Imagine the tickets. They sell with Tom Brady like people don't think about that. Imagine. Tom Brady is a raider moving to a different stadium in Las Vegas and how much how much that would get. Yeah, good so much. But oh, yeah. It's a business. Just wherever he goes. It's huh. It's almost too much. I don't know. I don't want to see him with the Raiders. I don't want to see him anywhere. Maybe the Niners I could live with I took like IDM do this last night. I think I tweeted about it if Brady leaves the scenario just for me personally that I would want is for the Niners to trade back Jimmy because I know Jimmy wasn't very good last year, but I still think I have some kind of emotional attachment to him and after those for the first game and a half of 2016. I was ready. I was ready for him to be the future. And I want to see what that would look like. I'd like if pretty leaves. That would be my ideal. No, thank you. I know I know. I know you're not you don't like him. He's never liked them. No, I did. Yeah, I did like I did like him and then he then he threatened my king. He threatened the King's throne and I didn't like it and then they traded then they traded him and I was upset at the value they got back because that's the kind of guy. Alrighty. I remember that podcast. I was no I don't want pendulous. Yeah. Thanks so much Jim the thanks, I'll Jimmy G. We'll talk about later about the bridge quarterbacks and the Patriots but I mean, I guess I wouldn't I guess I wouldn't hate I guess wouldn't hate it. It wouldn't be too bad. But I would say it would still make me mad but this belcheck, like look does he love Jimmy G for a look from them from everything? We've heard. Yes. From everything we've heard I think Belichick would I think Bella chuck would trade for Jimmy if Tom were to go to the Niners? I think that Belichick would be the highest bidder, Virginia All right. So what kind of tweet does Trent Brown have after the Raiders trade their car and Tom Brady like visits with the Raiders and Somewhere in Brooklyn should New York or something? We should talk about that. We should talk. I think the order of operations here is kind of weird, right because Brady Brady is the biggest domino to fall Breeze is going to go back to the Saints. But this is why I think every Alonzo this is why I think everyone is so quiet because there They're all waiting to see what Tom Brady will do, right and everyone's hold. Everyone's holding their cars their TVG and Derek Carr and Ryan Kano cards close to their chest, but there's that's all radium that you up. Don't breed EDM there waiting for it. The Waiting lines out its look great. If you're a team and your options are just on the free agent market right you have Brady Tannehill Winston, I'm still rivers and like Mariota. You going to wait for Brady? Right? But that's unless you get won't what if a team like there are some team out there that Ryan Tannehill would just make objectively more sense to sign then Ray. I can't think of the team right now, but it's like it exists know. Maybe I'm maybe I'm wrong, but just these teams run such a risk of being left out of it. It just being left out of the sweepstakes and I don't know that's why I think especially with the car thing that you said they've there's no way they would trade car before having insurance is of Brady kind of yes. I don't think they trade car before knowing whether or not Brady's coming exactly they're going to weigh the tampering periods can tell us a whole lot and you remember would rap sheet reported last Friday. He said that they wouldn't they being the Patriots. He said they Would probably be out on Brady if Brady like officially Hits free agency and that extra six million. However, many six point two five million dollars hits their cat. 13 points out. So it's probably six millions already hitting the cap and it would be an additional six point seven five million. I'm pretty sure I said six million hits the cap regardless, but if Brady Hits free agency, then the Six Million that was scheduled to hit the cap next year. It's it this year and whatever you paid rating you have to pay on the salary cap 13 million extra dollars. Yeah, the Raiders would be the fu to the Patriots because Raiders I don't know. I don't really like their team that much. I mean they have Trent Brown is the best offensive lineman in the world, but that that's really big they have decent running back. I guess they're beginning. I guess they could probably sound some players. Maybe make a trade for maybe make a trade for someone. That's just I don't know. Yeah the Raiders don't I agree with you? Hey. Darren like I honestly just in a vacuum Darren McFadden there in Waller, Mike Wallace the that one hmm sure it just I'm saying like in a vacuum Martavis Bryant you if you went in the next season like I think I'd rather go into next season at receiver with the group. The Patriots are like projected to have with Edelman and sinew with an offseason learn what the hell he's doing and they got healthy hair either. Potentially turn into something Myers same deal that could probably bring in a veteran or two. Like I would rather go into the offseason with that group then with Darren Waller and Tyrell Williams and the kid Hunter Renfro like yeah that like the Patriots Arsenal better. Yeah. Me too. Yeah me too is there Is there another Brady team bucks? I think we can't leave out the box. I get that. It's not really a fit with the vertical passing game that you know Aryans is offenses of usually been focused on but I'd like call me crazy. I think that Brady with Mike Evans and Chris Godwin Howard we can braid and literally any running back who can catch a pass. And maybe they can trade for like I don't even if Brady went there or they could they could sign some slot something. Yeah, I think they find a way to make it work. I just do that regardless of whether or not Aryans likes to Chuck it down the field. I think Brady's just better than Jamis at this point. And yeah. Smell it Monday morning Monday morning in the film room whenever Brady throws it to his tight end 12 times and errands just isn't happy. Yeah, I know Jay and oh, come on. Yeah, that's after OJ Howard goes for a hundred and sixty yards on 11 carries on those 12 targets. Tom your turn to the worst player on our team. Oh gee Howard sucks. You ready to trade him to the Patriots last year for a fifth-round pick and now you're just making you're making it look good. Come on Tom. This guy sucks. There were two Mike Evans. There are really far to Mike Evans. Please remove Brady. Does that Mike Evans will probably catch the ball because Mike Evans is very good. So it was Chris Godwin. And if Greg Brady just Brady just wants to like go up to the line of scrimmage look across at the defense and look at the guys. He's about to throw two or they like the five eligible receivers on the play and he wants to feel the best about that that he's ever felt like since I was 7 then the books are his best choice. I liked what PFF no said about the box and their offensive on he said if there's any quarterback any quarterback that can take this offensive line and make it work. It's Tom Brady who's one of the best pocket movers in the NFL ever. Yeah. It took a team with the top thing bottom tenant pressures and was only and they were I think still top five. It's a crazy because Tom Brady still new one to get it rid of the ball and outtakes sex Tom Brady could make it work. He could make it work here. Absolutely. Could they went to the buck bucks could win the vision? Could they not? Yeah. Yeah, they could win the division and the their defense started playing well last year to get towards the end. I'm pretty sure the bugs makes sense books to me make a lot of sense. Hmm. Should we talk about the Patriots now? Let's just mention the Colts and the Chargers think the Colts are going to be stupid. And I think the Chargers are stupid too. And then the Colts I think the Colts stupidly what Philip Rivers Because they're familiar with their with the offensive coordinator. I think the charger's want to draft a quarterback. Although I think the Colts if the Colts son Tom Brady at 90 million calves based on Tom Brady, um, whoever they can't rate they could send whoever they want and trade for any player in the league that's available. They would instead they could instantly become like top one two three in AFC tomorrow if we did this, oh easily but instead they want Phil drivers and it doesn't make sense. Maybe they're just saying it doesn't it doesn't make sense. I think there it might be a case of them just saying this because current today went on eyes and Rich Eisen show and he said Colin cowards been saying it for ever. He said well Karin said today, I trust her and more than coward on this honestly and her and said that he He hears is the culture like a real option. They have real interest me. Yeah, that's what cowards been saying Calvert. And I mean, I don't know. I know Cowherd probably more than you because I listen to him every day, but he he's 10 minutes to him and Him and Frank Reich or buddies? Okay. They talked along all year. He's been saying that the Colts that the Colts are gonna make a run at Tom Brady's been saying this all year. Okay, and I'd like and all of a sudden they're just it's just fill rivers or bust. No. No. Yeah, it's weird. Maybe they're just I don't I don't know. Maybe they maybe they like bacon Splash trade and then trade for Tom Brady and the Colts fans aren't so upset the top Braves and their team. This Colts fans are absolute. Freaks freaks weirdos. Yeah. Coal to make sense that if if I if all these Phil Rivers reports weren't out there Coulson would be like my number one team, but maybe they were just throwing us off the scent to fill Rivers nonsense easily. See it easily. And what's the other one and you said holds in the Chargers that the Chargers you might be right about them drafting a quarterback for me. It comes down to they really need to put as in the seats they're going to struggle doing so it's La Brady would sell tickets. And he'd have Keenan Allen Mike Williams Hunter Henry Austin Eckler. We can make that a law degree wide slight in in and that's relevant personnel and boom think I would agree but I just I don't know. I feel like the charges you can draft a quarterback and big really stupid said they're in the division with the Chiefs that I don't know. That's that's kind of the elephant in the room with the Chargers and the Raiders where yeah, I don't know if Brady wants to they got fucking Mahomes in that division, so Probably not. Yeah agreed the chart the Chargers and the Raiders both about the Raiders more possible just because they're crazy Al Davis son owner. Okay. I don't know man. We want to get to the Patriots now we can get his rights. Let's rank it. Let's rank these teams. Just some what we are. This is ranked them you do you get ranked. All right, number one. It's got it. I put the Colts here really are you thought we talked about are we talking about best Tom Brady is the best time waiting fits of the teams. We just said I'd put Tom Brady with the Colts number one. If I knew I'd put the number one. Probably puts and print number two Titans number 3. Probably Chargers number for Raiders number 5. and the Box Oh, okay bucks above Raiders for sure. Buck's above Raiders and Chargers had bucks three, probably. Yeah, I'd probably have with what do you think probably have Niners won Titans to just because those are the teams has been like most link to and I do think Phil Rivers goes to the Colts. Either way. I'll put him three because it is a great fit. Even if it was though. I like I like the Niners because of the storyline and I think Brady would eat that story line up and I like the Titans because of Grable and that connection and just the whole like Something that they've kind of had going for a few years there. So those would be one and two pretty clearly from III. I put the Colts just went over why they'd be a great fit. Like they have they already have like the roster and infrastructure and they can add legitimately anything they want to it. So Colts 3/4, I'd say the Bucks. The weapons Brady is demanding more help and better weapons in New England. The books that have maybe the best receiver duo in the NFL have two very good tight ends and probably have the means to add another couple players there if Brady wanted them to bucks for Chargers and Raiders Chargers, five Raider six Raiders. I don't see the fit just I see. Fit I don't see the team around them. Like if he's gonna go to the Raiders you might as well just come back to New England unless they were to pay him an absurd amount of money. And with the Chargers like again, I could see the weapons I could see like La kind of the glamour thing, but it's I'd like I just like those other options more. He's like those games that if they were all interested like he'd have four or five. Legitimate options not if they were all interested. Yep. I think right now I have the Patriots as the favorite team Tucson Tom Brady, but the field yes the favorites out very very Tom Brady, probably it's probably 40 60 to 40 60 40. He stays 60 leaves. Okay. Yeah, when I yeah right now in this moment, which is subject single second single day based on every little report. I hear that because I'm an emotional fan 100% for yes for me, I guess right now my gut says so clearly like he's gonna go back right like he's gonna go back. He's been here 20 years. Is he really going? Uproot for the last two years of his career to be 40. Yeah, the kind of more rational side of me says well, he has to be a free agent all the buzz around him is that he's leaving and that he's gonna leave and that he wants to leave. He was he's he was he didn't want to attack his stock throughout all of last season just transparently pissed off. At press conferences fucking after get like right after games he they'd win and he just be heated at the podium during the week leading up to the game. He'd be heated all just always it's a shitty attitude. It was clear from the a be thing on he was kind of checked out. Or at least that's really what it felt like so head says he leaves but and sort of heart says he stays. Just it going like rational. I'm gonna go the rational route and say that I trust all the reporting on it and say I think he leaves and also from the very beginning something I noticed. Tom Brady's helmet always off really weird just really weird alonso's. Tom Brady's showing everyone. Yeah Jong. Yes. Look at me helmets off new hair. I look good Sunday. Yeah. He did look very handsome with his new hair. Did you look really good? All right. So with let's talk about the Patriots now. Stuff the Patriots can do with the Patriots need to do to keep Tom Brady. I think to start off with I've been talking about it for a few months the Patriots. They're gonna have to they're gonna have to make a trade for someone before the tampering period you have to make a trade a splash trade and we've got some player names here. The Lawns are probably has more couple names OJ Howard Zach ertz, Stefon Diggs. Obj Marvin Jones Keenan Allen and Alonzo can add to whoever Everyone say that list but there's the list and I think the Patriots kind of have to show Tom Brady like here. Here's our Olive Branch. Our first Olive Branch was certainly Michelle. Makyo Harry, but that that clearly that isn't enough and so and also rotten isn't done trillion Neiman's and Marie the heiress and who was the other one Bruce Ellington didn't even make it to minicams let alone training camp. Eric so they could they could like 11 egg Evan engram. I forgot about they could trade for someone like obj and also have enough assets to treat Evan engram and it wouldn't count. It would count. It would count 13 14 5 million on the cap Marvel James and if the Patriots treated for OJ Howard, right? I think it's a huge disc huge move if Brady's like on the team but Brady like is Brady gonna is the difference between Brady staying and Brady leaving really going to be like, oh, well, they got me OJ Howard. So now now I gotta stay like, I don't know what this what what does thinking about trading tail? Because there are only so many superstars All I DeAndre Hopkins here list, by the way, because Been rumors the Pats have like asked about him before there were rumors that the deadline last year and we know stuff and we know right I'll just we salt we look inside list because yeah. Brown's not happening. That's going Beckham. The GM didn't give anything close to like an endorsement of them the Browns GM and they asked him about him at the combine. So yeah. and also the like something like no one's talking about the Patriots might lose three David dangers I don't know if he's coming back good toon he's leaving and the right tackle might not play next year that have neoteny could juice in there yeah I think everything we've heard on Andrews has been positive right up to this point so I would guess Andrews back Canon Again, we thought that like there were a lot of rumors about him retiring. Nothing came of it at the time. So as of now, I'm just going to assume he plays. And I think they can plug into me spot. Just somehow. It'll be a Dropout but I don't think it'll be that dramatic. Again, if Brady's here like he can make it work. So if you don't think they if you if you're not impressed by any of these trades than you just don't think Tom Brady's going back. I said Anne Alonzo, you don't think anything to face reason to do here's the thing. I don't know. Here's Tom Brady. That seems to be what's broken down here like Brady for as much as like we talked about the weapons and like how he wants the weapons to improve from what they were last year. He was willing to accept he wanted a two-year commitment from the team like during training camp last year when he was throwing to the Gunners and jacobi's and done trails and Maurice's of the world. He was not planned and yeah, he would not plan for one here definitely have to go multiple years and I think it'll take some some mending fences between Brady and Belichick and some assurances of like look trust us but like really trust us and then I like after this pasty like yeah, right trust us. We're getting like we're gonna happen. Going to try to get you help we're going to do everything we can to get you help and this time we're not gonna miss out and think we're not gonna have to up our offered Adam Humphreys in the 11th hour, right? We're just gonna sign him when it happens, but it's so hard to do this before free agency. It's so so hard right if you can go to him and just say hey, we got you Austin Hooper. We got you Emmanuel Sanders. We still have the guys that we had and were maybe even looking at another trade for another tight end or we can still sign fucking Tyler eifert. I don't know. But we have this like are you ready to go then maybe but if you go to Brady and you you go to them with like your new you could trade for both Biggs and beckoned for all I care if you go to him and you say hey, yeah, so we got these guys will give you one year again. We want to keep going here to here pretties going to tell him to fuck off because that the issue I don't think the main Crux of the issue is just like his Supporting Cast I think it's part of It I think that it'll matter in the pitch. I think it'll be a good faith at good faith gesture if they could trade for and OJ Howard. It would also just be good business. I think okay. How was really good, but it's about more than just the tower. Yeah, great. Definitely needs a years definitely needs a trust. And by the way, you're talking about trust and the whole time Tom Brady trust us and I just like I could just like picture. So any Michelle getting hit with that football the first past that was ever thrown to him right in the face. Look it up folks. And yeah. Right in the face trust us. Yeah, the killer has on being able to separate from but anyone. Class a great great for Cordero pattern but we have to return ability that I think Larry can still be good. I still have a little bit of Faith good. Oh, no. Yes, I should so the take yeah sure. He did. Yep. There's six years older fade and he give him the offense. But I'm more playing time Bill. What are you thinking? Come on? This guy's kid just makes plays come on. I'm in a mall. I just know that last year. I would rather him be in the game than shoulder said when they moved to it. Just fucking dude the fact that they it's still just annoys me. I better than always Brady to yeah, but the fact that they were there was a stretch in like December where their number two and three receivers in the three receiver side without all men were Dorset and Myers and then the next week it changed to sinew and Harry like exclusively and that just turn into Offense and that was with the three weeks before the playoffs so absurd. Oh brother. Now, I'm thinking about Jared Stidham the things the things the Patriots need to do obviously weapons obviously years. We need to give them a little Olive Branch, you know Pat them on the back a little bit. We love you Tom. It may be probably isn't about the money so much as just about the years and the weapons and if Alonso and if not, Is Tom Brady is in back? They need his got next. That's right, baby. There is no Bridge quarterback here. We are riding Jared Stidham to the wheels fall off because if he's good, you found something didn't good if he sucks. Yes, and if he sucks you put yourself in a position probably to get a better quarterback and I would still try to trade for some of these players and sound some of these players even have Tom isn't here build a team around Stidham. That's like it. thanks you have the team you have the team in place the next year for the next quarterback for Stidham set the quarterback to succeed give them with the tank yes as much as you can just know they won't dare not drink right there there have been reports that they would be nice I know I know I just disagree with the with the sentiment because so many of these moves like trading for a actually now I don't even know if I agree with what I'm about to say but like they they're so old just the team is so old but trading a first round cake for Stefon Diggs it look in a vacuum it makes sense in a vacuum it's a great move with a 43-year old quarterback yeah it's an even better move it's an even better move to it Some paper big then because you're just all in on that window. It's already already again. It's already a really great movie. But if your team you're not going to win. Anyways, you look at some point. You need some draft Capital. Oh, yeah. Well that is their draft Kappa because I can tell you the things they do in the first round with skill players. No words. You're not run, but they do need to get younger. They need to get younger and they don't notice for them. Like what's the point in bringing Devin McCourty bag for to eat like guess it just all of it depends on your perception of what Brady was what Brady is what can Stidham like approximate what Brady was for you last year if so like then maybe you do make those raids and you do make those kind of moves I think with Brady you'd be more inclined to make a kind of all in move with the Stidham like Anna yeah no pressure I'm down for it gives them the leash no pressure at all Stefon Diggs OJ Howard and also trade for prom moss and I'm find the next well girl you got on the grill turn and come back Grind, you know Grand to get off the perks and I come back. I'm just I'm kind of like I guess this is something that I can't bring myself to think about right now. It kind of just it no like just I will thank here. We are. Nope. No chaos. No buts the moves and the moon there stood a log line. That's fine. I can see that the moves the team would make this round itself. I haven't thought the pros and cons of it through yet of you can try to stay competitive, but if a team comes calling about If Brady comes back and a team comes calling about Omen you're not going to trade him for anything, right? If it's Stidham and Brady some you team offers you like a really good asset for Edelman. You probably take it means you're in a different mode as a team. Yeah. Yeah build team get good players got good players gagging valued players. Yeah, you don't it don't stop. Jared Stidham Tom you also know dicey Cubs and it's going to be on it's going to be October. He's gonna have 20 or so just plug Mariota and then oh my God, I know Bridge quarter. That's not it. I'd rather know. I'd rather know veteran quarterback, Mariota side, Mariota. No, let the best man win in training camp. Now if the best men's Mariota great if it's Stidham awesome. Nope, if both of those guys ended and he don't want no part of me. We've seen flashes of his upside. You're adding his captivity for Tom Brady's dead catfish to get. Probably more than we think you're actually right 10 million at least. He's going to cost at least. Okay, would you pay 10 million bucks for a look at Mariota and see if you have something? No, really? No, nope. Nope. I'd rather pay 10 million dollars for Keenan Allen for Keenan Allen on an expiring contract when you don't have a quarterback. Like that's right, baby would probably have noticed her eggs and competing. Really that's right. You're right. Yep. Stefon Diggs Odell Beckham name I'll take them all take all the good players I can and then maybe Jared said it was good. Maybe he is. Yeah, maybe he's not and then bring Antonio Brown back. Yeah and Josh Gordon, there's names just make me sad enough. I've just liked it once Josh Gordon's off the Patriots there like the League's like, you know. Maybe we should stop suspending players for entire seasons ever then popping and apparently not just we did they just won't suspend players for abusing drugs anymore, which is amazing. Just awesome It Won't Be Imagined Josh Gordon's like this a violation. I think I read that they get a one-year ban sevens violation. How about playing times with that? yeah great I love this league I was crying in my bedroom over Josh Gordon for a week straight and no one cared no one cared then about the League's drug policy but now that he's gone again where does Josh Gordon doing right now what he came back to Instagram Twitter tweeting like Kyrie type weird weirdness and he's posted Instagram pictures of have been following actually Josh Gordon wait this thing's Flash Flash Gordon yeah okay here it is he's got he was in Japan oh no he was in Japan on February 20th great yep he's got Corona he was tweeting very got also want we can just laugh at we can we can laugh at a Patriots take right now if you want it'll make us feel better this has been a very depressing part there's this there's a certain this is there well we can just laugh about this there's a certain pocket of Patriots well we all know who were talking about here there's a certain pocket who are telling us Josh Gordon thinks he can't separate and then in the next breath the kill Harry is going to succeed And he will do better than Josh Gordon. Yeah, well Josh Gordon had a thousand yards and 16 games and was likely drunk and high for before most of them. So you would literally if okay Harry had one. 12 catches you would literally Shit Alonzo with shit his pants if Nikki. Oh Harry had a thousand yards in 16 games. He would shit his pants. I give literally shit his pants. I would and I'm not even joking he would he would actually know it's shit his pants you would litter and and Josh Gordon does it and everyone's like no not that what just not the same not very good. You're absolutely right. You're absolutely right. There was the narrative The Narrative around is not that good and the narrative around Harry. Is it would be far different given the same circumstances? Come on don't give up on Harry sure. He had 12 catches it one year, but come on. Don't give up on Zone don't give up on the kill Harry. He takes his hand off, you know better than those players have seen take handoffs and arguably he is a better running back than 72 shell so. Yeah, what's your confidence level in the kill Harry? I'm I made a fight. I because I it could for me it could go either way. I'm at a three and a half. Three and a half. That's where I stand it start it. You know what it just forget progressively for me just got worse all year long the blocking after the like the blocking after the play after the whistle and then the this shit talking other players about your blocking. The end arounds the crying on Twitter about the non touchdown. the offseason with the hamstring and the poor they the team thought that he probably didn't need IR but they order them they thought he was a little bit behind and maybe attitude a little bit bad just our little bit sorry he the kill Harry did nothing for me to make me like nikhil Harry even more in the season could be wrong but I don't think so three and yeah I just he has good physical traits Maybe with Coke. Yeah, I just want to be fucking optimistic. I don't know. Just function is a part of the offense. Does he have the ability to do so does he have the ability to separate this? You have the ability to be like a conventional receiver. I don't know like I have no idea. I didn't see anything that could say. Yes. Okay, except his physical traits which when he had the ball in his hands, you look dude. He lifts weights. He's he has a nice body. I don't know. Davante Adams sucked his rookie year to I think but so did players who end up sucking Love Mom. All right Brady confidence meter. Three out of ten I said five and well I said I was 50/50 so that implied five. Can rationally a deadly go to out of 10, huh? I'm I don't feel great and I don't I don't want to I don't want to Surfer. I hope I'm wrong about this team in terms of no Tom Brady. Yes in terms of know Tom Brady in in terms of Yap. Not a Super Bowl Contender right now. And and if we get to that point obviously get to that point that I don't I don't want to do. I hope I'm wrong. I hope we're wrong as the Patriots trade for someone awesome and Tom Brady and Bill Belichick kiss if the Patriots. All right, let's say can't hurt me curious right super awesome. Sorry to interrupt. I'm sorry to interrupt Sony gets I corrective surgery. I'm sorry to interrupt. All right, if the Patriots traded for Gerald Everett in Marvin Jones Right entry for Gerald Everton Marvin Jones their receivers all of a sudden going into next year look like Edelman Marvin Jones sinew. Those are three veterans Brady likes veterans. They got Harry he was just the first referred as much as I just is were somewhat pessimistic on him. He's still a first-round pick you might have something there Myers showed flashes last year. The dead like those are your receivers and you have Everett at tight end you can sign it like a Tyler eifert or something and maybe even draft a player. If you go to Brady with Everett and Marvin Jones in hand, like the skill positions just by themselves by themselves. They look good. But his is like the difference in Brady staying or leaving really like Gerald Everett and Marvin Jones. That's what I can't bring myself to like rationalize. Is it really? Just that I think it's got to be something deeper. And I think it's something that we don't really know because they they've had teams with like worse around him. Oh, man. Shit, what's up? Trying to think of the video right now? It just popped in my head where I think it's Family Guy and they're like They blame someone for something and they're like he did that. No, but we're just going to wait around till he does. That's Bill Belichick when talking about recent and Tom Brady. He's gonna destroy the team. He's just joining the team he is no but we just gonna sit around and wait until he does Alex Guerrero and Tom Brady are going to be mind-controlling all sorts of players. Tom Brady's get a demanded Alex Guerrero be the defensive coordinator. And you honestly love to see it. Yeah. Yeah, just give Brady full control of everything let him sign whoever we want go crazy with that and we we talk about this like there's no other side of the roster and like the other side of the roster didn't carry the team for the entirety of last season and like the other side of the roster doesn't have Devin McCourty. Kyle Van Noy Jamie Collins, Danny Shelton Adam Butler guy. All those guys are landing Roberts. All those guys are free agents full bag of those guys are free agents Hightower and Bentley. Are there only two linebackers under contract for next year hightower's expiring after this year and Bentley's kind of mid. Wow. The New England Patriots, let's face it. They're not good anymore. They have Isaiah when and check Mason. Genuine element with his jacket maybe works. I would just also like to say that I'm tired of Patriots Twitter. Tommy James develin makes any sort of difference during the season when I landed Roberts who is this is racism. I'm not gonna lie. This is racism Landon Roberts was very good. He hit people in the mouth. We all know that he was a decent fullback. He ran one in for a touchdown. He's much faster. He's much more handsome. He's much more powerful and like just imagine a land in Roberts and James Devlin practice Elaine and robbers is flattening James Devlin and James. Devlin is gone. I'm crying every day that's how much better line and Roberts is a fullback than James Devlin stop with the James Devlin propaganda I'm tired of it and I'm tired of Sony Michel need the full back to be awesome okay tired of it tired of that too tired of it Jimmy hate my cross-eyed running back Damien Harris alive don't care doesn't even matter Bohemian Chic immersions Jakob Johnson are you saying he's fucking name is Jakob Jakob Johnson big time the teachers should activate James Devlin over Asia when they should definitely so much more important in the Run game the devlins better he's way more important to the Run game With when you just don't know you just don't know. He's not that good. He's gonna get James Devlin is is better. these people actually items bottle where loved he loved to see it. Anything else about the Patriots Alonzo. That's just really good to get off my chest and I feel no just absolutely wretched awful. you know usually that people tell me I'm the one to be positive on Twitter but there's there's a I don't know about positivity nowadays could be wrong but I will be very positive Jared stidham's in there and I will support Jared's did him with all my heart and I was a win and David Andrews and all mother good friends on the team and hope they surround Jared said and with weapons to succeed I think that's about it I think the quarterback the state and the other day was also Jared said mmm yeah anything else I don't I don't I don't want your quarterback how's life Alonso Life's good how is life Life's good life's fine is it yeah I'm just I'm done I'm down Tom Brady's I need and I'm down right now this Punk has really got me down didn't it didn't do anything I thought it would be like therapeutic to do this no it's awful because because like deep down to real art like in your gut the dude leaving makes no sense right it makes no sense you've been on one team for 20 years Tom Brady is about to be that divorced middle-aged guy that's not right yeah and we're going to be we're going to be what the bystanders of this week yeah we're bystanders we're gonna be the we're going to be the friends that know that Tom Brady shouldn't have got that divorce and went after the really hot younger chick we're going to beat we're but we're going to support him anyway we're going to say you know what Tom Brady you shouldn't have got that divorce you know Karen was a very nice lady and you guys have a bunch of kids together a lot of history you shouldn't have divorced her but we are to support you and we know that your next relationship will be over probably within the next one or two years but here we are and we love you very much that's it don't get a divorce Tom Brady we're your children don't do this to us I don't want to see Dad no socks imagine Tom Brady changing his Twitter avatar on Instagram the Instagram the Instagram post of Tom Brady standing next to Trent brown with the Brady black and silver on his back Tom Brady joking and laughing with Kyle Shanahan Tom Brady and Vrabel I'm sick to my stomach I am sick to my jib Tom bright pretty Tom Brady turn it practice touchdown pass to AJ Brown Tom Brady and Ty Hilton joking about deflategate this doesn't make me want this makes me want to die See, I've been I don't want to die already. I don't know damn this socks. I've prepared myself mentally from last night like and this is what I do. I'm already very prepared to okay. I've prepared to know you had any have you haven't prepared? You just saw you pretty much after this podcast. It's just like you saw your girl. with someone else dancing in the club with someone else and we're just talking here and it just really upset about it when I've been telling you that she's been at the club with someone else for four months and now you're just getting upset about it and here we are in Lonzo and now and I can't be upset about it because I'm going to win either way I'm gonna win the Jared Stidham and I'm I'm just going to win it's going to be sad but I'm going to win I'm going to take the W out of it I'm gonna find a w in this pile of else yeah I know I just I guess we can we can just announce I'm running for president twenty Thirty that'll make you feel I mean I guess I'll part I'll probably have to Pardon Bill Belichick at some point because Bill Belichick is inevitably going to prison after his football career like this have that inevitably gonna go to prison life is no doubt about it of prison for making me putting me through what he's putting this through this offseason come on so I could win with twenty five quarterbacks in the there's anger when with Iran's oh that's just like Eddie give me Andy Dalton then I'll just make him throw 30 touchdown passes your village I've gotten a lot better I give you that what about my Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders is it's not in its rekted right here called pretty too much on the cap it sounds like sand in the New Year like the mic in the Mad Dog or something I can't do it man I can't sound like a 77 year old guy from New Hampshire I'm sorry can't do it it's too hard I could do Gruden and that's about it yeah I'll tell you what man this Alonzo guy this guy's a mess man I'll tell you what you're not wrong you're not wrong is that a lingerie is that all we have to talk about are you done I'm certainly not going we could continue this over the phone because this is just horrendous content just be coming to terms with Brady's leaving and and I don't know what to do with myself and God I am like the receivers running routes for him this year right now and robotic I uh I don't feel good I don't feel good at all I feel very very bad I feel very very sad it shouldn't have gotten to this point should have been a should be should have been a patriot for whole career you know I lobbied all last season for Tom Brady just say that he was leaving and so they can gives us do the Peyton Manning thing where he tells everyone he's done and and then just the team just rallies behind him and they are winning games 16 to 13 and that then they win the Super Bowl and they beat the chief somehow because around and Tom Brady but he didn't do it it didn't happen he never showed up yeah you never showed up Lanza is good to talk to you and at for everyone listen I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry if I made you said sorry if Alonso made you sad I just did my best to be real here and 60/40 that's it I'm 26 years old 2086 6040 60 leaving 40 staying I'm on the Wei board is saying Tom Brady's thing this is fraudulent this is a fraudulent this is fraudulent this was this I'd said this on one of my happiest days where I thought Tom Brady you stay in the most and I don't know fraudulent Fitzy is officially on the is back on the state but he was on the gone but he's back on this day I guess we'll talk later he's gone we anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast let me explain it's free there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place sort of how like Tom Brady's thing you need in one quarterback so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started