Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get it out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I give myself permission to heal. I am willing to forgive myself. I am ready to forgive anyone. I feel has hurt me. I let go of my perceived pain. I am willing to see things differently. I let go of my need to be right. I accept the lesson. My pain is offering me. I see my current circumstances as an opportunity to grow. I allow myself to give and receive love. I release the past and trust that everything is happening for my greatest good. I take responsibility for the quality of my relationships. I am willing to give the love I expect from others. I am happy to give without exceptions. I am grateful to give without expectations. I am capable of unconditional love. I treat the people in my life with compassion and understanding. I know these circumstances are a gift to Help Me Grow. I sent myself and others free by choosing to forgive. Everything I am going through is making me a stronger wiser and more compassionate person. I trust that everything in my life is unfolding perfectly. I create loving and healthy relationships. I am willing to be at peace with myself and everyone. I bellus the past and embrace the present moment with an open heart. I choose to forgive because it feels better to love. I accept my part in everything that happens in my life. I am willing to amend my own behavior. I acknowledge my unresolved feelings with patience and self-reflection. I respect and validate the feelings of others. I allow the perspective of others to deepen my understanding and love for them. I am kind to myself and others. I always choose love. and so it is