Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just not going around it. Sometimes it is just come from our bodies and emotions. Can they come from fillings like things of life like hunger Tire? - hot and cold young those are emotions that some people think that's in your mind. Sometimes. It's just your physical body during those things the very function of sorry, the very function of your emotions is to trigger behaviors that will help you find the way you feel so when you haven't eaten enough, you know, I mean or eating enough lately you feel your blood sugar drop, you know, your blood sugar's drop stuff like that. This is this triggers a release of cortisol the stress hormone. This tells you that something is wrong that you need to change something and it wakes you up in it wakes you up to say man. I'm hungry go eat, but if you are in a wild like out in the jungles or out there on the street and stuff and you'll encourage you to look for food. So that is something that we know that that's there. So when you eat your blood a sugar gets a spike and you produce Lipton and serotonin these things we can happy and content and encourage you to go to sleep AKA what we call it the itís eat and you fall asleep and stuff like that. So we call it the itís but eventually serotonin the conversant to know Tony and less the Super Bowl. So in other words the way you feel is often the result of your physiology and the changes that changes that The way you think you think you're angry because you had a bad day. Maybe that's possible. You could we angry because that but more likely you probably had a bad day because you're angry if you got that you're angry because of things you didn't sleep. Well you have an alkane you have eaten enough eating the wrong things, you know, we've all gone through those situations that certain food affects your mood and we all know this Do you have something important to say do you want to get your word out? Have you thought about starting a podcast know then you should check out anchor dot. F m-- it's free. You can record and edit your podcast right on your phone or your computer. Then anchor dot f m will distribute your podcast via Spotify apple pie Cass where many more and you can make money from your podcast. So It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. But you get the gist someone so one way to change your emotions to take and take control of your emotions to acknowledge this first and foremost recognize that it's an issue. So if you are angry, it's probably due to physiology psychological reasons my physiology psychological reasons, and it's and it will pass at least it won't seem so badly. Secondly, we have to seek to change this we have to want to change it when I mean it's something sleep. Take take the Q of understanding what this is going on with your body learn to follow your own rhythms and work. Will you not say we are naturally most productive some people are most productive going to morning. Some people are most productive at night in the middle of the day. It all depends on that, but you need to follow the rhythms of the day and get there. Circadian clock indicating rhythms in check because that's how that is the process of your men to your mental you physical in your behavior changes throughout a 24-hour day. So those are the things that we need to really be focusing on and making sure that stuff so but all at the same time. We need to look at ways. You can directly control physiology the best way that I know so far is and I am a sports person and yoga is huge. Why because they have bleeding. They do a breathing exercises as a lot of breathing in yoga and that makes you get to the point that you're learning to breathe instead of breathing from the chest. You're not breathing through the chapters you breathe from the diaphragm belly breathing, you know, and I Oops, you bring that stuff down bring everything down. So if you learn to breathe correctly and I would say anybody learn yoga meditation Learning To Breathe from the belly is barely breathing fill in the lower portions of your lungs and then and then up to the upper portion. So if you're slow controlled breathing at your breasts are there then you will be able to You know lower your heart rate and can calm your body. This will change the call it the parasympathetic tone in your body that takes you to those take some out of that fight or flight and I said it was that fight a fight situation. So when people are breathing from your chest you're panicking that's a panicked breathing as you can. Review for the belly out. When you breathe that way from your belly up to the upper voice in a bit you go into a different. Like I said, like I said parasympathetic tone was takes out that fight or flight for puts you into a rest and digest because situation and that's what you want to do really get your body into that. Try it next time. Try it next time. When you throw over stress when you throw over Comfort are you know competitive or we worked up before and after an intense workout and Get your body under under control while you're stretching an intense workout. And I actually do this a lot. Your heart rate will slow down and your mind will get a lot more common. And that's something that we need to learn how to do. That's why meditation is so important and Yogi's thank you for bringing that up because a lot of people don't know that and I'm glad I've taking yoga and actually did some things with yoga to actually help me become a better athlete the other tool you can use this called something called CBT that Cognitive behavior therapy assesses that people do that now does not take physiology but is looking at your psychological self-talk aspect. So we self talk to ourselves all the time. And this is known this popular very popular intervention for people treating phobias and other anxiety disorders and stuff like that. The idea is to look at the content of your thoughts to self talk that you give yourself to work yourself into a panic or to calm yourself down if you are thinking like I'm worried about something or what worried about falling off something or falling off an edge. Then of course, you're going to be scared, but that's it's kind of obvious in here. But if you're thinking of things like I'm grateful for my life, then you'll be less likely full unhappy about where you are. In life, you know, I mean this goes deeper though, of course, but you can use CBT to challenge the long long held beliefs and to break negative thoughts and self talking habits that you probably picked up on the way that you've done. So challenging your thoughts and testing your hypothesis is the best way to do this and that's called cognitive restructuring in short-term. You can use CBT techniques in order to honestly assess the state of mind and your emotions and two to a degree to change the way you feel about a situation. If you've ever been stressed that you are about an on a deadline or steps for paper or something to get done in there and they think it could ruin could really ruin your evening because you have to do this stuff. Then you might want to use some cognitive restriction in order to assess that issue and make you make make that stress situation and replace that with more productive and I mean, so for example you consider The point of being stress. What is it matter? Will it make you matters better? What's the worst-case scenario? Would it really be that bad? If you know, you told someone that you couldn't send me some work on time or are you are they expecting too much of you know means of like that. When was the last time you did something like that or are there other ways that you can lessen that below for that paper or some or would you rather? Pay attention to the other things like combining all of that with control breathing and you bringing your focus to things that you really that are most useful to you right now and the long-term cognitive behavior therapy is a gap is a bridge gap between the thoughts and your physiology. So you see your physiology. Your emotions are designed to drive you towards desirable States sex to shelter love success social acceptance. This is what we do. This is how it is about so the problem is in the taxes that you need to to accomplish often don't get things need to get done. So I need to pay my bills and stuff like that and that doesn't always come with the things I want to do. But that happens, you know me we have to deal with those things. So in short it means We'll be doing more boring paperwork more boring work stuff and that repetition of bored. I'm bored. I'm bored. So we need to always remind ourselves. Why do we do the things we do you'll be able to understand this instead of just having the words you'll be able to visualize now the picture of where you want to be picture and the wealth that you want the success you want the satisfaction. Remind yourself of the things you want to do today are actually driving you towards the things you want. So this is when your heart and mind finally are on the same page and this is when all things can be possible. So let's take control of our lives and let's get this taken care of, please.