Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading the cruel tribute the story of the Minotaur. as written by James Baldwin Hey, like what you hear? Please make sure to like comment and subscribe and now on with our story time King my nose have great and made War upon Athens. He had come with a great Fleet of ships and then Army and then burned the merchant vessels in the harbor and an overrun all the country and the coast even to Megara which lies to the West. He had laid waste the fields and Gardens roundabout Athens. And pitched his Camp close to the walls and had sent word to the Athenian rulers that on the morrow. He would March into their city with fire and sword that would slay all the young men and pull down all of their houses even to the Temple of Athena which stood on the great Hill above the town. And aegeus king of Athens with the 12 Elders who were his helpers went down to sinking - and out deal with him. Oh mighty king. They said what have we done that you should wish to destroy us from the Earth. Oh Howard Lee and Shameless men answered King - why do you ask this foolish question since you can but know the cause of my wrath. I had only one son and draghi house by name and he was dearer to me and the hundred cities of great and the Thousand Islands of the sea over which I rule. Three years ago. He came hither to take part in the games, which you held in honor of Athena whose Temple you have built on Yonder Hilltop, you know how he overcame all your young men and sports and now your people honored him with song and dance and moral grounds. But when you're King the same age as who stands before me now Saul how everyone ran after him and raised his Valor. He was filled with envy and laid plans to kill him. Whether he caused armed men to waylay him on the road to thieves or whether has some say he sent him against a certain wild full of your country to be slain by that Beast. I know not but you cannot deny that the young man's life was taken from him through the plotting of your king. Egeus. Will you swear that will you tell me is true as to my nose? We will swear it. They said now then said mine off. You shall hear my degree. Athens has robbed me of my dearest treasure a treasure. I can never be restored to me. So in return I require from an Athens as tribute that possession which is dearest and most precious to our people and then shall be destroyed cruelly as my son was destroyed. That condition is hard said the elders but it is just what is the tribute which you require as the king of son asked my house the face of King aegeus lost all of its color and he trembled as he thought of a little child and with its mother petrosyan. on the other side of the ceramic see but the elders knew nothing about this child and they answered alas. No, he has no son, but he has 50 nephews who are eating up his substance and lounging for the time to come when one of them shall be king. And as we have said it was they who slew the young prince and drogue EOS. I have not to do what those fellows said my nose you may deal with them as you like, but you ask what is the tribute that I require and I will tell you every year when the springtime comes and the Roses begin to bloom you shall choose seven of your noblest views and seven of your fairest maidens. And you will send them to me in a ship, but your king will provide. This is the tribute but you shall paint to me my nose king of Crete and if you fail for a single time for delay, even one day my soldiers will tear down your walls and burn your city and put your men to the sword and sell your wives and children as slaves. Be agree to this o Kings and the elders for it is the least of two evils, but tell us now. What shall be the fate of the seven youths and seven maidens. In great answered - there's a house called The Labyrinth the like of which you have never seen in it. There are a thousand Jeepers and winding ways and whosoever goes even a little way into them can never find his way out again. Into this house the seven youth and the Seven maidens shall be thrust and they shall be left there. To perish with Hunger for the elders. To be devoured by a monster who men called The Minotaur said my nose. And king aegeus and the elders covered their faces and wept and then they went slowly back to the city to tell their people of the sad and terrible conditions which Athens could alone be saved. It is better that have you should perish than that. The whole city should be destroyed. They said Years passed by Every Spring when the Roses began to bloom seven youth and seven maidens were brought on board of a black sailed ship and sent to marry to pay the tribute which king - required in every house in Athens. There was sorrow and read the people lifted up their hands to Athena on the hilltop and cried out. How long will Queen of the air how long shall this thing be? In the meanwhile. A little child had chosen on the other side of the sea and grown to be a man his name. He's he is wasn't everybody's mouth or he had done great Deeds of Daring and at last in come to Athens to find his father King aegeus would never heard whether he was alive or dead and when the youth had made himself known, The king and welcomed him to his home and all the people were glad because so Noble a prince and come to dwell among them and in time to rule over their City. Springtime came again. The black sail chip was rigged for another Voyage the rude treating Soldiers paraded the streets and the herald of King - stood at the gates and shouted. Yet three days. Oh Athenians and your tribute will be do when must be paid and in every strain the doors of the houses were shot and no man went into her out, but everyone sat silent with pale cheeks and wondered whose lot it would be to be chosen this year. But the Young Prince skeezius did not understand why he had not been told about the tribute. What is the meaning of all of this he cried what right has a cretin to demand tribute in Athens. And what is this tribute of what he speaks? And BG's let him aside and with tears told him of this ad war with King - and the Dreadful terms of their peace. Now say no more sobbed aegeus. It is better that a fusion die even in this and that all of us be destroyed. I will say more right Theseus. I haven't shall not pay tribute to great. I myself will go with these youths and maidens and I will slay the monster Minotaur and to buy King - himself upon his throne. Oh do not be so rash said the king. Our no one who is thrust into the den of the Minotaur ever comes out again. Remember that you are the hope of Athens and do not take this great risk upon yourself. Say you that I am the hope of happens fast PCS. And now and I do otherwise than go. And he began at once to make himself ready. On the third day all of the youths and maidens of the city were brought together in the marketplace so that Lots might be gassed for those who would be taken. And two vessels of brass were brought and said before king aegeus and the herald would come from great into one vessel. They placed as many balls as there were Noble youths in the city and into the other as many as there were maidens. And all the balls were white save only seven in each vessel, and those were black as ebony. Then every Maiden without looking reached her hand into one of the vessels and Drew forth a ball and those who took the black balls were born await the black ship which lay in wait by the shore. Young men also Drew Lots in like manner, but when six black balls had been drawn these years came quickly forward and said hold that no more balls be drawn. I will be the seventh youth to pay this tribute. Now let us go aboard the black ship and be off. And the people and King aegeus himself went down to the shore to take leave of the young men and maidens who they had. No, hope of seeing again. And all but these he has wept and were broken hearted. He'll come again father. He said I hope that you may send the Old King. If when the ship returns, I see a white sail spread above the black one and I shall know that you are alive and well. But if I only seen the black one and will tell me why you have perished. And now the vessel was loosed from its Moorings The North Wind to build the sale and the Seven youths and seven maidens were born away over the sea towards the Dreadful death, which awaited them in the far distant. Great. At last the black ship reached the end of its Voyage the young people were set ashore and a party of soldiers LED them through the streets towards the prison where they were to stay until the morrow. I did not weep or cry out for they had outgrown their fears, but the paler faces and firm said lips. They walked between the rows of Crete and houses and looked neither to the right nor to the left. The windows and doors are full of people who are eager to see them. What a Pity that such Brave young men should be food for the minotaurs had some. The maidens are so beautiful and should meet the paint. So sad said others. Now they passed close by the palace gate. And in it stoneking my knows himself and his daughter Maria the fairest of the women of great indeed. Those are noble young fellows that the king. Yes to Noble to feed the vial. Minotaurs that Aria the nobler the better said the king and yet none of them can compare with your lost brother and drug use Sorry, I said no more and yet she thought that she had never seen anyone who looked so much like a hero as young PCS how tall he was and how handsome how proud his eye and our firm is Step surely there has never been a man like him and crate. All through that night I really awake and thought of the matchless hero and green but he should be doomed to perish and then she began to lay plans for setting him free at the earliest beep of day she arose and while everyone else was asleep. She ran out of the palace and hurried to the prison. She was the King's Daughter the Jailer open the door at her bidding and allowed her to go inside Paris at the seventh use and the Seven maidens on the ground, but they had not lost hope. She took the easiest aside and whispered to him. She told him of a plan but she had made to save him and these he has promised her that when he had slain the Minotaur he would carry her away with him to Athens where she should live with him always then she gave him a sharp sword and hated underneath his cloak telling him that with it alone. He could hope to slay the Minotaur. And here is all of silken thread. She said as soon as you go into the Labyrinth where the monster has kept thousand one end of the thread the stone door post and then and wind it as you go along. When you have slain the Minotaur you have only to follow the thread and it will lead you back to the door. And the meanwhile, I will see that your ship is ready to sail. And then I will wait for you at the door of the labyrinth. These he has thanked me to pull princess and promised her again. But if he should live to go back to Athens that she should go with him and be his wife and the Breyer to Athena Aria hastened away. As soon as the sun was up. The guards came to leave the young prisoners into the Labyrinth. They did not see the sword which these he has had under his cloak nor the tiny. A ball of silk, but she held in his closed hand. They LED youths and maidens a long way into the Labyrinth turning here and there back and forth a thousand different times until it seemed certain they could never find their way out again. Then the Garth by a secret passage, which they alone knew went out and left them as they had left many others before to wander about until they should be found by the terrible Minotaur. Stay close to me said these he has to his companions and with the help of Athena who dwells in our Temple home in our home to Paris City. I will save you then he drew his sword and stood in the narrow way before them and they all lifted up their hands and braid to Athena. For hours, they stood there hearing no sound and seeing nothing. But the smooth I walls on either side of the passage and the calm blue sky, so I above them. And the Maiden sat down upon the ground and covered their faces unsolved and said oh, but he would come and put an end to our misery in our lives. At last later in the day. They heard a bell owing. I would faint as though our away. They listened and sooner did it again a little louder than very Fierce and Dreadful. It is he it is he cried the easiest and now for the fight? Then he shouted so loudly that the walls of the labyrinth answered back and the sound was carried upward to the sky and our to the Rock and Cliffs of the mountains. The Minotaur heard him and his bellowings grew louder and Pierce her every moment. He is coming right Theseus. And he ran forward to meet the Beast. Seven Main in the street, but trying to stand up bravely and face their fate and the six young men stood together with the firm said team and clenched fists ready to fight to the last. Send the Minotaur came into view rushing down the passage towards the easiest and roaring most terribly. He was twice as tall as a man. His head was like that of a bull but huge sharp horns and firing eyes a mouth as large as the Lions. But the young men could not see the lower part of his body for the cloud of dust which he raised and running. When he saw a piece he has with the sword in his hand coming to meet him Minotaur past or no one had ever faced him in that way before he put his head down and rushed forward following. But these years left quickly aside and made a sharp thrust with his sword as he passed and hewed off one of the minotaurs legs above Annie the Minotaur fell upon the ground roaring and groaning and beating wildly about with his horn dead and is half like this. The Theseus namely ran up to him and thrust the sword into his heart and was away again before the Beast could harm him but great stream of blood gushed from the wound and soon the Minotaur turned his face towards the sky and was dead. And the youths and maidens Randa Theseus and kissed his hands and feet and thanked him for his great deed. And as it was already growing dark the easiest Bay them to follow him while he wound up the silken thread, which was to lead them out of the labyrinth. Three thousand rooms in courts and winding ways they went and at midnight they came to the owner door and saw the city lying in the Moonlight before them. And only a little way off was this Esure where the black ship was moored, which had brought them to great. The door was wide open and beside it stood our area waiting for them. The wind is fair the Seas move and the sailors already. She whispered and she took the arm of these years and all went together through the silent streets to the ship. When the morning dawned they were far out to sea and looking back from the deck of the little vessel will leave the white tops of the great mountains or inside my nose when he rose from sleep did not know that the youths and maidens had gone safe out of the labyrinth, but when Aria could not be found he thought that robbers and carried her away. He sent soldiers out to search for her among the hills and mountains never dreaming that she was now well on our way towards distant Athens many days past but at last the Searchers returned and said that the princess could nowhere to be found and the Gang covered his head and wept and said now indeed I am bereft of all my treasures. In the meanwhile, king aegeus of Athens had sat day after day on a rock by the shore looking and watching if by chance he might see a ship coming from the south. At last The Vessel with Theseus and his companions covid design. It still carried only the black sail for in their Joy the young men had forgotten to raise the white one. Alas alas. My son has perished only Jesus and he fainted and fell forward into the sea and was drowned and that Sea from that until now has been called by his name the Aegean Sea and the sleaziest became the king of Adam. And that's my darling ends our story time for today. As always I hope that you have a very sweet and creepy dreams. Good night.