Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in Predicaments I could not even fathom how he got there. So the last time I talked to Nate was when he had checked into a rehabilitation center for his alcoholism. Now what we have to understand about Nate. Is although he may be considered an alcoholic he by no stretch of the imagination is driving drunk. He's not break. He's not doing anything illegal. He's not doing anything nefarious. He just gets himself in predicaments. He gets himself lost and the biggest problem is the alcohol adds to his already goofball personality. Now a sober Nate, Is already off the wall. The man is a few Kranz short of a toolbox and that's straight from his mouth. I promise you but the last time I had talked to him, he seemed like things had been going. Well, he was checking into rehab he was going into a sober house and he was eventually going to start back his job that he had when he checked himself in we were going to get the ball rolling again. However, whenever I'm not able to contact Nate, I usually will contact his mom or his stepdad Joe. I have since lost contact with his mom. So I'm not entirely sure where Nate is. Now when I can't get ahold of them the go to is to drive over to their home both his mom and his stepdad and often he lives there as well and different spurts. I'll drive over there just kind of unannounced that away. I least know he's okay. He's alive everyone's doing well. Well about three four days ago. When I arrived to his home, it had been demolished. There was no home there. There wasn't even a glimpse that a Was there previously so was Nate even real is Fergus a figment of my imagination or is he a real person? Oh man, he is a very real person now again, I've known him since the second grade. I have stories abound that. I will let you know exactly who Nate is and Of these stories I will denote if not, they will be sober Nate because that's my absolute favorite Nate now there will be some funny drunk Nate stories because everyone has a good drunk story. Especially Nate and I've lived with Nate on and off for two two and a half years stretches. So on the other side of this, I'm going to have my good friend - nipples. It's Tim schneebly how he got the name schnibbles. We will address on a completely other time. I'll have him on the main podcast at some point. But on the other side of this break, we're going to delve into how schnibbles first met Fergus how he got the name Fergus and one of his most fond memories of and welcome back with me is mr. Tim schneebly and or schnibbles not you know, what not and or its schnibbles. We're calling him schnibbles. I'm kind of stuck with it anymore. Welcome sniffles. No, so. You know Nate nasty / Fergus, correct? How long have you known this man for a feels like since high school but during High School, I didn't know him as Fergus. I didn't really know him at all. He was just the kid that sat behind me in algebra and quickly. So everyone knows because we keep saying back in high school what ages we were back then when I was in second grade. I'm going to be 33 in two days. She double old you I'm 32. Okay, so since you were at 16 or so, you've known 817. Yeah. Yeah, and I've known Nate since I was 7 so 26 years, but what are your what are your memories of Nate in high school? The way I saw Nate was just some kid that loved Metallica and had long hair and always had here in his face and we just pretty much the moment class started. He would just eat it straight to sleep, right? Yes. Yes slam his head down on the table and just be out or he just leaned back in the teacher just kind of gave up after a while. It was just like it's pointless. I think one of them one of my favorite times was myself Nate. Jason does be in prominently j-bone. We were in English three basic class and we had to read a book and they just head down immediately. But there was someone coming into the classroom like might have been the lead of The English Department and the teacher was like guys, can you at least please try to make it look like you're being productive or something so I don't get marks against me and like yeah. We can do that. No problem. So we kind of just all did our own thing except for Nate who in an effort to make it look like he was reading the book put his head down on the desk and then had me place the book on top of his face. So that's that's Fergus. Yeah wrap them up pretty well, but that that's what you know him from it. You had no real interactions with him anymore. It was just never talked to him nothing. Literally sat right behind me for at least a year number talk to him and it was just observing this very tired Metallica fan. Oh man. Yeah so fast forward you and myself became friends when I was 19 and you were still in high school through Dave and Tim look a and because of that you had become introduced. To nasty. Yeah. Now do you recall out of high school? What your first memory is of Nate? Like how you met him in like a hey, my name's nipples or I don't I really don't all I can remember is the countless stories and the insane amount of Craziness that followed him and and that's why I wanted to start this podcast. Also. I do have a different installment of the podcast but this one specifically finding Fergus is I have so many neat stories that I've told people the world over and nobody believes this man is real you could not believe the stories that would come from him but schnibbles upon meeting him. The stories that I had told you do they make perfect sense or are you still not sure they exist? Oh, it's it's crazy. Like you said when you tell people these stories and they just want to believe you and one might be told me stories. I'm like, yeah, okay clears over-exaggerated, whatever and the moment I met him within a minute. It was clear. Yeah. No, he was D wasn't messed around. I think one of my most Vivid memories. Of when you after you had met Nate. Was when I was wrestling down in Elk Grove and the Chicago area and meesh came to watch me wrestle my girlfriend at the time came to watch and she had never met me before now again, I had told her so many Nate stories and just the juxtaposition between who Nate is and between who she is and to give you guys an idea. Nate is currently somewhere out of rehab missing and meesh my ex is currently my doctor. So there's a very different dichotomy there. Now. I know this story very well. But you were there to actually witness it as I was in the locker room getting ready for my match, but this had to be 2007. I want to say what is your recollection of? The first time Miche met me well me and Nate were sitting there and watching the show and they finally me showed up and she came over to sit by us. And beforehand. We were we were discussing that Nate was going to be there and she got very excited because she wanted to beat this person that these stories were always about and now Niche nose Nate's These she knows that he's a bit off. He's a big Goofy. He's a bit of an oddball because that certainly plays into how she initially addresses and she doesn't she didn't know what Nate looked like keep in mind. This was 2007 that this happened and prior to that. I wasn't taking a lot of pictures of Nate we didn't have the cell phones that we would just take pictures all the time. You would have to have a wind-up camera with a finite amount of space on the camera and I I can promise you that that space was not wasted on Nate or anything about it. I will post a few pictures online on my Instagram on Facebook of older pictures of Nate that will bring us up to the 2007 time and then I'll try to post a picture of that meeting as well. But I'm sorry go ahead with your story. Yes. Miche came to sit down and immediately she was interested to meet Nate. And first thing she said to me as she sat down was where's the dumb one and without skipping a beat Nate turned to her and says hi. I'm Nate completely unaware that she had said, where's the dumb one? And he was like, oh, that's me. If she's not talking about your nipples, and I'm the dumb one. And this this is just par for the course for Nate. Now again, these stories make it sound like he might be a little far behind borderline this but at best he's Borderlands dude, like when we because we've hung out with him obviously countless times and the dudes actually incredibly witty, he can be incredibly funny. It's just one he drinks. It gets funnier, but him as a person in general. So now You and I you myself Niche Drew. We tend to play some games we hung out a bit. And we would play a few games particularly one in scattegories that would inevitably give us not only multiple rules. But some of the funniest moments of my life and the nickname for finding Fergus this this title of the exactcast carry you to entertain us, but how that came about boy. Yeah, so we were really big into scattegories back to the same amount of I'm so we were at Drew's house hanging out and we were playing along and the for those of you who aren't sure what's categories is it's a game. It came based on Words entirely. What you do is you have a dice you have categories. You have a pad of paper you roll a dice with a letter and you have to correspond the group with that letter. So I'm movies starting with em, you know, Magic Mike things like that. So that's kind of the gist of scattegories. It requires a lot of thinking and it's not Nate strong suit would just say we're the best. He's I don't even want to play Scattergories unless I'm playing with an 8 because it's answers were just the best ever and one of my all-time favorite is why he's called Fergus was the question was names from the Bible and starting with Smith f I had nothing Miche had nothing. You had nothing Drew had nothing. Yeah, and with all the confidence of a six-year-old who just made their first breakfast in bed for their mother. He yells out. Fergus he Fergus and so we immediately thumbs down that Matt data that answer because it was terrible you to take it very lightly either. He did not take it very lightly and this is where you really got a glimpse of Nate because Funny Nate can throw out Fergus and we go. Oh my God, that's a funny name. No, you don't get the point and goes. Ah, it was worth a shot. I don't know if that's in there. But it's a funny name. He the eminently thought that there was a Ferguson the Bible to the point that he then spent multiple minutes trying to get online at Drew's house to Google Fergus. And if I recall that the Google search was biblical So ladies and gentlemen, I will have schnibbles on here again to talk about Nate because we have so many stories. I'm going to have other people come on tell their Nate stories thinking about what he could be doing now where we can find him my friend Bobby fire whose he's known him as long as I have. Have and we would all play when we were children. I asked him recently where Nate could possibly be and his responses were one of two places that we can start out if there's a NASCAR race anywhere in the vicinity. We need to check. And it's feasible that he could be waiting somewhere in Chicago for an XFL try out for when the city finally gets a team. So thank you all for listening to finding Fergus. Hopefully you continue with us on this journey going forward Nate NASA. If you hear it, buddy, we miss you. We love you. Please give us a call because we're out there to find you sniffles any final words before we let him go. Please come back. Making solid God. I don't we want that to be the tone of the Box. All right, I'll say I'm not sure how often these will be dropping but even if they're just solo album solo albums, even there. There's a solo episodes. I'm going to try and update finding Fergus stories as much as I can. I'm going to get as many people as possible to tell stories. I've all friends throughout wrestling who know I have friends in Finland who have come over and met him and been just bewildered by his existence. But I do want to keep this going as much as possible because you guys need to know who this man is. He is one of my favorite people on the entire planet and I hope he becomes yours. Once we find Nate the end result is to hopefully have him on the podcast and then he explained himself. Himself, what's going on in his mind where he's been what he's doing and hopefully all is well. But in order to get there, we have to find Fergus.