I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never read before and I think that we are going to have fun with this conversation because we are going to be talking about SE hinton's The Outsiders and it's funny. She just I put on Facebook and on Twitter that I just reread it because she's very active on Twitter. She apparently is a big fan of Supernatural she end this whole book has a basically whole very benevolent fan cold around it. There's like a rapper who helped preserve the house. In Oklahoma, that was the setting for the movie and it's a whole other thing. It's huge. It's huge and she yes, there's the movie The Stephen King Showtime show The Outsider. So Stephen made a something on Twitter about oh if you haven't read the end and so she very jokingly made reference to her own book to The Outsiders. And so I retweeted her and said, I just read this book again today and it meant a lot to me and she retweeted it. So there's a lot of Outsiders fans. Probably gonna come get me I think the wrong thing so, you know just to reiterate to people who might be finding the podcast for the first time. This is not an academic show. We talk about books for fun. So if we get stuff wrong our apologies, we are nothing but goodness about it. Yes. Yes, but cool. We can't why it is such an interesting book. And again, I'd never read it before I grew up in Connecticut. Oklahoma's seems like a world away as does 1965 When It Was Written I apologize for that statement. But like it's so wildly different than I thought it was going to be. What did you think it was going to be? Like what did you know about it? I knew that it was a movie. First of all starring all the go. Or just white boys of the 80s everything one of them except for Kevin Bacon. Never Kevin Bacon for Kevin. So I knew it had Swayze I who is like dreamy Beyond Dreamboat as soon as I realized again that I had not seen the movie as soon as I realized that Rob Lowe as problematic as he is. It was playing soda pop. I was like obviously who was I was beautiful in the 1980s than Rob Lowe. No one so I knew that much and I knew that like Matt Dillon that was like his big movie and just like that's about all I knew about it because I never read the book and I actually still haven't seen the movie. So I'm coming at this from only a book perspective. You have to slip so funny is when you read the book, I read the book and saw the movie probably around the same time in 1994. And those the movie had been a year old. It came out when I I was living in Saudi Arabia. My dad worked for a company that was working with the government to do their bus services. So my sister my twin sister Lin and I spent six and seven threes in Riyadh. So we got everything like six months late. So we knew about this and Footloose from and Red Dawn from seriously those movies from magazines. And so when it was like being through like a Time Warp time we came back. Back first movie we saw was Footloose. We were so excited. I think this pretty much shaped my what I did for the rest of my life as a pop culture writer because I don't know how to do anything else. Yeah. Well that knowledge is where like math should be but it's true. So the book I guess we were conscious of Tom Cruise because we had been home for a summer when Risky Business came out, so I wasn't obviously each other you could see business at 12, but I was aware of him and I was aware of Ralph Macchio from having been the mysterious trouble cousin on Eight Is Enough so I know it's true and so in the karate kid came out the summer we came back. So I was born in who all of these people were sort of in real time. And then you read the book reading the book again, like 34 years later 35 years later. I realized how great the casting was that he liked what you mentioned. Rob Lowe. There was no one more beautiful soda pop supposed to be like the most beautiful. Evil person in the world and there was no one more beautiful 1983 Rob Lowe. It's almost painful. It's ridiculous. Look at this cast going like it's like they formed humans to match the book. It's very weird. And I really liked it honestly, and we've been like, you know couple yes'm I think up problematic opinions about the Marvel Universe, but he was spot-on in this spot on in this absolutely. It's what Actually shocking because it's a little I was born in 85. So this is like a little bit before my time and we had like and all of these guys were like straight-up adults by the time that I was a teenager. So it was like a little bit weird to be like Patrick Swayze like super dreamy little bit too old for me, but now looking back as like as an adult. I'm looking at these kids going. Holy cow. This is just this really did encapsulated generation. Even though it takes place well before the 1980s well before the 1980s and just like the casting like I did not remember reading the book friend since the Johnny character. Who's Ralph Macchio. I'm they don't never mentioned like this person was Italian this person was I heard this person was ever but describe Johnny as dark and I was like, yeah, there you go and small. I'm like literally like how did you find that person at that moment to be that personally and I did not remember as a kid really honing in on her descriptions of for instance the darkness of Johnny and that we was weak and small and dark and that soda pop was was blond and we very Sunshine like and the description of people's eyes and stuff and it's a very she started the book at 15 and it's a very young so young and so are things that as an adult I'm reading going. Oh, I wish I'd know more about this person is in her life and I go I am critiquing a 15 year old girl character study, which is amazing. I mean the way that she was able to and also it's such a male book and that as a 15 year old girl to recreate this very male teenage adolescent world girl. Was it to the point where I eat? It's a feat and I guess if you if you understand that the reason that they had her the agent header right SE hitting this because they didn't want it to be in when know she was a girl because they didn't think it's a girl seriously. Yeah, it's a total JK Rowling situation where it's like we're going to disguise the fact that you know, we don't think boys will read girl books written by girls. But also like how did you get into the psyche of teenage boys singing so well being just like a now outside Observer of their of their culture is crazy. It was crazy. So what is the same way because I was reading it, you know, and I realized that like, I was critiquing it as an adult reading a book that you know felt like it was written by a kid. It's fantastic but it is like a little bit simple to the point where you're like, oh this person is not like an advanced or academic writer writing about these things, but it's phenomenal it is and then you go and then She's 15 and she's 15 and I never did when I was 15 everything I wrote when I was 15 was like bad poetry such bad poetry and song lyrics about guys who didn't like me. Oh, yeah so bad and I wrote like I figured out early that I was a writer. So rather than do like dioramas out of macaroni and cheese for project. I wrote plays its won't long hand, you know. And that became my gift and ever like my first. Record review in 9th grade, which was I believe of mr. Misters first album. Oh my gosh, that's amazing heads. Once again, I old that and I wrote a thing saying that Howard Jones has no one is to blame was the best song ever written ever particularly with the Phil Collins backing that was 15. So that's what I did it with it. And this is one of the teens so who was better it was not it was not there is a joke. On The Golden Girls at which I'm going to bring up and roast is to Dorothy. It's okay. Lots of tall girls who couldn't get dates in high school wrote poetry and that just hit me right into the quick because that sums up my high school years. I know and you just go I used to refer to them as why don't you love me Kevin poems and I didn't invite him Kev when I was in high school. I barely dated anybody, but but absolutely it's like that's what you do. But now you know that I'm you know that Journalist for a long time and I have a book coming out and stuff and now dammit successful writer. I want to like find those people and go. Ahh, and then I don't know that makes it happy weirder and more pathetic and I'm super sorry. I'm getting back my car, but I have to ask when we were talking about The Outsiders. What is your working definition of a fuck boy? It's so funny because there there's so many definitions of it. There is the original Urban thing at once again, I'm old so I even though I'm black raised in Baltimore. I was not in the culture of people who say things like fuck boy when he came up because I am a living in Florida for almost 18 years be I am in my 40s and no one says things like that to me, but my I actually did research they the original understanding. Basically, like and I have nothing against Drake but people like Drake fuck-boy, you know, they say just because it's like that he says dumb shit and he is you know that kind of thing and then it's the sort of like recreated sort of white pop culture version of what is which is he's a bad boyfriend. He's around that's very literal. I like you well version of it, but I think that so many of the people are describing your podcast or both. Yeah our book glad you brought that up because I have a lot of people that I interview are white and they are coming at it from like the lady white blogosphere definition of life. Oh, he's just a jerky boyfriend and it's like I do remember when it first started coming out and like it was just like a shitty dude. You just didn't want to be around and it didn't have anything to do with like the sexual relationship effect of it was the Like he was W just like your boy. It's like he could be the it's like you're a you know, I'm gonna go back to my 90's. So the whole scrubs thing, you're a buster. You're you're a guy who's not worth in any way considering what you think whether it's romantically have or pop politically or whatever. Just got your keys. Yeah. So yeah, that's where I came at it and then when I started to realize it's sort of like the word Bushi that boogy my life had a very specific connotation, which was like and one thing I'm using 80s and 90s. Pop culture references whittling on a different world or maybe the huxtables. It was very much a black community representation of someone who thought they were highfalutin someone who will stuck-up someone who put on airs who may or may not cultured as they wanted you to think. So then when I in that last two or three years my wife friends started using Russia, and I was like who told you like know what? Yeah, and then I realize it's not the way that they were using at all they were using it in the context of like Once again of your Revolution bhujbal, yeah through schwa and they were using bougie. Yes. It's a you know, it's a abbreviation of it, but it's not the same thing. So to the point where I went to buy a shirt and I saw sure that's his bougie. It was in like a black shop and I didn't buy it when I had I didn't want people thinking that I meant the wrong thing. So yeah. Yeah that shirt so, you know, I have to admit like I have used the word but I Stupidly said it I was we were we were leasing a car my husband and I and we went and we got an electric Audi, you know, just because we're like we can afford it. It's going to be a first luxury car. So we've had to lease it and I was just like kind of self-conscious about leasing like a very expensive car and I had used the word like oh, this makes me feel really bujji, but I did not occur to me that the gentleman who I was leaving the courtroom was an older black man, it's me something totally different. Different to you. I am being such an asshole and I was like embarrassed about it for the rest of the day and I was like, ah, you got to remember that slang or been appropriated. It means something different. Wow, that greeting you it white woman, but what's so funny if you had been with your black girlfriends and understand the context in which they used it. It could have stoled it still. Yeah because like if I rolled up to my cousins are some of my friends in a luxury car they would say, oh look at you bougie, you know say would be the same thing. It's just From a different. Yes. Yes, it's Bourgeois. Not so much in the oh, I'm spending too much money thing. It's more like oh you think you cute kind of way exactly exactly. And so it was interesting to talk about consider reading this book for the first time through the lens of fuccbois. Mm where I usually talk about it in the bad boyfriend way, but it's the fuck Boys in The Outsiders are definitely like the original definition way. Yes. And although I was reading for both connotations the Dallas once in character those of you who are my age understand what saying met Dylan played this person meant in 1980 from so when I say Matt Dillon you go. Oh I get it. It's yeah I get think what that was that he was. Presented both in the movie and as I originally read the book as that character that's always in movies like from the 60s on the Misunderstood boy. Yeah. He's a jerk and yet he threw drinks too much and he my parents don't like meth because he's original and he's cool and he's awesome and whatever and then realized once you're 25, you're like that guy's a jackass. Yeah, never do that guy. Who's not a good person every day pick up. So you mean it that way and then reading it once again as an adult and as a mother of a son who's six, you know who Over My Dead Body, will he become that person I'm reading it. And once again, she puts as he hit and writes about this character. Yes, as this person who everybody wants to be but she also writes about how he was from New York, and he Management delinquent there and he just brought to Oklahoma what he knew which is being juvenile delinquent and that he didn't love anyone or anything other than Johnny this poor kid who gets kicked around and beat up a lot and that he wasn't cool. He was a person who was detached from life and didn't love anybody and that at the end you understand that he's not a person to be held up as as an idol. He's a person to be pitied because he didn't understand. Well the other was that the word the use of the word. Gallant there's a parts where there and it's so funny because I have as a black person a perhaps different understanding of Gone With The Wind that other people do but yeah, I remember at 13 even that that was the book that was read that they you know, they go up to the church when they're running away from killing the stosh and they have the book with them and the reading it and obviously you would as a 15 year old kid in. Yeah, you would think any place was romantic. You would think any other time where it seemed like people stood for something whatever am not going to give the whole thing about the Confederacy because it doesn't even appear. They didn't get that deep into it. So I'm not going to go into. Oh, they're saying competitive it Confederacy was awesome because they weren't it just for these kids. They're watching this time. They didn't even know he admits they don't even know a lot about the Civil War or anything it just that exactly these are these guys that seem like they're fighting for something and that they get And they're you know, they seem very romantic and what they wear and the court ladies and stuff. So they're they're the gallantry of it as the pageantry of it and that there's a an order to things there's rules of decorum. Yes follow which they and their rules of decorum are this is the kind of Rumble where you don't bring your switchblade. I mean, that's where they come from So reading this and going yeah anything would seem like what do these kids? Yeah. So when you know, he's describing dowdell has died and he says, you know, even though he never got to read he never had to read Gone With the Wind but you know, I still think the way he died was gallant and like that is a very 14 year old person because punny boys 40s to think that you would try to find some meaning in it. I mean I look at that and say oh my God, what a waste of a person. Yeah, Noble of suicide by cop. No, you feel like you have nothing to live for and you didn't you do it that way. There's nothing about that and it's like an any like it reminded. I'm from Baltimore again. So it reminded me of the wire or of any of Spike Lee's movies in the 80s and 90s around me a lot of clockers that you watch it. And there seems to be an understanding that there's something that these people Like to believe that there's something poetic and the violence that they provided me but at the end it's just a dead kid. Yeah, and that was that man. It's just waste they just waste funny about that something something funny about that scene. Now, I was in eighth grade when I was in the midst of my Outsiders Maniac I was interred in a dramatic reading contest and I of course read that scene where Delhi died be reading it today because I was literally close my eyes and got disqualified from the dramatic reading because I memorized it. And you weren't God memorize it so it was hilarious because I basically a close my eyes or the deli once and wanted to be dead. He always got what he wanted and the judges go that was really beautiful. But we have to just call by you because you obviously can colorize it and I was never my invite friend who one is now still my best friend because she understood rules and actually kept her eyes open and read so I did not but yeah, it's so interesting to me. Like it going back to the the fuccboi thing that when the Cherry character who's played by Diane Lane who continues to be the perfect to me that? when she talks about Dally, you know she hopes you never really got to know him because if she saw him again she'd fall in love with him. Yes, and I thought okay. This SE Hinton is writing a character who's her age. She was a girl understands that things of course. Once again, I'm the old Auntie going now know that the bad part if you read the scene run away run away when you see the scene when they're in the movie, he's harassing her. He's harassing girl through the entire. Stick he's being gross. He's trying to touch her. He's like kicking the back of her seat and she goes like that guy's too much. I'll follow up with them. Like no no no, those are assigned of abusive personality traits right now. We will way but then I go that's super authentic to 15 year old girls to 16 year old solutely 16. She would she drove and I had forgotten how much of the book she was in I had forgotten you know that she's the one uses the Spy basically who comes back and she's a major character. Yes, and she comes back and she says hey this is what they want to do in terms of the rumble, you know, and then you have I'd forgotten the conversation that she had with Ponyboy at the end spoilers about how she could to go see Johnny in the hospital because even though she knew Bob was an asshole. Yeah. She still loved him and she saw something beautiful and smart and him even though he was a jerk and it him once again because his book was written by someone who's so young, of course. You're writing these characters. You see that you see yes, this person is horrible, but they are good. I don't I don't I don't really care. If you're a nice person if you kill people. Yeah exactly a few redeeming qualities that can erase that know so well, he didn't eat was trying to kill funny boy. He did not actually get to live to kill him. But what he exactly he was torturing him first retreat, Fantastic because you know and the fact that she admitted that the minute he described what happened to Johnny. She knew that it was Bob because of his ring and I was ugly. Well that bitch and I thought no no no stayed with him and you turn with him, but then again teenagers, you know, so then again teenager soon again something very soon that that's what she was expected to. Do, you know Judith infected to stay with this boy because he was the popular boy and she was the Golan yeah Sorry to interrupt the show, but I do have to bring you a really quick word from our sponsor. Anchor FM. I host fuckboys of lid on anchor and honestly, I love it. Anchor is the absolute easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first of all, it's free so you can't get any better than that. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is fantastic and it's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. Be sure to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Okay, that's it now back to the show. And there's the weird like mid-century fantasy of and but their honesty about it is what really struck me of just under of this people having conversations that like we are not supposed to have feelings because they're unseemly we everything is a lark everything is not to be taken seriously because we're just not supposed to is just very prescient for a 15 16 year old girl to criticize in the way that she did. And that to me seemed almost smarter than 15 year old but once again, she's 15 writing this and she the Cherry character was a year older. I guess she was 16 when she finished and she sent it to the Asia, but that It was so written so adult lie, is that a word that I will make it one will make it what it's worth. Now. That was like wow, that's the once again just the inner life of these characters but like that. I was so struck with the whole once again, when you look back at like I love like 1950s and 60s songs. Like I love the girl group and political leader of the pack and you're reading this back and going he was probably a jerk. I'm sorry kid. Lee not nice James Dean's characters all of them bad people. So all of them, you know, just yes misunderstood and mistreated whatever but you know Rebel Without a Cause rich white kid. Okay. Sorry, sorry. Yeah. Well, thank you mentioned that because like the book is called The Outsiders but the fact the matter is is there are there's one Outsider in the entire book. There's one person who hasn't lived there his entire life and that's dally who comes from New York and everyone's terrified of him everyone feared him and what's so funny as I make this way. It depends on how you see the word Outsider because he's certainly out to guess he comes in. He's like, I think you do that though when you come into a situation like I'm be the baddest of the bad because some people leave me alone. Stay away from me. I mean, they feel like Outsiders from society from the scioscia's and the scioscia's individually felt like Randy felt like an outsider in his own system and Cherry felt like an outsider that she Just going along with it. So in a way everybody's an outsider, which I think book was trying to say but it's difficult to when you see it's like because they were so styled and that James Dean way right that that emotional distance. Yes, misunderstood and once again, I kind of take it to once again. I'm going to be very Gen-X here when I was right out of college Reality Bites came out. Mhm. And sort of like you're Luke Perry as Dylan Walsh made as Dylan from 90210 to know and Ethan Hawke and reality bites on these characters who were damaged in some way and alienated and whatever and they smoked a lot and drove cult. Hours and and I dated a guy like that would briefly when I was in college, you know, he was really gorgeous and reminded me of both of those people both of those characters and then you look up and go he's just a kid, you know, and he you know, he smoked when he pumped gas because he was dangerous not because he was like energy and you know, he was like he was back. He was the guy who said I'm vegetarian, but I eat fish because I can't decide if they're animals are not you know, and I was like he was going Domino like it must be to be so mysterious mysterious want to get very nice guy just very 21 very 20s. And so I'm not gonna say no, but if you're listening that guy you were nice, but very hot and yeah, but you grew up and fisher animals, but Yeah, when you know, it's true, but like the whole archetype of you know, that that even hot character who was a jerk then coming Reality Bites was a it was a jackass and it doesn't matter that. He was estranged from his parents. It doesn't have Merit matter that he felt inadequate you don't treat people like he treated people you don't treat people like he treated women writers character and then get her at the end ever go. Okay. She rejects the Ben Stiller character who's like super responsible and just makes a mistake and she's like no you who sang a song of I was a slut in front of everybody that we know including that guy sure your percolate. Yeah, but what is the romance of not having parents that is just so prevalent in this era of Pop Culture rule, I think and I thought about the people once again, I am a mom. I am a widowed single mom and I have a six-year-old kid and I watched thing read things like this and All of the Disney movies where they kill them off. Yeah, like all of them. I don't get it. And in this once again, it's like as he hit into such a wonderful job of creating worlds. And I and she talking about I read an interview that's in the version of the book that I read that was cobbled together over several interviews, and she talks about how she was not the best place in her life. She did not say why I'm right or specify but there was something going on and I guess to me it's like Lord of the Flies. It's like Like what would kids do what we kids have to do to survive if there were no parents. Who would they become and that Dairy becomes an adult and yeah and Ponyboy doesn't get it at first. Yeah, because all he knows is areas. So resentful and angry. Yes, because he was he had every could have gotten out of there. He could have been the one that got out and he did the responsible thing and stayed home. And yes, he lets his kids brother smoke if you there's that line when he's sick. and he says if you smoke more than a pack a day, I'll get you I'm like, why is he how can you just got a pack a day in bed own bed, but you know, well sweetie if you were, you know, an orphan who was 20 and raising your your brother's with all your of your kind of hoodlum friends and yeah these Oklahoma you're doing okay because yeah, there are still kick in and you know, yeah, oh here You can make chocolate cake for breakfast, you know, and you do it. Here's the thing. I had not remembered at all that there's the part and maybe I didn't think a lot about soda pop because I was interested in everybody else, but then soda pops girlfriend apparently is pregnant and that's why she leaves a Musa Florida. Yeah. I did not remember that at I had no memory of that from and it's not his or at least she says it's not exist. So she misses the point the beginning where he says, you know, You have Tri got Sandy at smooth, Florida. It was either that or get married and I went auction pregnant. So then I of course. Yeah, Austin Googled was Sandy pregnant and The Outsiders like yes, she was like what I get. I guess I'm going to bring it back to when we're talking point really quickly and I just thought it was so interesting that they're the divided amongst. Our main conflict of the book is socio-economic class, but to see how little impact that actually As on the punishment of Johnny and Ponyboy with like kind of astounding to me he ever so interesting and I once again I'm reading this as a you know, 2020 mother of a black child grew up in Baltimore. So I have course first of all, I'm reading this saying in 1950 1950 1960 s if there were any black people in Oklahoma, they whatever, but that's cool. Anyway, so yeah, we're not have been a fact that's a good point and And watch reading this going I can't fault her from writing from her experience because that was her experience. You know, right? No one has a worldview really, you know, particularly pre-internet in 1945. So she's right about which right now and the only times in which anyone who is night not white as mentioned. And the book is at one point. They said someone like had a fight with a Mexican. I'm like, okay, right and that a couple times they make a couple their couple Indian jokes. Yeah. Yeah sure. You know, you always read I was so nervous that there was going to be something racist in this book because we to there always is you read anything back and go? Oh Lord, but why yeah why but you know particularly at the time it was written and you know by a younger person who may become may not have been Necessarily conscious of that but there wasn't right. I was really excited about was like, yeah, there were a couple Indian jokes, you know kids make Jokes which doesn't mean that jokes are right because they're not but once exactly the care also that is very right for the characters in these books because the character in this bright actors in This Book are raising themselves, and they are Hard Scrabble and are and if parents are around their abusive or Negligent to an extreme. Yes, so they're they're going to have some rough ideas about other people so and it wasn't even like Indians like an actual Native Americans down the streets and it was like a right mythical Cowboy didn't mean like a specific native person. It was just as a concept like you look like a wild engine that kind of let you oh, yeah, but you know, everybody not everybody people talk like that. It was never right, but I am exactly cultural thing, but But yeah in the sort of in terms of the punishment you look at it and you go first. Well, I'm watching going. Yeah, if those were black kids that would have been buried under the jail. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. They would never see the light of day never see the light of day and they certainly would have taken them from from their 20 year old brother who was in The Gang absolutely. He was in the get fight. I'm yelling at the hook going and of course, I can't help but see the beautiful Patrick Swayze It's oh, by the way, this is funny. So there's the part I have forgotten how much there's a scene in the movie where they're getting ready to go to the to the rumble the rumble and her doing somersaults and whatever and I it's very prevalent in the movie and because they look so gorgeous and I had forgotten that that was specifically from the book. I interviewed see Thomas Howell. Years ago, I was some Anna anniversary of the movie and wow, he talked about how that seen Tom Cruise as one would imagine it was very intense and was very messy about it and wanted to get it exactly right and Steve the is character does the somersault and they said that he was there all night. He never went home. Oh my gosh. He was all there all night. He does that tell you till you everything you need to know what Tom Cruise that he was like, And they knew that it was going to be a short scene and it was going to be like 4 seconds of this a passing moment. It's a passing moment. And he was like, I'm nailing this I'm Steve is such a minor character character too and they're like, okay good night. And I and what but he nailed it fun. They said they seem to lose nail those some results because we use like he was there all night practicing which I just thought was hilarious. Yeah, because I'm doing Patrick Swayze was like a dancer. ER and like an acrobat to begin with he probably just showed up like rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and did the flip. I know it was like boom okay or what next? What are we doing now? Yeah. All right. Do it Doug was like who to me? Once again at the most beautiful man in the universe. I yeah, my dad died of cancer in 2012. He was a giant Patrick Swayze family would watch like Red Dawn and like next of kin and Roadhouse was our favorite and laughs hysterically go out. Is awful we love oh good. I love that movie too. But it's the most ridiculous movie I've ever had in my life. Yes, what would help is so and what's the funniest? There's so many like Ben gazzara in Sam Elliott. Like why are you hit this one? It's a Vietnamese. Why did you buy that you had to only well, there's his boat. He needed a new I love that movie. I watch it every time it's on and yell at it. No, it's so dumb. It's so dumb, but it's So Glorious and it heavy out of all that and we're also on a tangent on a Patrick Swayze tangent, but there was the There is a documentary not long ago about Patrick Swayze the interviewed the guy who played one of his main the main villains in that who he has this huge movement and he talked about the guy was like, you know, I'm a he was like a MMA or a he was a fighter and he came down and he was like, I'm gonna do this thing and the way you psych yourself up is you don't talk to your opponent. You don't make friends of them. I wanted to hate him. I wanted him to be like and they will teach other like what I'm say literally did not speak words to each other until the first time they beat the crap out of each other. Other oh my God, man. It was all cool, which is such a man. Yeah, but then it was like, okay. So now we beat the crap out of each other and it's like do you want to keep going? Yeah, let's get going and there was this weird masculine bonding over the fact that they had beat the crap out of each other what and I was like, I'm a girl and that's weird. But okay and I don't believe you I believe you but once again going back to this book that There was weird honor. In like we need it's like what Side Story it's like we met we had the war council and we decided yeah, this is what we're doing. Now. They just shoot up your house. It's not yeah thing people are still dead. It's not super Noble. But this idea that you make yourself feel better about the Violence by having rules to it. You act like you're more Nations and you sit down and you shake on it or whatever and you know what they say things like in the book like, oh no one. Really get hurt because it's just skin. We're just punching each other. We're just like kicking each other and it's like they've got broken ribs. They've got a concussion Johnny was literally like traumatized by whatever abuse that they heaped on him like in the clearing where they beat the snot out of him. It's like no no no people can still get hurt and it's so casual once again, excellent things I loved about it, cuz I'm sure she was writing from the experience of people around her but also it in that world. They would be like, yeah, I just broke a couple ribs or well, what is it? Ellen so oh he's in jail again. Oh, okay. Yeah. There's a I loved I love Jersey Boys. Do not love the movie that I love. I love Frankie Valli and all that music and I love them the originally saw the original cast and mm. Oh, that's so cool. If 2006 my sister I went and the movie I think focused so much on like the mob part of it and not enough on the music. Yeah musical but there's a Part that's from the show that talks about how literally half of them were in the jail or in jail all the time. And it's like one day I would be getting out of jail won't be I get hey how you doing? And they weren't exactly the acid in the corridor and the quarter and these are they were these hoodlums who happens to also be immensely talented. Yeah and very smart. I know and I thought that was really great because I look at like The Outsiders and I go You know, what could these kids have been if they weren't born in the situation? You know that that Dairy was super smart and a football star and he could have challenged, you know, and maybe he would have busted his knee and come back and then beating people up if his parents hadn't died but maybe not and the way they describe soda pop as like having just that charm. We're like, you know at a certain age that charm gets you farther than Anything else in this country? So you're just like what could he have done if he was allowed to like utilize it and to be a kid and to not think about these things what the I just I think that you know in the beginning of the book. Ponyboy is certainly does not have appreciation of what it is that Dairy is dealing with because here I see him as his ogre who doesn't show me affection is always part of them because he doesn't get it until he almost dies what it is. Yeah, it's really happening and as an adult I'm reading it and I immediately loved Dairy again, you know, I mean, right I think if I had read it I Dairy kind of my favorite character was Johnny probably when I was a kid. It probably because I had a massive crush on Ralph Macchio, right? And he's the sensitive one and one who wants to know about things. They need he leaves a dying letter saying, you know, it was right to side of the save. Those kids will get a son. Yeah. I mean, you're like look at historical Ponyboy, which is the only thing I knew from this whole entire thing Eagle, you know, all that stuff. So you're watching reading it at as a kid and going. Oh, well, absolutely. These are the people but then I'm watching. At 48 I'm reading it and going well clearly Dairy except for the fact that he's in the involving and engaging in gang fights and stuff miners yet with minors and going. Well, you know, if I had I only let you be in the rumble because I didn't know you had a concussion. Yeah, if I'd known you had a concussion. I would not have let you be in the dangerous fight. Yeah in the concussion that you got from an age when the state is threatening to take you away from me. Where are these good parenting choices? No should know I'm Gonna Be That Girl and say this should they have probably taken them away from them? Yes. Yes, absolutely. And I feel horrible and everyone's gonna hear this and go how dare you but if you're an adult who read this when I did, you know, No better you know that. Yeah, don't do great and where they probably going to go and sin no more. Yes, because now they understood the power of love and staying gold and all that stuff sure, but as an adult, I'm reading it going. what social work there's this state where answer here and it's the once again, if you're a 15 year old were awaiting this of course, you're going to write it that way you wouldn't exactly exactly I'm away from so I get that but hey guys, sorry to interrupt but I wanted to bring you a really quick note from a sponsor Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline. They are and you can easily share what you're listening to with all your friends on Instagram, which is really cool. You can always see new FBO L episodes in my Instagram store is too if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for FBO L on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of fuccbois of lit. Okay back to the show. And I love there's there's only one parental figure that I can really remember and to me. This was my favorite character because I don't I'm very similar. I hate to admit it. But like I love to bit. He's hilarious and his mom is around. Yes, but she's just kind of like isn't this hilarious and what no Mom, it is not know and yet and they and of course you like to that's Mama's you're that kid because she's a mom and yeah, honey, and yeah - You do a lot. No, does she understand that and that they the ease at which they stole things just because they could mmm-hmm. Once again reading this as a black person going. That's not cute. Yeah, it's not. Yeah because nope it's not funny. I would have if I was in oh my God an Oklahoman eyes is he five they would have arrested me coming into the store while the white kids were taking things out of the store. So but then again, I did not have taken. Knives and they weaponize like and that just because I could no and but then again she writes this with a wisdom that she knows right. It's just the way that they were, you know, yeah saying it that cute. She's like, you know, they need to feel that stuff. They just did it. Yeah, they were it reminded me so much. My dad was born in 52 and he's an Italian. He was an Italian guy from Brooklyn. Oh well, and he used to tell me stories about just the stupid show. Shit, he went through when he was a kid and you know, it's like the late 1960s in Brooklyn and he would like throw rocks over the overpass onto the BQE and you're just like no dad. You were killing people. Like what on God's green earth made you think you'd get away with that and he was just kind of like I just did they didn't know no dad. No, this is not a funny story. This is a terrifying story. My dad would tell me stories about stuff. They would do like my life. At husband would be like on then we went we broke up a party. It's like put y it Mike Scott said to me when he goes to the fact that we any of us live past 22 was really shocking because just go they'd be drunken driving and they'd be crashing parties and taking people's beer because they watch yeah Animal House too many times and not that I watch those movies, you know, and go all of these people are horrible. Hmm, like why would you do that? John Belushi? That's horrible. And I am coming. Why would you do this? I'm not cool. I am not I probably never was just I was never cool. Yes, but that's and of course, it's an Indigo Girls line. But I never would I have definitely a guy definitely before he passed away remember calling up my dad and being like Dad. I don't know how you actually do Coke and he was just like so because I remember how he raised me to where it was. Like I had to be home by midnight and if I was late by a minute, I was never happy getting in my car again like and you know, he'd be like anything that happens after midnight is something you don't need to be a part of and I'm like you used to All things and punch people for fun or so, what is the generational difference between like this being life? And this being horrible horrible? Well, you know you have kids now who I don't let my kids play outside without me. Yeah, I'd go with ya to everything. I don't let him on my side when he's older. I might but I doubt it or even for someone's parent is there but the fact that when I grew up in the 80s where go outside everybody just go outside. Yeah, it's just leave leave don't be in the house doesn't house and we were my sister and I had a specific we were so not The Outsiders we thought we wanted to be kind of cool, but we were not we were supposed to be between a house that was probably six or seven houses down from us and then to the point where the street went down the hill my mother could see and we could if we wanted by to go down the hill go around the roundabout and come back, but we were basically being timed but we were out she was he wants Watching us. She was like washing dishes or like watching. Yeah or track or you know doing some yeah, but if she looked up she wanted to be able to see or she could yell at someone and say you see it on girls never go. Oh the twins because we were just the twins are the twins are down there. Whatever and yeah, we had a neighborhood lady who would nark on us and go bring her go. You're not supposed to be down here and who the truth, but now I understand that Miss Ruth was a rock star because she didn't want us to get kidnapped or killed or something. Yeah. She doesn't want anything to happen to you. She was like and she didn't call my mom. She would just say girls. Have you supposed to be down here and we're gonna yeah, no fine. The guilt was enough turning around on my which is wild though because like I you know, I grew up in a time where I was like my we had a yard. So like we could we had lived in Connecticut in the country. So it was like, we had a pretty big yard to play in but now in La I feel like more people are going back to that sort of Feral parenting where it was just kind of like go on and do whatever you want and I'm watching and I'm like first of all we live in Los Angeles. There is a lot of stuff that can happen to your kid in Los Angeles. And then also like I know people whose kids were like doing heavy drugs and stuff like that in high school and I was like guys here no, you have to give kids parameters and guidance or else they just kind of don't become fully functioning adult. I watch entirely too much invested. Station Discovery to I do I fell asleep last night watching Dateline and had a dream that all the Dateline most were at my newspaper and I was pissed because nobody told me but then for some reason tan France from queer I was there too and we have that's awesome. Oh it we had a long conversation about hair and I looked up and like all of the Josh man covid some stuff. We're all leaving. I was like, no I didn't get to say anything to them. I love them know and it was my fault for No to think Aunt Frances here. It's so dull. I don't know what that dream was about, but I watch entirely too much like and then the wife murdered him shows to a yeah my child just like wander around we have a nice backyard and it's got a fence and he's allowed to God the other I mean, it just reminds me of how I used to work out of one of my old bosses house and so like his son-in-law and his granddaughter would come over all the time and this and there's a very wealthy man. He was a wine critic lived in like one of the wealthiest parts of Allah and it was just like a nightmare and so this girl would come and she was five when I knew her and she would start climbing the floor-to-ceiling built-in bookshelves in this office where I worked and her dad was sitting right there and he said to me without a hint of irony. Oh, we raised her in the parenting method of we never tell her no, oh Lord. And I thought to myself that means you're going to have a dead kid. Like what is the matter with you? That is your job as a parent to say no that is born out of a weird every parent I've ever met who's done that has been someone who thought that their upbringing was to authoritative. So they're going to do the complete opposite. And so what they do is they want their kids to like them and they want their kids to be be cool with them and they don't want to disappoint anyone including their kids who they see as little version of themselves. So with they set up this false things like your kid is an adult which they are not Shino dumb and I adore you. I love my child, but he would sit in his room and watch their these guys called the dobre brothers who have a YouTube channel who are basically the the children of like Romanian acrobats and they do a lot of Backflip, but also they do dumb experiments and they hang out with their girlfriends and they do dumb crap and I know he's watching I have to go in and take the computer from him because he called everybody bro and stuff bro. Stop it, you know and so if he would sit there for six hours if you didn't stop him and why all this stuff and watch these people who were paying paying billions of dollars to do this stuff. Do these things kids? Will they will jump off of a thing? NG my sister and I when we were little with watch Donny and Marie and would climb up on our ancient dresser and play Donny and Marie and I'm on the thing and saying a little bit country a little bit rock and roll on top of the book because we were done we didn't think we could die. We didn't think we could fall off and hit her head and break something. We were just playing that I was always Donnie I'll take you and I hate you and I think I got the good one and that one but we would do this stuff and because I know so the idea. You think that it's a favor to your kids to raise them with No Boundaries or to read them. Also it me that you don't like anyone else because if your child not only is your child going to be a bad person because when someone does tell them, yeah, they don't they won't know how to react in society. They're going to get fired all the time. They're going to get it's true ostracized people because they don't not only do they not understand know they might be aggressive and hurt someone they might yeah steal things. Also, they will always believe if you've never been told no, you will never learn anything. If you've never been told if you've never been disappointed if you always been told me to always write in the best be I couldn't help my nieces and nephews I had needs to never used to call me Aunt no because I would go no just reflexively whatever it is. No, there we go it what is it? Okay, that's fine. but I started like you know it's one of those things to where it's like there's this huge narrative now amongst like art and books and stuff like that that if someone goes like this isn't good it people argue can't say that they tried really hard and I'm like if you've never been told that your best effort still wasn't good you should probably not go into the Arts so once again I've heard of it is falling on your face and a lot of life is fail a lot of love is failing I interviewed years ago and when American Idol was still on Fox and still big a guy who ran a Broadway intensive for kids he had been on Broadway and you down here in Florida and I said what how has teaching younger kids changed in The Narrative of the voice and American Idol and he yeah he thought about it before he was going to say something that would stop people from giving him money and said what he said listen he said Oh you mean this Now many more people believe that they're entitled to stardom by way of having a birth certificate. Hmm and I went yeah. Yeah. Yeah because I showed up make me famous. I'm here. Yep. And so there are people you want you I never liked the mean auditions on American Idol. Yeah. No, that's terrible. And most of it was like people who were not like Who had a lot of it was people who were like special needs and they just didn't know and it was just off in awful. What I always liked were the ones that have been told they were awesome all their lives and got told. No because that's the real me. Yeah, that's the lesson the ones who had perfectly nice voices, but it wasn't for them and they would say I see you have a nice voice but you need to do some lessons because you're you don't understand pitch or Keen. Yeah. I understand what you're saying is are what those words mean and those the ones freak out those are ones I go okay great and you don't get it yeah because no one's ever told them no and I tell my kids know when it's appropriate maybe more than I should he gets everything he's got like yeah he's is rooms like he could sell what's in his room and then get more stuff he's fine but I don't want him to think that the world owes him anything physically he's a hates to be real is a little black kid No One's Gonna have that but me I'm going to be hard you know and I'm doing him a disservice by telling him that everyone's going to love him he said they want because everybody loves me I go first of all I don't even like you right now so Mommy will always love you at this moment likened that's not a thing not so much much but dude come on sorry I think that once again if you go back to the book everything goes back to this book that needs some kids who didn't have anyone to tell them no Yeah, so they did the best they could and then yeah Dairy. No not a great parent. If you look at it from hate child from a modern parenting are spared even child safety net jobs, at least not at all. But he did the best he could and he wanted to keep them together because he knew for him since that if those kids went in the system, they were becoming they were going to become humble. Yeah and everything and he just got yeah, and he was really grappling with the fact that he was always told that he was the good one of the racers and he could go far and then it was yanked away from it away from him. So he's watching these kids and yeah, it's either he's being raised in the best that he can't he can't be there all the time. So he's working two jobs at 20 but also he knows that if those kids go in the system, they're going to come out hard they're going to come out like like dally but instead Dowling and he's trying very hard not to do that. So he's parenting in this situation situation, which a was created in a fictional book of be is pretty on point with a well a lot of people have to do You know kids who ya are 16 and are trying to keep their siblings together in foster care at least in the same place. You know, these are very real things and I was how prescient it was for heard one can write this book from where she was he had that moment and not and just she just wrote what was around her and it was not to say that she wasn't like autobiographical but she wrote as a boy, you know, and all the ends it not happened to her but to write from the Sensibility of this kid but to also understand at 16 what a dairy was going through or that my understand like the character who the adult that meets them after that's talking a code Jerry. Yeah after the fire and everything and that he's watching him smoke and plenty of what happened. What what? Yeah, I don't get it. But he also says the most interesting thing to me which which is so still accurate, which is that he says to them like, oh, you know, he's not sure yet if Johnny's going to die, but he says like because you have the story of being heroes, everyone will go easier on you and that sort of perspective is still so accurate when you think about how people when we talk about like, you know immigration or an especially like not white people in America when you say like they always tell the stories of like, oh, well this person, you know, this immigrant came here and worked hard and they always have to be one of the like the good ones one of the heroes and see that that narrative still exist with With the the whether or not you're going to be allowed to continue is just so glaring even though this book is so old and does not grapple with the whiteness of all the characters and the privilege of all the characters and the fact that I'm sure they've you'd spoken to her the book. She wouldn't have felt she had any privilege because the fifteen-year-old going through something and those characters certainly don't think they're going through they have any privilege. But yeah the fact that they're able to stay together where anybody else it would not have been able to it once again if this yeah written at the same time, but moved to Brooklyn in these were Latino characters or black characters. Yeah, probably not gonna be able to stay with their families or not, you know seven it's so interesting was like I keep going keep going back to his reading it was grappling with that that it was written from a very specific personal place from where and I don't even talk so with the history that Tulsa has and it's just it's heavy it's what you know so interesting to read 50 60 years later and you could do you think that those characters knew anything about Black Wall Street of course they didn't you know of course they didn't they didn't know because they were never told about it and they're literally black people a work they burn them out and killed them and they went yeah exactly it's also just the hubris of you of thinking that you are our problems are the worst problems that have ever existed no matter what youth you are you always think that what you're living through is the worst that anybody has ever experienced you know once again very 80s reference someone posted very recently a clip from The Cosby Show of the Vanessa character who once again was a rich girl whose parents yeah Special Super Rich living in Brooklyn and she and her friends aside to like drive without telling the fancy why but where they're going and they're driving to see the Concert in Baltimore and they actually the carpet down and start get stolen when they're on a Turnpike in Delaware and they stop for donuts. And so rather than just say, okay. This is The Universe telling us we should give this up and go back home. They take a bus pass to Baltimore to come back out. So the parents then I'm trying to clear of course is freaking out of her because he's yelling at her because at that moment with the privilege, would you think you're 16 years old and you know everything you're smarter than your parents and the fact that you're not thinking about the Are worrying about you? You're not thinking about that also, my mother number watch and little areas that the if your friends are also 16 the car is and probably in someone else's name there's a police report so even in 1987 before the internet someone called somebody's parents and said did you know it was your car stolen on the internet you know whatever so or recovered or whatever so the effect you're so dumb that you're not think it even that girl in that fictional moment thinks my parents are mean to me cuz they won't let me go the worst thing in the world that can happen as a rich girl in Brooklyn 1987 is that no one will let me go get grounded my parents will yell at me my parents would yell at me and I have to do this and break out of the house because they won't let me go to the show and how unfair it is and then you know pony boy is an orphan whose being raped or gang violence and 1960s and literally every time he goes to the movies by himself he's in danger of being beaten to death you know yeah by people who hate him and he thinks his life is really bad and the Bob's and the Cherry things that no one understands them and they got to go around and meet people up well Bob and Randy isn't that so everybody thinks their life is really bad and they're not thinking what you're right because when you're that age I mean when I was 15 I understood that my life I we lived over steam oh yeah I had to but I still had moments in my right early 15 year old soul in my pink room with the Duran Duran posters yeah and the new edition posters I still would think think no one wants to go out with me my I could not understand why my parents didn't let me go to Woodstock. Mm. I was 14 like I couldn't understand why they wouldn't let me go and it was like because they were human beings with heads on their shoulders and you were a child. Oh, I wrote when I was growing up in Baltimore. I wanted to go see Bryan Adams at the Cavill Center, but someone had gotten shot at the Capitol Center. So my parents would let me go. did let us go see Paul Young and Nik Kershaw once again very 80s things in a different place in my uncle took us and it was a really great pair like that but I was just embarrassing you know but I was like I was like darn whoever got literally I was mad as a selfish fifteen-year-old that someone 14 year old that someone had ruined my chance to pronounce the Cap Center because why would you because they had to because someone else got shot I was like how dare you I normally don't connect a lot with why a but for some reason reliving my teenage years through the lens of a society I was in no way a part of I was not rural I was not a greaser I was um upper middle class white kid from Connecticut but Lee reliving teenage heard through The Outsiders was just Charming Nick rate integrate and big once again reading it again an example was so much part of my life as a kid and then read not having read it for years and reading it again as an adult and as a parent I'm like it's still really good it's I really expected to hate it not to hate it I expect it to be a lot more critical of the lens through which it saw the world and I really couldn't same here and I really couldn't be I it holds up so well really does I am so excited to that we talked about this book I cannot thank you enough it was absolutely wonderful Leslie how can all of our listeners keep in contact with you and your work well but I want you to ask Leslie Grace tutor.com is mum website and it has links to stuff I've written both just around also for the pumpkin most which is where I am a pop culture whatever everything and I have a book coming out on March 10th called Black Widow which is a memoir about being black and a widow it's there in the time I think you'll enjoy it it's a laugh cry it's not crying as you're laughing kind of a thing I'm going to preorder it right now you can follow Leslie gray Streeter on Twitter at Leslie Streeter that's Ellie slie stre ET ER she is amazing and always you can follow fuckboys of literature at fuckboys of lit that's Bo is on Twitter and Instagram at that handle many thanks to our patrons especially Courtney Landis and Susan Smith web who found us on patreon.com slash fuckboys of lit your support through patreon or listening to each and every show helps keep the lights on and the books read you are an amazing audience and thank you again for listening I'm Emily Edwards and have a good one I'm the old Auntie going now