Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes. We are now in the freshly decorated refurbished Churchill room at the Toby Norris. So a big thank you to rocks and Timur Toby and need pubs for hosting us and being on new home and we now have a beer while we're recording. So there's a good thing or a bad thing. Let's move on down days. I have a last series mean I've had yeah the busiest two weeks. I've had new car like semi new house like just so got stuff going on and were busy everything's busy. So it's just like my God. What am I doing? That's my main thing that happened is literally dying. If you see a smart car with loads of smoke coming out the back of it driving through town poisoning people. That's me really shouldn't have mentioned that you know, so I'm a bit preoccupied you will see it now and you're like, oh that's her as you travel along. Yeah. Everyone hates me something I did do in the last two weeks was actually discussed the art center and 1970 and we see them for Incredible incredible I'll get them definitely recommend it and I'll send the great just being on you. He goes that was really good. So how you guys apart from all come and talk about which I imagine is consumed all of your time. Yeah, lots of planning the last two weeks for our upcoming Venture a few sleepless nights caused by that I think all of us, really But now the restaurant is is keeping busy, you know Saturday nights. I'll be Tori. Really really busy. It's amazing. You know, it's really heartbreaking to like turn people away at the doors on a Saturday night during service if they haven't booked so I advice really is to be got a Berkshire Leah Saturday night. I mean, I guess people just try another country. We tend to leave a sushi bar open for bookings. Mmm. And that's good specifically request to sit there often if people are calling for table. They don't so much want to sit on the sushi bar, but people who kind of Phoenix On a Saturday if we've got a space at sushi bar, they love that they'll jump straight on there, you know and getting which is amazing and its absence from sushi bars. Incredible. Yeah, Chapel the chefs. Yeah, but you know this Saturday I was I was helping out during service with a new member of Staff in the trial shifts. So I was working away with them and yeah Tony makeup at the door, it's like well no let you down. Cool. So have you on small businesses which I'm Road upfront don't have you guys heard about what Joe? Lycett has been up to this week. I think this is so petty. It's amazing. Well, I've heard that Joe lycett he kind of has that program doesn't he where he calls out big corporations the are deemed to be bullying or I think he likes people especially Bigger businesses or biggest celebrities he does a bit in his act about people would put quotes on Instagram with a nice ocean background that actually make no sense likes doing that and then acting them in it. So Kim Kardashian Cheryl Cole those that may do it. So just like why not people but yeah, so here's changed his name by deed poll to Hugo Boss because Hugo Boss have wrote to a number of businesses small businesses with boss in their name to say that they will sue them unless they change their name. So from now on. Going to be introduced or an 8 out of 10 cats and all of that is Hugo Boss and a taken. Seriously. I think there's something else he's done today as well. There's a business he set up so they'll be more to come on. I just remember what I did do the right not to like link up. I went it's not related to number back to me for a sec. But I did I went to Norfolk and I took my dog to the beach for the first time. It was the most hilarious thing I've ever seen given that her legs are. Only a few inches long just went absolutely mental. It's completely caked in sand had sand like all our eyes up a nose and a mouth every worker. She just chases balls relentlessly. She was trying to wipe the sand off with her poor, but then just wiping more sand on it. So she just eating sand. I'm swear. It just went right through her system as well without giving you did. I think Beach amazing. That's go now before it becomes warm and then there are like a billion tourists but really really beautiful Wells and brancaster all that. She's a shitzu cross wit tell you the actual name on there. It's one of those strange combos, but she's she's crossed with the cotton ditullio which sounds very balanced and doesn't actually has more fun sir. They're quite rare, but basically sort of a fluffy little shit. So we type dog, but completely mental and we just got to the beach. It's just ran round in circles for about 15 minutes just going completely nuts. So yeah, that was memorable even though I just remembered it. Yeah, exactly. So you got any way. Hoppy Dori open in August. Yeah, how has it been going? I guess actually first yourselves. People hopefully we know that hobby Dory, but won't necessarily know about the people behind it. So what are your roles daily basis monthly basis? Thank you. So I'm Sophie. I'm the operations director. I came on board in the business in November. We've been open a few months. I think I missed some of the excitement at the beginning but you know, I'm really Glad to be on board now. And yeah, we've taken it down and slightly different kind of Route Holly. Yeah, I was there from the start. I came on board as a sushi chef. So I was training all the new chefs on Sushi. I spent a long time in Asia. So that's kind of my background doing Creative Photography food styling and menu development. And yeah with Hoppy Dori I kind of I was doing associate at the beginning but then I've kind of come on board as creative director now looking after all of the creative the marketing social as well as all of the kitchen stuff. So I do all the money development and training all the chefs and do events and all of their food and creative kind of stuff. So we've known each other since school so we go way back but yeah, Holly looks after the kitchen side and I'm more overseeing the front of house side. Yeah y'all. Good oils will help you doing means. Yeah, so that's a good question. This is fun. Yes. It's a slight downward but it doesn't directly translate that story with one are so deep. Oh, uh, I in Japanese is street. So there's many different stories, you know in every city there be a god everyone burrito to Tokyo is quite a well-known kind of street food destination for the locals. So it's kind of hidden hidden off the tourist track. But hoppy Dori is kind of food destination. Obviously, we've kind of change it slightly put the two peas in the two hours. So it's slightly more. Nice to look at that. Yeah, no one asks ever. I think you're the first what? Yeah when I said that was good question. I was seriously. So what was the inspiration behind the restaurant? A little bit in terms of your travels. Yeah. Well, I mean the menu now I spent a lot of time in Vietnam Malaysia Singapore Cambodia, and I just kind of think about things that I really enjoyed over in Asia and that I know that people will enjoy here. Obviously, we've got the sushi bar as well. So that's very popular in England now, but yeah, I just want to introduce new flavors to people but so it's still kind of recognizable. So they I know that they'll like it. Sometimes I would try and like the specials or like lunch for Less. I'll push push the boat out bit and put something a bit unrecognizable but you know our staff are so good. They'll describe the dishes to everyone and you know people love it don't know it's exciting for people to try things or even recognize things from their travels to come into, you know, our restaurant in Stanford and be like, yeah, I've heard of that. I'd like to try that and can you do find it's easy to get all the ingredients because Asian food is quite yeah. Yeah easy, I suppose isn't it? So, I mean, I do have to adapt some of the memories sources. Well, we work with Asian supplier that we get more of their like unusual things from but all of our sources are completely homemade summer able to just develop them and if we can't get something we can use something local and dragon. Yeah. Is there anything you can't get that you wish you could go. No, you got to have it. You can just sort of it's because it's Fusion, isn't it? As far as you can? Yeah, you know mix things up a bit you'll see how you twist things around and you can think on the spot and you know, you're so tired it at doing that and I was you've had so much experience with that type of Cuisine you'll well, I think when I was in so first of all, I lived in Singapore, but when I was like living in Vietnam at first like I couldn't speak Vietnamese, so I'd go to the market and I'd have to adapt. English recipes I really wanted into what was available there. So I'd like go to the market and I'd learn about what was available and I'd make my spaghetti bolognese with like local ingredients, you know, maybe he is Creating a menu and then executing. I guess I understand after the kitchen. Yeah, you know the team we've got they're really great and they're really Keen to learn new things all the time. So, you know, I can we're at the stage now where I can give them a recipe and I can say can you try this? I'll come back later. I can trust them to try it and taste it themselves and develop it and you know, sometimes they'll say that bit didn't work. We tried this house that and then I'll go in and I'll taste it and I'll be like amazing or I'll be like add some more line, you know like There's been times where some things like so spicy which I'm used to in Asia and I'm like the people at Stanford are not going to be able to I can't just say yeah three kilos of Wasabi on it. I'm all over it. Yeah. I carry chili flakes in my handbag with me taste food. Like can we have some chili sauce and then we'll give them like So actor or something and they're like no we got chili sauce. Like give him his me like homemade sample, which is like a Malaysian Indonesian kind of like chili sauce. And that's really spicy. So I kind of I love it. I love it. So how many people have you got? I just hope he'd already team overall but in the kitchen the kitchen so I've got two guys on Sushi. They're wonderful if you get the chance to sit at the sushi bar. They'll definitely look after you. Yeah, that really talk to if they love talking to everyone and sometimes I'm honestly super at the weekend just to like fill the space or whatever and I love talking to everyone as well. And then in the kitchen, we've got three or three or four in the kitchen as well. And I mean, I'm quite often in the kitchen on a Saturday night just running the past and playing the food and stuff. But yeah, we've got a solid team there and you know this week when we've been busy preparing for the opening of nikai, which is our bar. It's opening up stairs. I've not been in the kitchen because I've been developing with what a bar menu for upstairs and stuff like that. So it was that going to be totally a different menu different thing tell us about absurd so it's so it's it's a bar but we do I'll talk what about kitchen or let's say for talk about the bar in the vibe and everything. But yeah, we've got we've got a small Sushi menu. So people can still have some sushi with a drink after work, whatever and then I've got a small bar menu, which is kind of like Japanese Fusion kind of themed like bites kind of thing and that will be available in the was good. Really good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so it's so obviously it's got the same atmosphere as what you'd expect if you know a lot of happy Dory. So definitely we've taken the essence of hobby glory and moved it upstairs to got such a beautiful space up there now, and we've really it's really luxurious. This kind of feel and I call it says we can grab a drink after work some Japanese dumplings and yes just such a nice base. Now. We've got beautiful outside space as well as become answering some other two areas. You're going to love it. You'll be able to need answers. Yeah, so I mean obviously it's a new project for us, but we are starting with Thursday, Friday and Saturday evenings. Until like so yeah will be proper operation as a bar. So we kind of sit down but this is open like this is the big news. Right? And this is so opening this Friday. Yeah. Yeah, I did the sick smart. Yeah fret of the 6th of March will be open to the public from 5:30. So yeah, come on dancer Mmm Yeah, and I'm glad you said it first so I was not sure how to pronounce it means in Japanese means upstairs. I hope what you see. Some people won't be listening that haven't been how would you describe? Hoppy Dory as a restaurant environment for those that know nothing a listen to this the first time heard of or the German Pastor few times with anybody what it is. Okay. So what? Supposed to post office. Absolutely. No, thanks, whether I'll press I was For me, it's really the whole experience. So from the moment you walk in the door the deck or the music the lighting it's yeah kind of fusion Asian influences, but then you see the bare stone brick wall, which is quite clearly Stanford. So it's a really nice. Pairing of kind of local, you know, we have some local jeans and we have some Japanese Jin's for example, so it's really nice kind of getting the Best of Both Worlds. But yeah, the menus at certainly Now is really it's Perrin Asia as well as yes, you've got Sushi and then you've got more Singaporean or tie or whatever. It's everything. I kind of try to design the menu like in Asia. We're very used to eating like a lot of dishes at once. So you'll have your All of rice, then you have fetch meet, you know, whatever soup on the side. So I tried to design it so that if you weren't sure what to order if you ordered a few things it will work. Yeah, that's what I love about it. Yeah, I can't stand you something one thing look at the other person if you know one thing sharing it's great for groups of friends. It's also good for couples, you know, you can't really go wrong with if you order something. It's going to go with something else. It's quite yeah. Benefit to the feel and the self. It doesn't just become my I can give it as a kind of setup is when you're in that it doesn't feel like you're in Stanford and even we sat by the window a few weeks ago and like we're looking at the wine bar opposite. There's kind of a bit surreal that that was there. It didn't feel it kind of then look the other way. Yeah, and I lose where you are a little bit. That's really cool. That's cool. I mean the other day, I think it was on Chinese New Year. We can't so end of Right. I was in the kitchen. I was busy serving on the past, you know busy night and I kind of finished up and you know, they were on desserts whatever and I went and got changed and came out to the front of the restaurant. And so if you said Joanna drink and I was like, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah sure said what take a seat. I'll join you in a minute. So I kind of sat down in the front of the restaurant where I guess you sat there. I've been saying cable and I never have sat there before ever and it must have been 10 o'clock or something people. All that kind of winding up the evening or and finishing with drinks and I think it's so important to kind of just stop and realize like where you are. What's happening around you it was it was so surreal for me. Like I say like, I was in Stamford. I was looking at the beautiful church and the wine bar drop set and people out and about and you know, hoppy Dori was kind of happening around me and it was like Wow because I've been serving all these people night and then the next thing I knew I was at the front of the restaurant. It was really cool. I think it's also just it's completely Printer anywhere else in Stamford so that alone makes it unique and interesting and you should really go but yeah, the decals really go like out here when the depths of my kitchen door. Yeah, and the boots are not sitting down there because you really are you ready away from Stanford? But yeah, you could feel like you're somewhere totally different and then yeah you just outside and you can go upstairs the loser really kind of my daughter wherever we go has to go to the nurse. So you've got massive seal of approval. She just came down the stairs a very Instagram. Open the door to go up. Yes, there's so much good stuff about taking the yeah. I always think that well actually say they're the new entrance to Nicolai is going to be the alleyway on the left hand side of the restaurant. So you wouldn't have noticed it before before probably because it's just kind of our would usually be our deliveries. Yeah, right deliveries from the Side Access, but we've kind of renovated that whole site alley now, so you'll walk down there and then you'll come in through the bottom of those red stairs. So that's the entrance to me kind of doesn't On the front there's an early road. Yeah, just to let us know if you're looking at between okay between the post office and you guys yeah, and then there's so before I did not know there was an Alleyway there you would never have a separate entrance of some really I mean, it's so lucky that we can we can do that because obviously I made priority really is still a restaurant diners. We don't want any lunch on their space and on their Yeah, it's nice that we can take them up. You can keep it going to separate with that lately be able to be in the restaurant downstairs and then head upstairs if you're done with dinner and get a drink before or after love that and you become half an hour earlier than grab a cocktail upstairs and then make their way down stairs. They're booking. Yeah, how long will the ball be able with the opening? I was buiit be open later than the restaurant. Yeah rating and Food Service. Yeah, Thursday's with I mean obviously is working progress. We'll see how it goes. But Thursday's we've gone for 5:30 to 11 p.m. And then Friday until midnight and then we're actually going to open a bit earlier on the Saturday will be open before Ash for till midnight because I mean we had we'd literally done all our signage in our opening hours for 5:30. And then we went for a drink Tammy at the Cozy Club. Yeah on Saturday afternoon at like 3:30 was packed current the bar wasn't as well and say the four different parts. We went in with just completely. Yeah, we'll see what the business in hand if you got cocktail menu. Yeah. Yes, we've got it's very nice to make some and it is definitely concise and neat and tidy. It's not if you want to try a hundred fifty different gyms and stuff going going to one of the Pub's. Yeah. So we've picked the best three regions that we love and that kind of have own keeping with our Asian flavor goes. So yeah just Best kind of range of spirits that we could find some really amazing sir, Kay's which we have available in the restaurant as well bottled lager and some very nice bottle details as well. And then we've got Channel you'll probably recognize hang logger and something he used to visit. Sharing because he was busy so mr. Chang's coming Focus beautiful wines as well. We work really closely with baton bottle in a schwa and I come yeah and they're sweetheart. Like there's such with really been a partner to us. They've really kind of helped us develop it and have grown the wine list with us since we first opened and offered us lots of advice and we've just added so with the bar opening we for all add a couple of wines and And yeah, we met with Ben from Baton bottle last week and the wines we've got on now. I just know this world that is so good for terrorists. It's really big actually having them for Stamford is going to be like so there are very few places that have nice outdoor areas. Really? Yeah, you often feel like I'm just in a car park. Yeah with some umbrellas and chairs and you know, it's not really a slight divided between that and the actual car park or just no space at all. Getting it is little outdoor spaces Comfort them and I think about where I'm gonna go when the sun comes out as actually go and it is actually not that my pleasure. So when I started whining all afternoon today just you know ending rain ending up the lights. No, it was boring afraid of like this is lovely and you'll get the variables on this ride. I day and then we'll be open. There's a fresh as I salute. You just say, right? Okay, cool. So we've the restaurant that will remain remain a key part. Do you have any plans for special nights or yeah. So on the 19th of March, we've got a event with burly's gin and we've got the cherry blossom in Vietnam Vietnam. Japan and their Cherry Blossom Festival, so we've got a gin pairing and food event and the 19th. So that's a ticketed event. So that's 35 pounds per ticket and you get three burly's gin cocktails and canapes from hoppy Dori. I'm doing sushi and dumplings and lots of different kind of fusion things. So they'll be really fun and we've worked with bellies before so we're looking forward to that. Does that It's open to anyone. They just go tell me to the restaurant book so you can get your tickets at barelli's Jin website. So we're looking forward to that. That will be a good night. Yeah, we shared our links to that on David or Instagram. Yeah, you click on the link to Buddies. Yeah website you can go on there. Yeah, and then yeah, we've got lots of things client kind of for the rest of the year and summer and staff and you know, we're always open to like collaborating with local companies and you know, seeing who's out there. That wants to you know, join forces kind of thing and see you know, we've got the space and we've got the terrorists as well. So I think there's lots to come from hunky-dory knee thigh. Now. We're really open to that and I don't lie every love. I mean we were approached by ballast in to do this event. So, you know, that's that's it's great to be approached by then. We spoke about last time Shop Stamford any business. Yeah, especially a big business that wants to collaborate with you or want to put your name to that stuff. It's the biggest element you can take the amount of trust that they are putting in use collaborate ultimately but work with them and support what they do is make my very best to work with local companies and you know, it's always easy to like order on Amazon or whatever and you can get next day delivery, but I always put time into like looking into local companies and seeing who's out there and reaching out to people and saying, you know, we're here, you know so each Guest appearance in the same three questions so far. You've got something leave out looking like just so you went to Norfolk for the weekend. Absolutely is what I mean. I always started working in Stanford when I was just 13. So I've always kind of been there by and worked in Stamford. And yeah, absolutely love it and despite kind of our travels and moving away for various jobs and traveling about I feel like there's always this pull back to Stanford. So yeah, you know, my granddaughter's and Stanford now, which is lovely so it must make the brush comes off Billy little bit more special. I guess the fact it is in home and we've spoken About putting Roots there and investing your future in a town that you care about being so much more in your putting something back into it as much as yeah Community. I mean before one of my previous jobs, I worked at birdie house or a better house for 7 years. So that was really like a family and you know a community community there, but actually just that difference just traveling and working in town. It's different. You know, it's really exciting actually just to be in town and see, you know different people. People and it's great. But I guess the same with you travels as well as oh, yeah, I mean for me when I come back to when I would come back to Stanford for Christmas or holiday. Whatever over these nine years I'd be like, wow, it's so beautiful like I'd find myself just walking down the High Street and looking up and being like, wow, look at that roof, you know, look at that door looking look at this and that, you know Molly from with your Instagrams already freaking out. Absolutely amazing. And that's a feel counter isil are in Stamford that I've followed from when I was overseas. So I just be like Oh, I'm from this town. It called Stanford and I show people in they'd be like, why did you leave when a juror if you have couple uses electrical wires hanging down it just I level it's like a disaster waiting to happen. Now. I'm happy to be back. It's so beautiful. We're so lucky to live to live here. She mentioned social media. Where can we find you? So it's at Hopi Dory and that nikai bar, which is an ik AI bar which as we said earlier means upstairs. So that's upstairs at hoppy door. If anyone doesn't know where to find our bar is absent and there's a secret and you're next to the for those people that somehow they know next to the post office. Yeah. Anti-christian, what should we know about so that could be something in Stanford somewhere that like their lunches or bar or something completely different. I've got the same one. No foot for me. We met a really cool person recently is printing be Jin so through some snot. Perfect throws another it's a brand-new he contacted us and he basically has a Gin Company. And that he doesn't Supply anywhere and Stanford the Brenton begin. They've got quite a range but then they've just brought out a japanese-inspired ones. It's got seven different Japanese Botanicals in it. And yeah, he found us and heard about us and came over to Stanford. They're based in Melton. Mowbray. So pretty pretty vocal reason. I came over from Milton to come and meet us and so we're going to stop his his gin and in our bar. So yeah, that's hmm. That was great to meet him. He's such a Character and he's coming over for the opening this weekend. Yeah, I think we're definitely going to do this and fun events with him for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. So my thing is Sophie and I are always on the hunt for a nice lunch and we've discovered this week Nelson's begets obviously like right on our doorstep as well. But you know who knew don't know which has had blue. He's and ham salad gets lovely. Well Rich tonight, but I can't be bothered to cook like my second Rising. Yeah, when we're sick of Rice and Noodles. It's like nice old Nelson spaghetti. Yeah, that is a great one hot. So that's my game changer for this week. Definitely. How close were you to saying Nelson's baguette? Was it not even in your mind? You just thinking geum I got there yet. Got time. I want everyone to know about Stamford Lodge Cafe and B&B. Yeah, because they've they've just changed their menu again. They make it really seasonal. It's quite limited. It's all homemade. You can keep it as it is or you can add halloumi or bacon. So it's basically vegan vegetarian meat or whatever really nice homemade soup. Amazing homemade cakes and stuff beautiful setting and it's just opposite the it's on the way to Scott gate from town opposite the car Parks before you cross over and the big Crossroads or whatever. It's so lovely in there and it's also been busy. If you ever have people visiting from out of town the rooms are absolutely gorgeous and they're so inviting and well kept and everything and it's just please it's just a little bit out. Help people might not be aware of it. But just I mean to go over for lunch. Yeah lunch. And that was the first time I think I didn't I thought it was a B&B but one of my mates goes that's his Friday thing. She finishes working lunch time. So on a Friday afternoon. Yeah. He's a regular in there. Yeah. Well, I think that's I think that's kind of our restriction because often we're working every lunch. So yes, there were some times where we Through and went missing but for now since begat has yeah. It's like this in somebody's front room. Isn't it? The pictures of fresh food as well? Yeah. It's really good to know and great rooms. Really nice B&B amazing breakfast. You can also go really good English breakfast there as well if that's what your fences yeah. So what is on in the next two weeks other than the bar opening and exciting? I think a lot of people will be excited for that. I think it's a something new in town. Like a lot of people just want to come and explore so I'm actually really good for you guys. They're coming for the bits over the next few weeks. So the Burly House Gardens reopening on that's on the 14th. Months a few weeks. Well, I guess two weeks off but still friends. Yeah, brother. Yeah, that'd be nice for sure. You kind of miss it after the win today new. You know. One thing I've seen going around is make us news and they are having their first event. It's basically about some crafts. I guess like fair, but the holding in Brown's hospital. So on Broad Street the big old Awesome there that's on the 13th and 14th of March which is Saturday Sunday and having a big kind of like Fair loads of different bits of what's going on. So they recently joined Instagram and at when I get them and can going so I think Browns hospital is gorgeous. If you can go and look in, you know, they do the tours in the summer but, you know having holding an event in that means you just go in and look as well and it is so gorgeous tunic so definitely recommend heading over there Phil wine. Yeah, he's on an exchange but he's a big diamond is another one that Bitcoin exchange keep dropping these big names with but they come and trial their shows don't know just see what the responses absolutely and the pigs but the more people that go and support these things. There are more people that they can attract and they can get people back together child and usually two tickets and it was Michael McIntyre was quite recent as well. And then my last one which is maybe a little way off but still importantly I think is Mother's Day. I don't have a settlement to talk about but I think there's so many local businesses and cafes the Poke now. Yeah, yeah. Many places doing sub menus or you know, all of it ever does something so it's just nice. We love until Michael special have another day according before them. Yeah of me. Is it Stanford 7 which is a run like that a no on Sundays. It starts at 9:00. It's in and around Burly in the main and green drift road that they run down three kills gate. So people are around going support if you do it. Is it seven miles. So it's really around there as well as a new home, but go to go and support them back. It is another new event in Stanford. The roads are sure some of the roads start. So some people have do it in comfortably something hours longer, but it would just be it would be the morning get some people to find a flag go get a cup of coffee some of the corny dirty just Both official and since thank you very much for joining us really appreciate all the best with your launch and if people haven't been for dinner, I've got come down and try it out. There is there is so many different things on the menu. Even if she's not your type of thing or noodles on the type of thing or absolutely veggie if you're worried about it, and I can't be here quite a lot as well. We've got loads of this custody issue. As well as it's not fish and fish. But yeah, there's there's a duck one isn't there? Yeah, and you guys say I've been so helpful in knowing the menu in terms of what just beyond that person ago scuse me. What does this mean? I talked to them. They always want to help and you know, they've it's so nice on their night my off they'll come in for dinner together. So sweet, you know, they've got their mums birthday. They'll bring their mummy and it's lovely. So, so yeah, really nice team. We've got it's all about the team dude. Perfect. Thanks very much. Thank you guys.