This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and calling for data on all forms of sexual exploitation of children in the country to be publicly available. So that children can be properly protected. The information in this podcast is based on Research published in the economist's Out of the Shadows index which looks at government responses to fighting sexual exploitation of children as well as research from expats upcoming country overview report on turkey turkey scored 56.7 out of a hundred in the index the same score as the Philippines and just below Uganda placing the country 18th out of the 60 countries assessed. Turkey has legal Frameworks that address child sexual exploitation and prostitution child rape and child trafficking and has ratified all major International conventions in the fight against child sexual exploitation much less success has been seen in addressing child marriage child marriage is both a way to and form of child sexual exploitation. For example, it may enable the sexual availability of a child. I'd sexual violence within the union or create impossible power dynamics for the child to exercise autonomy statistics from the 2018 Turkish demographic and health survey illustrating that 2% of Turkish women aged between 20 to 24 were married by 15 years old and 1.1 percent of girls aged between 15 and 19 reported. They were also married by the age of 50. Do you age of marriage in Turkey is 18 years old for both men and women however, some exceptions allow younger children to get married a school 124 of turkey civil code states that a boy or girl can marry at 17 as long as they have parental consent the same article also permits judges to allow marriages for children at age 16 in certain instances. However, these exceptions are not defined and are at the discretion of the judges. In 2016, the government introduced a bill that would have postponed the sentences of convicted child abusers. If they married their victims, the bill was later withdrawn due to widespread opposition and public pressure. However in January 2020, it was announced that a similar bill was being brought forward to the Turkish Parliament Not only would this bill legitimate as child marriage and statutory rate. It would increase the impunity of abusers and create the perception that sexually exploiting and abuse. A child can be somehow excused. The Way Forward one turkey immense its criminal legislation to set the minimum age of marriage to 18 years old for boys and girls with no exceptions two turkey withdraws any bills that would allow the pardoning of convicted abusers of underage children if they marry their victims There's the last six years turkey has been trying to keep up with the challenge of receiving and hosting millions of refugees from neighboring states. The influx of refugees means that a population now exists in turkey that are vulnerable to exploitation including children. This vulnerability is caused by the extreme poverty and instability refugees face all over Europe. However, child poverty is not limited to the refugee population the relative poverty. So he's households was as high as 22.6% 2018. Turkey has the highest number of refugees worldwide approximately 4 million refugees resided in Turkey as of November 20 19, July 2019. It was estimated that 1.4 million of turkeys refugees were under the age of 15 Refugee children in Turkey are particularly vulnerable to two manifestations of sexual exploitation early and forced marriage and exploitation and prostitution. Of turkeys four million refugees 3.6 million that's coming from Syria in rural areas of Syria. Where most refugees in Turkey are from Child early and forced marriage is prevalent and the practice appears to continue amongst the Syrian refugee population in Turkey. Due to the unimaginable circumstances that some Syrian refugees have faced for the last six years in addition to the limited economic opportunities. They face some families see no alternative than early marriage particularly for girls. Statistics from the 2018 Turkish demographic and health survey on the prevalence of child early and forced marriage among turkeys Syrian migrant population has shown that 9.2 percent of Syrian women between the ages of 20 to 24 or married by 15 13.4% of Syrian women aged between 15 and 19 were married by the age of 15. So I'm Refugee families allow their children to marry Turkish Nationals in return for payment reduction on their own financial burden such as providing food on the societies for their children. Lack of economic opportunities for those in refugee camps is also exploited by premium networks, which have been reported to pressure young Syrian women into sex work, especially prevalent among adolescent girls Way Forward one turkey improves social and legal protections of the child Refugee population residing in the country to Turkey. Increases educational opportunities for Refugee children particularly girls enabling them to gain skills and qualifications to facilitate employment reducing likelihood of being coerced in situations of sexual exploitation. There is extremely limited public data on child sexual exploitation in Turkey, which not only affects the country's response to the issue that explains turkey score of not as of a hundred the indicator on data collection in the index. There is no publicly available data at all about rates of child sexual exploitation and prostitution online child sexual exploitation or sexual exploitation of children in the context of travel and tourism on child victims of trafficking. Working the data that is available to the public does not distinguish different types of trafficking that children can face if they are being trafficked for the purposes of sexual exploitation or for other forms of exploitation such as forced labor slavery or organ removal. Since 2002 the Turkish Statistical Institute has released numbers that measure the number of children were married annually. However, it is unclear. Whether these figures also include refugees one of the most vulnerable populations the current lack of publicly available data makes it very difficult for civil society organizations as well as authorities to plan and Implement targeted prevention programs or to develop responses for the children affected turkey does not have a dedicated plan or policy to specifically tackle the sexual exploitation of children, but their response to the issue is addressed in plans. reduce violence against women and human trafficking The country is scored 50 out of a hundred the national plans and policies indicator of the index turkeys 2016 to 2020 national action plan on violence against women covers sexual violence against children. And this is a specific goal for combating child early and forced marriage. It's 2018 report on the government's response revealed that there have been some positive achievements made in providing some services such as creating District coordination committees in Geographic areas. Particularly vulnerable to child early and forced marriage in addition the preparation of a dedicated plan on child early and forced marriage 2019 to 2023 was announced expanding on the work started ready by the national action plan on violence against women. However, as of March 20 20, there is no publicly available data on implementation. The Way Forward one publish clear and articulated national action plans relating to different manifestations of child sexual abuse and exploitation to collect and publish disaggregated data on all manifestations of child sexual abuse and exploitation. An example of some of the strong responses to sexual exploitation of children is the Turkish red crescent societies information sessions with adults and children on the dangers of child early and forced marriage in total. They reached 64 thousand seven hundred and eighty eight children and 15 different provinces in Turkey between March 2017 and June 2019. The circumstances Civil Society organizations face it in Turkey have a tongues been challenging including for those focus on human rights as many of their activities are halted or curtailed many ngos face difficulties with funding and having very little capacity to conduct their activities ngos should receive more support as well as the ability to participate in decision-making processes for social programs with the government. So he scored 75 out of a hundred on the indexes indicator on Frontline support workers, which relates to the availability of professional support and guidance to support welfare workers. But only 30 out of a hundred on civil society engagement which relates to the provision of services from ngos foundations, nonprofit organizations and Community associations. The discrepancies in these scores highlight, the good practice does exist, but there are still limitations in the scope of operations Media awareness of child sexual exploitation is encouraging in Turkey. The Turkish journalists Association has provided guidelines for journalists reporting on cases involving sexual violence against children as part of its code of conduct for journalists turkey received a score of a hundred out of a hundred for media industry engagement in the index according to the latest statistics released in December 2019 and referring to 20 1870. One percent of the Turkish population is using the internet and there are 97.3 mobile phone subscriptions per a hundred people despite this other than a safer internet service plugin offered by internet service providers. There is not much evidence that shows Turkish internet companies efforts in raising awareness of the dangers of online sexual exploitation. Limitations in evidence on the part of technology companies efforts partially explain why tell he only scored 33 out of a hundred the engagement of the technology industry and the index turkey is a popular travel destination for travelers. There are around 51 million tourists arriving in Turkey in 2019, as well as 3934 travel agencies registered across the country. However, only two Turkish companies are members of the code of conduct the protection of children from sexual exploitation and travel and tourism and initiative hosted by expat which trains the travel and tourism industry to recognize and respond to cases of sexual abuse and exploitation of children. There is room for improvement in turkey's travel and tourism sectors responses to preventing the sexual exploitation of children. Way Forward one turkeys government increases engagement with civil society organizations and enable specialist ngos to participate in aiding the recovery process of victims of child sexual abuse and exploitation to Turkish travel and tourism companies commit to the code National associations could introduce requirements for gaining registration to include a commitment to the code Thank you for listening. If you want to learn more about child sexual exploitation turkey go to egg. Pat dot org slash turkey and don't forget to follow us on Spotify. If you would like to support the work of that pack in our fight to protect children worldwide, please donate a tech pack dot org slash donate.