What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if kittens play the glockenspiel? Hey there, folks and welcome back to bubblews news the show. Are you get the inside scoop about all the ups and downs ins and outs and backwards is of what if World. We've got a question here from a patron named Alice Lee who asks what if mr. Eric wasn't real of course. Mr. Eric isn't real yet. They did some Storyteller in the sky bossing me around. No, sir, Miami Jabba. It might those show. Oh, I want to be on your new show. Let me read the next question off a cry it out out. This one's from John William. He loves trains and geography and he wonders what would happen if the what if world people all turned into elements of the solar system. Well that explains why my uncle turned into a lump of carbon nice question John William, although you have doomed us all no sir, if there's No. Mr. Eric, then I don't have to turn into helium or hydrogen Bobble. Oh, I've got a breaking story for your new show. Oh, that's great. I love getting the fresh scoop. Okay. Well, you can go scoop my litter while I give these now out. Well, that's not exactly what I look. Okay? Sure. We've got meow out to John Charles who loves Star Wars Catherine who loves unicorns Joseph who loves Batman and Audrey who loves strawberries. Wow, what a big happy family and we've got one more. Shout out to Emma from Minnesota who likes me and Fred the dog and two cats named Arias and Tinker Bell what an adorable kitty names. So thank you Emma Audrey Joseph Catherine and John Charles. Now, let's find out why? Hey, wait a minute, wait, whoa! Whoa, wait a minute. It's by new show. So I get the cue up the questions, okay. Papa logo do you do this thing? I'm already doing my dues thing Bama Jim. Oh geez Louise. Okay. I'm sorry. So just say what if mr. Eric wasn't real stop it. I don't. Oh zip it lock it throw away the key. So let's find out what if mr. Eric wasn't real and what if people all turned into elements of the solar system. Good evening everyone. I'm Popa Wu and where he loved only William Express and we're gonna find out what people really think about this. Mr. Eric who apparently doesn't exist. But Drita the pirate what do you think about all this? I think it's rather nice there used to be a what if question turning the world upside down week after week. And now I've got as much time as I need to Leave my tapestries uninterrupted and what's your opinion about people turning into elements from the periodic tables? I don't know much about science. You'll have to elaborate. Well, for example, you seem to be turning into some sort of gaseous Vapor. Oh dear look at that. Well, I suppose I'd rather be a person than a vapor but I'll figure out how to make the best of it. But but treat well, oh haha. Oh, she evaporated member Jambo. Would you mind checking on the kids? Make sure they don't evaporator transmogrifier anything like that? Oh fine, but only because you look so handsome holding that microphone. Okay. Okay children's existences in Peril. Mamajama. I'm going I'm going. All right, I'll read bod the lower half of your body is turned into solid gold. You blame all of this on. Mr. Eric. Like I have no idea why this is happening. So I'd really like to focus on the solution rather than the problem. Oh, well, that's a great idea with your super-advanced robot braid. You can figure out anything right Fisher. It's just a quick Compu beep beep tation, man. But let all these folks. Enjoy Papa lose news here our gonna cure this weird elements problem. Hazy first things first you Gotta get all the way to the front of the train and then you're gonna back me up a loop go around back. Hello Gangnam, okay's it solid gold. I probably should have bantered a little last sad focused on the solutions. Um Babbage abajo what's going on with our kids back there? Okay. Okay. Don't freak out gal. Any time you say that I know I'm about to freak out the kids turned into a couple of Puddles of Kimmy but don't worry. I sucked him up with an eyedropper. I'm pretty sure this one's jacking. That one's easy breaking out. Oh, I know. I have a freaking out a little bit too. But let's take a deep breath and focus. Did you find out anything in your interview red a red watt said we had to make it to the you gotta get all the way to the front of the train. Okay, and then what that a targeted to a solid gold rad bot? Okay, then let's get to the front of the traded and then we'll figure it out good thinking mamajama. Maybe we can gather some clues in this next trade car. Okay. Listen, there's AA giant squid like monster from Beyond has a landed on this trade. Our its tentacles of burst through the windows that are currently only cheaper by microphone it is I Uncle of course now that there's no mr. Eric reminding me to be nice and good. I can go back to making all of my evil dreams come true. So you admitted cath Uncle you're the one turning everyone had elements of the solar system. Well, not exactly my last evil plan was to wait for a what if question. Question to destroy. What if World well, I just sort of sit back and allow it to happen cut the uncle. We're in a crisis right now. You shouldn't need someone else to tell you to do the right thing very well that I won't listen to you telling me to do the right thing block of Uncle your tentacles up here to be turning to iron. Is that like what are your powers? Oh dear. I forgot that the things that And on this world also affect me fine. How may I help well, if you can flake us ahead a few cars, we could stop this thing somehow very well. But if anyone asks, the last thing I did before turning into iron was say a wickedly evil catchphrase, I'll grate just tell us the evil catchphrase while you throw us. Oh fine squid you later. Don't know that that that's terrible. Oh, oh, oh. Hey, buddy. Are you okay? I'm fine. I'm fine. What about eyedroppers full of children? Yeah, Mercury's pretty bazillion. Okay, we're climbing down into the train engine. This is the papa lows news, exclusive from the Train Engine speeding across what if world at 88 miles an hour and though I know time is of the essence my feet feel like lend your feet at LED Papa Lou. Oh boy. Buffalo is news crew. This may be my last report and I refuse to let by Last Words Be a catch phrase as lame as squid you later. So let me just think of a better one papalote. I don't care if your last words a flim-flam Pampers. We aren't giving up until we've tried everything if mr. Eric were real. He would have put like a button here that we could push it everything I go back to normal this dough Magic Pot and that makes your problems go away you have to deal. With though my goodness, that's which finally some good news a what's capacity smoothie maker a smoothie maker Watts capacitor. Yeah, you know the what's capacitor the device on every train and what if well that lets you travel back in time as long as you're going exactly 88 miles an hour, but no smoothies. No popolo. No smoothies. Just we got to go back in time to when mr. Eric was real and fide us. With the machine and I like this plan. Oh, okay. I'm just gonna flip this switch and as I turned to let all the way up to my neck, our train rocketed through space and time LED. They got a Subway track and New York City and I don't mean knew what city do now I bury is a young. Mr. Eric entering the train again. Come over here, huh? Hello. How are you? Like one of those living statues that is fairly accurate. Yes, but that's besides the point sweetie. You gotta remember you are. Mr. Eric. Um, yeah, that's what my students call me. Can you do me a favor? Mr. Eric, maybe what do you need? We need you to say that all the people turned back from being elements of the solar system into being just people and all the people turn back from being elements in the solar system. The elements in the solar system to being just people whoa, your lead paint went away. Cool trick. Oh, thank you. Mr. Eric how you think that was nice watch me pull my kids out of these tapas. Oh that was disorienting. I've gotten everything ache. Whoa. Are you like a magician family or something? This is awesome. And that's a giant squid monster. Okay, not squeeze you later. How about get tentacled? Oh, that's that's even worse. Okay. Mr. Eric appears to have passed out. He should wake up thinking. This was all a dream, but maybe he'll remember just enough to bring what if world back should we take him home or something. I just brought them up out of bed. She'll be fine. It's New York City. Let's the words like it happened. Ladies and gentlemen, this has been bubblews news Alice Lee and John William. We hope you enjoyed your story Folks at home. Remember that you can support what if World on patreon.com slash what if world we definitely still be puddles on Mercury. If not for our patrons that is empirically true Zach. Yes. Our patrons get ad-free episodes. I shout out on the show a better chance to have it. Question answered at access to so much more. We'd like to thank Karen O'Keefe, uh, co-creator Greg Barton said for our Dandy Theme Song and all you kids at home. Who knows that if you see your world changing for the worse, you can seek information and take action to make things better until we meet again. Keep wondering. I'm wondering what I'm gonna I got a smoothie. Oh wow, smooth you go. God I want to be smooth. Well good. You gotta get smoked.