Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about the people you put together.I want to take advantage of this to share with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they companyBite you to evaluate that within your team's see what they have who is not part of TPP who's not living and breathing the fact that the we're striving for number one at everything we do and we will conquer it's what we have so we have phenomenal people. We got out of mind the way got muddy. No, we gotta what Jack member eilen caste Ito and don't let me stop with Chacon. Don't let me stop with Gabby and riaan Brewery Mitch Leon. Um, We are phenomenal people in this Monday. I want to share with you guys that we are here to do phenomenal things. We will make our dreams come true with him the company and we will strive to make things better and move forward but we need to demand of ourselves were worth. So let's go after it. Let's make it happen. Let's enjoy this two minutes where I want to thank you for making me part of a beautiful family. We're a country that I I never visited became became my country as well. So you on Dominica, no mas help our territory: Dominicana Colombiano. The Corazon de corazon dominicano. I'm gonna come here Billy has some momentum Teleperformance. We gave jobs to ten thousand three hundred ninety-one people since we started we are changing lives. We will make a better we will build new things and stronger and faster and more efficient because we are here to be the number one at all. And that's my invitation. This is this podcast. Let's make it happen. Thank you. All I appreciate it. Quisqueya TP. Number one. Let's talk about it share this with anybody that you know, and if it's helpful send me questions and me advice. Tell me what you want to talk about on this spaces. I want to let you know that TP. We're being that number one. So thank you and I'll see you on the next one.