Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect themselves or even case if they get sick what to do about it, okay? So first of all, why didn't you talk about what is the corner of artists there is different types of corner virus. The corner of ours is basically there's the common cold virus. Okay. We have the four basics ones that we know or transmitted human-to-human. At first we have the 2222 9e and the en el 63 The OSI 43 the HK you won all those are serial numbers basically for the most common coronavirus which basically causes mild to moderate upper respiratory infection things like the common cold and usually you have things like a runny nose sore throat, you know fever body aches headaches and thus some kind of malaise. Okay some patients with some immunodeficiency. Eeyore the extreme ages like very young people and very old patients that all immune deficient these can end up with Luis return infections like bronchitis and pneumonia and can end up in the hospital as well with the common virus. But also sometimes okay some corn a virus that usually infect animals. Okay can evolve because viruses are very smart. Okay, and they can evolve it make people sick. Okay, and therefore become a new human kind of coronavirus? Okay, like the mercy mer escort a virus which causes the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome will remember that. And there's also the source as a RS, which causes the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus and lately. We have the source Co V 2 which is a coronavirus disease 2019, which have been isolated in China in the beginning of the end of 2019 the beginning of the year and now it's kind of spread around to hmm. China Japan Korea the northern part of Italy, you know, all these places are kind of level 3 a lard on travel. Okay, so that's so that's where we had as far as the quote of irises. Okay, and these these these novel or these these kind of corn of ours that used to affect animals and now start affecting human all kind of how to say that new to the immune system and therefore, you know can be a bit hard to deal with in the beginning and as you can see can create a lot of panic around the world. Okay, even if x of stock market which makes sense anyway, but at the end of the day, okay, there are things that we can control and there are other things that we can't control. Okay, all the things we can't control. Basically, we cannot control the virus itself. Okay, in a sense. We can't even really control the exposure some people miss that yes, I can control that, you know travel and stay in my little bubble and things like that. But guess what, you know, you can't live in a bubble. Okay, and as many infections and viruses and then things that are out there you cannot every time there is something that well, you know what I'm a barricade myself in my house, okay. So therefore the exposure itself is not something we can control the behavior the virulence of of the virus itself. It's out of our control. Okay, that's that's those are things that are intrinsic to the virus itself. Okay, and to a certain extent and we can't control our external environment at a hundred percent. Okay, and most of us not to say all of those that's import. I've encountered one. Well, hopefully not the the novel ones. I've encountered one of those four basic score. No virus or more no more in a lifetime and we'll still encounter those, you know at some point because the corner virus is just a common cold. It's not a bit of seasonal you can catch those things that anytime really, okay. So those are definitely things that we can control other than that, you know, there are things that we can control. Okay, we can definitely control the things that that will help us individually. Okay, because what's the difference between Person individual a and then there's you'll be getting contaminated with the corner of ours because you know, there's about I think the latest in the CDC over 3,000, you know infected people mentalities tip is saying we just had our first u.s. Death today or yesterday. I can remember so many people get infected and and they don't really develop, you know full-blown disease on. Wouldn't ammonia or die. What's the difference? So the difference is is in somehow the individual okay, the individual and and and primarily your immune system. Okay, because your immune system is is the entity really that's that's going to face these kind of Invaders, you know, this kind of troublemakers viruses bacterias, you know cancer cells all these things of your Your immune system is like your Navy Seals that supposed to be there to help you and defend you, you know and fend off all any Invaders. Okay, so we have a major problem now lately okay with this aspect of how to say that overall health, you know, which is the the individual and some multi-level issue, you know. Basic nutrition, you know lack of sleep emotional physical stress in some fundamental principles of fitness and all these things that they play a role in what we can control and we've had a relinquish control these things and therefore it makes us a more vulnerable individual. It's like a forces or stretched around fighting. in so many different order daily Invaders, like, you know all the sugar the toxins and all the electric did like the electrical the EMF and particular and all these things are immune system is stretch fighting those things that when we have, you know, something like this news new species, you know, the noble kind of coronavirus from used to infect animals and also, In fact being us, you know, the immune system cannot really focus because it's all Stripes around that you know, it's the response is delayed and and then there the defense also is just not to its full potential and what a virus like this, you know, which are very high relents and and can be transmitted easily. Okay? Well right now it's just person-to-person really would not establish that it is. Dated from hard surfaces or anything like that. So when we encounter something like that, you know, it's it can you can mount to a lot of trouble before before the body the immune system can really take care of it. So now what do we do? We kind of resolve to having to do a little vaccines, you know, and all these things to kind of help us because we have be can't we have become a very weak. And species. Okay. So those are in a nutshell, you know, the things that we could and can control. Okay, but also that brings the importance that you know leaving responsibly. Okay has you know the importance it has No sense that, you know when you eat, right? Okay the right nutrition, you know eating the things that are not triggering the immune system and always keeping in high alert cause a lot of inflammation when you're eating the things that are going to actually help you Eugene your jeans and your body expressed his self a hundred percent including, you know, your immune system basically training your Navy Seals, you know to the Hundred two hundred percent of that capability and in have them always alert and ready to respond to you know, the necessary. I'll say that I'm necessarily have them ready to respond to the you know, qualified threads. Okay, not that the all the chemicals when Jess I'm going to qualify threats, but those are threads that can be avoided. Okay, we're gonna say the corner of ours can be awarded to that not really weird go get that stuff, you know every year some people multiple times. So if it were to really, you know crypto body with the right tool, okay, so that when we Face these kind of issues, you know, this kind of Invaders that it can actually respond and okay, so its full potential and then the in the brief I'm thinking in French in the shortest period of time possible then we give ourself all the chance, you know to come out of it Victor and not a victim, you know, and that in that regard. So again, that's that's where the living responsible eating the right stuff. Also sleep. I Gene making sure you're getting enough sleep also having the right. It's okay to write in the supplements, you know vitamin D calcium magnesium, you know via complex vitamins all these things that all very much lacking in the nutrition, you know start with, you know, all those things will definitely make a difference. Okay, and what else could we say? I could definitely help with that. That's basically it. Okay, but nonetheless doing all these things. You still can come in contact with the virus and contract the virus. Okay, all I'm saying here eating right exercising, you know, drinking plenty of water, you know being responsible as not going to you know prevent you from getting infected. So I'm going to put that out there as a disclaimer, but you know living responsibly and and taking your Health and nutrition, you know and well-being even mental well-being at heart on a daily basis will equipped you okay to to come a Victor. So when you're faced with what these kind of I'll say that challenge which going to virus is definitely that this kind of corner of our house is definitely a challenge to your to your body of your challenge to immune system. Okay? So when it's presented to this kind of challenge, it can actually, you know, get up to the task and actually give you a chance. I'm glad because the thing is all body is is a marvelous piece of engineering. It's it's a miracle. Okay. So if we don't abuse it, you know if we feed the rod thing if we if we keep it if we maintain and just like we will maintain a precious cars or You know whatever it's do to us if if we would not neglect it and and just you know how to say that. Basically just baby be conscious of who we are and how things affect us, you know, then we would be you know, a hundred percent responsive to any threats. Okay, so that's that's how you know in my opinion, you know as a physician and dealing with many diseases, you know, and this and with this particular I'll say quote unquote crisis that we have the corner of hours, you know, and many other viruses are done. Affections, I'll be coming in the future, you know the best way the best prevention the best way to prepare for these things to me, you know, it's not only well as it's not really developing vaccines and things like that. Those are very important. I'm very grateful for vaccines. Okay, because the prevents a lot of death and it helps us to eradicate quite a few diseases, you know and Medicine in general help us, you know a lot but prevention prevention is the key, you know. The foundation, you know the basics, you know, those things are the things that we definitely need to come back to. Okay, and that's what I call live responsibly. Okay, and the thing is some people say, well, you know, I'm already have diabetes hypertension and I'll take about two 1012 medications a day, you know, there's no way I can be healthy and stuff. That's not true. Okay, you can hit the reset button that many times. You know those medications you take in for blood pressure diabetes, you know, there's no medications. You may have to take for the rest of your life. Okay again of this grammar there? Okay, because I'm many patients with my love. I've helped coming off medications in general. Okay for the diabetes hypertension and fibromyalgia or whatever. I want to patients even with the lifestyle changes. They end up still having to take certain medications definitely less than they were taken but they still taking some medication. And then that would changing the lifestyles and heating the reset button. They also avoid other, you know, complications other diseases, you know other I would say side effects of the lifestyle of the lifestyle. They had the reward those and not having to be on mobile applications, you know, all you can save their life or add some more use, you know to day life. Okay. So therefore it's to me, you know the key to to to Really as a human race, you know be able to survive. Okay, and it also faced any any threats, you know present future, you know and all that. Okay, so but nonetheless will just grow in a virus crisis outside. We all need to to apply basic. I jeans okay, don't be touching. A wise face nose and mouth with hands of the not been washed. Okay avoid any sick exposure if you know somebody's sick, you know, I'll say avoid contact and close contact is is is determined as anything six feet six feet in closer. Okay, make sure you wash your hands at least 20 seconds with water soap and water if you don't have that you can use to enhance on advisor. And then also the basic paper face masks. They don't protect you from anything. Okay. So basically is that carbon fiber and 95 kind of mass that really would protect you. Okay kind of restricts them travel. I mean if you must travel, you know, just use basic precautions wash hands of Ward's it contact like I just Add and if you go into somewhere that is has an ad break. So, you know your chances of it being explode with very hot. So make sure you were on approved mask okay and wash hands and and all that. Okay, but the main message here is definitely is definitely leaving responsible even responsibly through Tradition. Okay mental health is very important as well because we all body mind body and spirit. And so I says that Trinity to me and you have to attend to all three. Okay, I'll say is that the domino effect? Okay. So and again, I'm dr. Davidson admin. This is my podcast. And soon will be coming up with my hit the reset button program and also the live responsibly principles. So stay tuned and be safe and live responsibly. Hello everyone. My name is dr. Davidson Edmund. I decided to start is podcast and it's going to be all about Health Nutrition life travels because I love traveling and then anything else in between so the men topic is going to be health and wellness and considering that health is actually my body and spirit and most everything started to that. So we're going to have a lot of fun and a lot to learn from each other. Thank you for listening.