All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with my I grew up. I'd let me just say I grew up. Um, I've been through some rough times. They've been through some rough times. We've all been through some fucking of times some of them together either. There's one time you don't want to drop me off at caveman caveman as my Pueblo people know about caveman's the him and him naropa didn't want to drop me off because they thought I would get in trouble but we did and he did and I did but I don't have to get out. It was pretty cool. And it's a long time ago. That was a long time ago. I don't know. Not sure I am I'm sure it's like a Mexican bar or something next to it. Yeah, but caveman's not like I don't know. I think his brother. His brothers is dead. I don't know I think he died like some battle know though. I know they got another like a daughter and Cave girl or some shit cave people can't people down puebloans. That was the first bar in Pueblo ever went to that. They wanted me. Yeah, I mean like like instead of like a walk through metal detector, whatever. Yeah get it was Sunday and all them dudes used to work at Northern liquor and and and back then you couldn't buy liquor on so we went to caveman's goodies right there. Whatever and I write what I metal detector heart, but I guess that wasn't on there. Yeah. What? Yeah. Well, I didn't this I if I'm not mistaken either somebody shot up that bar or somebody shot up the bar across the street ya bum ya Yeah, the one across the street because that was a Jim's. Yeah, it was the joke about like somebody yeah horrible. Sweetly probably said that joke on Northern right. But anyway, somebody's gonna be awesome. Yeah, but not I think I knew a couple people. I think I knew like like the whole fucking the thing like like the people that did it the people that yeah, they're not like I do everything. I'm like, wow, yeah. Very small neighborhood. We don't even know who you don't want to talk about. They're like, hey, well what's going on with this? I don't know. I'm just walking down to give me a fucking that's about it. You know what I mean the spot right there across from but So my chocolate shakes and a large mesh relationship. That's insane that the fucking ice cream machine even worked. That's all this is the ice cream machine. Yeah, so but you I don't know like you grow it up though. You grew up in the south side. Yeah. Yes Outsider for my whole life your whole life. Yeah, right for sure. You will use your parents and they grew up in this out, too. Well, I mean would you were yeah. Yeah, you know what I mean for the most part. I think the whole time that they that they lived in Pueblo. They were Southsiders. I think you know, they probably came from I think my pops is found came from Oklahoma my mom's from Kansas or whatever, but I might have been you know what I mean that my yeah, and when they were super little kids who'd ya know ya know, but they came to your parents are graduates and Pueblo. Well, they both with the South my dad and gradual. Yeah, I'm sorry not by you Pop's is killing it. Yeah, shoutout to pop he's still doing. All right, but yeah, yes outside for days and the same teachers I hated my dad hated me at school. Wow. That's insane that your pops actually you and your pops like went to the same high school because my pops went to County. Yeah. All right. All right. All right, you know man. Guarded it. Yeah, but I but people that are new that went to Central like that. I was like the little brother you don't know right? So, you know, yeah like they would hit on you don't have it. That was that was my extent of it. You have to put up with the teachers. I hated your Stoner to eyes. I know by enjoy its off the fucking like Mexican dudes in the fucking because you know in central they have those in client's yeah. Yeah, yeah the implants for sure. You know what I mean? Like by enjoying it's like a big old joints you for a minute. We said I went to Central for summer school. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah this little this little punk. I coochie at the time like her ex-boyfriend had a broken leg before that. And so she had to she had the the elevator key dude. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That was the thing to have I think was real better teacher and do it and during summertime. Do you like most of that whole school is Closed off only a couple of floors are oh, yeah. So to have the elevator key like we're definitely scouting out some yeah, not allowed areas or whatever but that that that stuff was cool too because it always had like a like an always have the skate spot. Oh, yeah, you know what? I mean? Like, yeah. It sounds like the skate spot in the back like the wall. Yeah the wall and the and the little ledge back there by teachers parking or whatever and the Hope. Yep, The Ledges and and that like it had like a little half pie like you could do like little like, you know what I mean Rock rolls. Okay exhaustion. Yeah by the gym right there by the stairs. Yeah the big wall back there. Yeah, I use ice. I remember probably the first time I ever skated with Rocky sound of all dude was back there at that wall dude, like back in you know, OJ two-wheeled days, you know, yeah. Yeah. Well j-tube. Oh geez. Well, that's what you could you know, what because you know, you you try to skate it now what like these little wheels? Yeah, you're not scared man. Again, not getting to the top or anything. No like that. No, no man back. There is soberly and then to the wall, you know, yeah for yeah that that shit that they did. I don't know I'd say. Yeah, it's a hard head around there like that whole asphalt fucking like I never noticed how rough it was dude that we tried to skate it. Yeah after like you're not gonna change because you you you you went to skateboarding when it was skateboarding and then like, you know, I remember the big wheels and everything else like that. But then I think I missed it would it was the like just the Little Wheel? Yeah. So like I saw magazines with like fuck. Yeah, Tommy Guerrero skating like a real with like they're made so much money off that you just think how much skate companies were making their just telling you like a millimeter of urine. Yeah just for out the week. Yeah, right. I'll have for $25 asset. Probably boring shit. Yeah, that shit's of the same dude like well, yeah, but like Car but the question that's bad. It's been on my mind a little bit and like what what got you into what you do? Like what got you into writing what did punk rock leads you to writing or did like like did hardcore like, you know what? I mean? I think it was a little bit all they did. I think that really probably most of it was skateboarding. Yeah. I mean like I would say that skateboarding led me to punk rock led me to hardcore. Let me too. To graffiti writing, you know, like even all the way back to like, you know, those old Mike Marin her views and Thrasher and shit, you'd always do, you know the St. Spray painted on the wall behind, you know, just just the graffiti that was skateboarding and I think you know when I very first started writing graffiti, it wasn't like Writing Your Name all style writing or whatever. It was. Just writing some you know some anti-government. Punk rock shit. Yeah, whatever, you know just in some tea knocks type of shit. And then yeah, and and now it's from the punk rock out aspect and then AG, you know, as I learned the culture and stuff and that's where you know kind of the East Coast influences came in right right, but I yeah, I would definitely say it was all skateboarding. Yeah, I'll skateboarding like the funny thing like like that's crazy like all skateboarding like this because you have because all right, cuz this oven I'm gonna throw it way back, right? Now I'm going to throw it back old-school Pueblo. Would we have had the would we have had what's that word? I'm looking for see there's these are hard because I'm yeah, but the word I'm looking for like what are we we would we have had access to skateboarding like we had if it wasn't for Bollinger right for ya. Like I mean like because did you see skateboard magazines being sold anywhere else? Really? Yeah, dude, like that was a hard find right? Yeah, Mike like Bollinger is I would like, you know, like I'm kind of Back there because I read some because I actually follow this group on Facebook. Where you Pueblo back in the day. Yeah, they and they said something about Bollinger is not that damn you can see titty magazines any fucking time. They would be like, are you 18 I'm like, yeah, that's okay and I'm like fucking 13 years old. You don't know him like shit boarding magazines and I think even had like fucking graffiti magazine. Oh, do they had it? Tall. Yeah, do you have it all No Lie. They had it all they had. I don't know who they're just distraught guy was but whoever it was was, you know, a full supply of all, you know, I love everything everything. Yeah from porn did graffiti to comic books. I mean, I'm pretty sure you could have picked up some like pretty fucking pricey comic book. I remember getting gum. I remember getting bubble gum bubble gum with album covers. Yeah. I got the Kiss Alive. Album is that yeah, I remember those dude. I had I had a blondie one dude. That's dull right that have been sitting to have like a pink a pink piece of gum gum. Bubble gum. That was like a vinyl record. Right? Right, right and do a sleeve I remember those two dude, dude for sure. Those were fucking those are crazy like that used to be able to like hit up on just for like anything right? They anything and everything. Yeah for sure like everything like anything. Cigars, you know what? I mean? You want to roll your blunt? You know what I mean? You want you some without anything tattoo ink, I think I fucking bought India. There was all kinds of weird shit. You could get there speaking to that India ink, dude. What about that? What's the name of that? You still a band that you just turned me on to this this last week that late 70s. Oh, yeah the snap is that what you have the snap or something? Yeah. Damn, dude, they're really good. And they had that what made me think about is that they had a song called India ink teardrop or so. Oh shit. Now get the fuck out of here real dude ever have to look that up to it. For real. That's a super good man that for some reason I never heard of until like last week or whatever. It should look like a crazy like Mexican girl. Anyway, dude like yeah straight fucking Chola chick with the fucking with the super La. Yeah. I didn't Punk. Like being at that age like or whatever without like I guess Allie had mad resources. Yeah, you know what? I mean? So it's like put like did you it was that did you hear Alice bag in that? I mean, did you hear ya? You don't have to say it like the influence of fucking this older Chicana? Yeah, but you and you know, like I don't know if that's a cop out on my on my end because there's just not that much to compare it to that. I hear that. Yeah, I mean like in the same way that all kinds of fucking cracker West Coast, you know sounds halfway the same or whatever halfway, you know, but yeah, it all sounds LA to me. I mean I could tell where it's coming from and I listened to it, but I would definitely compare it to the bags for sure but it's still good the LA stuff the alley stuff actually fuck him. Like I could I could I can fucking hear it like good, you know what I mean? Like I could But do you think there was like fucking 16 little teeny boppers with fucking dresses on singing about? Yeah, you don't have it. No snow fucking socks on hmm. You know what? I mean? Yeah. Just chilling. I didn't like I don't know dude, I think of did you watched what's up rockers? Did you watch that movie or which one? What's up rockers? No, no. No, it's kind of like you watch kids before know. No, huh? Yeah, that's like that one movie kids. Yeah. It's no but I saw a portal was I do be of it. You're right. It's but it's got the same type of structure. It's about these these kids from the hood that are like little like Mexican rocker kids, you know what I mean? But they skateboard and shit. Yeah, and they make this little they go to like a Hollywood High and skate and get Doubt and and they have a band and shit, but the name of the show comes from the walking home and there's like all the gangsters out on the street and they will stop bracco's but up Reverend. I mean like yeah. Yeah, but it just goes to show that I think. You know no matter where you're sitting if you have that type of rebellion and you you're gonna you know, whether it's fucking gangster rap or hip-hop or punk rock, you're going to find you know, yeah. Yeah way to have an outlet about it. Yeah, and and again it always goes got skateboarding for some reason to meet skateboarding and it's a didn't beat up didn't kill nobody with the skateboard today. No, they didn't be okay Harold Harold fucking alright. He held her for real that kid was I saw some video clips of the one IG and shitty was ripping. You know what? I mean? We're for real for real like that kid with a dead what that kid? Did I wouldn't want to say something about? Yeah don't know. I hope it's not enough to bad. I've been if you diets in you're young. It's usually something fucking bad. I think it got a kind of a couple of kids from that movie. You know, it's all that fucking. Oh, yeah because roach yeah, bro. Ouch from Friday After Next Rosario Dawson wasn't that shit? That wasn't yeah you remember Rosario Dawson. She was the one fucking rolling with Talia. Yeah, man that held a movie. I've been watch I watch kids a few times actually a shitload of and I was actually to bring that up like a while ago and that's funny that you bring that movie up because I was actually going to fucking bring that up and I was I was gonna say something about kids and we're talking about like like like influencers and shit like that. Is that is that at Love Park where they are? Is that no, I think that's New York city is in. Yeah, because they went to Washington Park when I got the lead plays bass. Yeah, that's it. Laughs. Yeah, that's New York, but love park. That's that's another story. Yeah, for some reason that's that's what like I have in my head for that scene is oh, yeah Park fucking Ledges and drops and shit, but I don't EV Williams fucking shit. I just saw some Steve William shit in some New York the icon on the Brick New York. Yeah, like the brick Banks. Oh, yeah break Banks, but he was back on the side just if he's always and that dude no matter any time. I fucking see that dude on IG. He's always doing some crazy ass fucking like like switch fucking he'll flip nollie switch fucking nollie heelflips fucking which is from manual to fuckin attend all the 360 flick out in a pair of Jordans if that's what this dude. To them skateboard like goddamn this dude's wearing like fuck the $200 pair of Jordans who he's just shitting right and it should know people still write and and how old is dude, you know? Yeah, he's got two kids got a couple kids, right and I mean and still just holding it down on Runner knows his own business. Yeah. I'm still just ripping. We are just a ribbon, but that's that's the life dude if you're fucking but that just goes back to that the athletic sysm athleticism. ISM dude because you know so many other skateboarders that I see like that we you know, we used to watch back in the day. Yeah are like fat chubby dude. Yeah, you know what? I mean? They're not really like yeah really taking care of themselves. Like yeah other people do I think this, you know, there's a certain amount of I mean grind to it to you know what I mean? You can't you can't have that level of skill. Yeah your own business and your own, you know what I mean and not have this this different level of you know, Of just grind of hustle. Right right building, you know, right right and and you know, a lot of them cats. We're probably sitting in the right place next the right guy or whatever. Yeah. Yeah, totally a trick bag the you know, yeah well and it should happen, but I guess not the same nowadays, huh? You watch some kids play skate and their trick bag is 30 deep before they You know what? I mean? Yeah, it's probably even more than that. Yeah, I don't even miss the tricks ever dude. No, you go back and watch watch like a contest in 86 or something and watch all kinds of hands down. Yeah and you watch him fall probably six times during the round and win. I mean now now you fall during your run your, you know your toast they just give up they don't even do that. Dude. I saw that kids like I saw, you know, I saw a The other day no lie on the on the video was Ron Allen. Yeah nice. I thought it 52 years old. He was just he was just throwing it down. He was you know, he wasn't doing that intact but still do use Ron Allen's goddammit H Street you watch these kids nowadays. They skate like that again, dude, like like the step-offs and no complies and shit. Yeah, huge comeback. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I think I seen that in the end. We set up the clown on that so hard It in and like that's steadily and every kids run nowadays is so 180 step off thing. And that's to me that's I mean, I think one of his board Graphics was even like a no comply or a right Rush a kiss. That's crazy. That's because you can she not choose like I've been watching that shit in they talk about that kid that Nyjah Huston. Yeah, like totally like he's on like a regular TV on Saturday afternoon, like all the time like skateboards mounted dude. Did you see Houston dude some dude the Olympics this year them cows have their own like Olympic Gear Well, I did not see that. Yeah. Keep the Olympics in Sochi Olympics skateboard team. They've been at the barracks and shit. Yeah modeling. What the fuck are they are they wearing like a tight leotards. It's pretty like like trainer sweatsuit type, but you know what? I mean? Oh, yeah, and I could be like Lying dude, I you know, it's probably the like the luge you don't do they is there any who's there any but like their names on there? Oh, I'm sure dude. I'm not I shouldn't even said it because I'm not as well schooled in it as I should be but you know what because that's funny because right away like if you see any name to be I would have just been like okay. Yeah believed it. Okay, like you would have been all Gerald Madison. Oh shit. Yeah, we're lookout for Gerald Madison and these 96 Olympics shit. What are these Olympics supposed to be up in China? No or Japan? I think these Foods is tripping on this coronavirus up. What do you think about this coronavirus? I don't know. I'm not sure bro. I fucking I pooped that feels nice. You don't have it, you know and it's like Tupperware on her head like a breed spot in it or whatever. I mean, I understand when you're in a place with a lot of people with a lot of Travelers and I know I don't think the Denver is not that type of place. Right? Right, right. I don't know. I'm not tripping on it. Like you say dude if it has gonna get me go ahead. You know what? I mean? Like, I'm yeah. I'm not gay. Did I pooped it feels? Yeah, I've dude. I've got some gnarly bathroom. I would say that the bar bar bathroom is all I was bald you motherfucker. I was gonna shout out to fuckin Tony did Tony disease. Hey the bar bar back in the day. They had that was a nasty shit her brother Li I thought that all of them were trash bagged up. That was that's probably one of the most legitimately graffitied. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah ever been that was a dope, but that was a dope Punisher. Sure, like there is just straight there straight spray paint tags. Yeah on the ceiling. Oh for real. Hey fucking shout out to the triangle downtown Denver. You know what? I mean? What is that Broadway the triangle, you know right there. He 394 maybe maybe a little earlier than Ava probably right around there to Five Points. Yeah, it was still hurt. It was still super fun. Yeah. Yeah. We're the only the only fucking windows on the blond fight with green hair and and don't care we made friends quick with you know, with the description stuff. Yeah, and even just the normal folks around the hood. There was a group dud a little Latino graffiti grew the DAT crew that lived right down there too. Oh shut up, dude. All right, and they used to come and hang out smoke weed with us and drink and stuff but it was crazy. Dude. There's some crazy shit that jumped off down. There was fires all the time dudes like who you like? There is seriously always trying to burn that spot down guys. Maybe I only know that is because the the fire department or the fire station for the neighborhood was right across the street. So yeah, that's true. Did you live by the Gale but the Detention Center? I don't know that the Gilliam. It's like right off 30th and Downing. It's like you don't wear that you know where that liquor store is on Downing. Yeah, it is right there. Yeah, it's like back there. I got you so that couple of blocks away. Okay, I wasn't aware of it. You know what? I mean? Yeah, there was that was crazy time at that was probably really the time period Where I got introduced to like it's like real Graffiti Writers like cats that were that were down for all to go all City. Yeah that lived, you know rack and paint right lived just riding all day, you know, so and now was that was that was my first exposure to that and and it was dope dude. It was super fun. Like, you know, graffiti was would just had a whole new. Set of rules after that right right, like shit definitely changed like those kids like a bunch RTD kids. Well, I guess one or two of them aren't around anymore, but we should kick it with those guys and they you know, just school this to the game. We are these you know, the young kids from Pueblo, right? Right, right, you know that didn't really know too much but we I mean, you know, we didn't have really know what it's scored Caps or Yeah, yeah, sir, you know anything like that and so that and they were definitely cool enough to the kind of the kind of welcomed you like how ya, like, I know that we got you and that stuff. You know what I mean? Like that's cool. That's cool. I used to be wet and and it might just be because I'm older now, but I used to feel a lot more like a community back then like like everybody kind of knew each other. Yeah, but again, you know, I'm not that I'm not young cool anymore so that all the kids could still be like That and I just don't even know it, you know. Yeah the club, you know, this is young people move on. You know what I mean? Yeah, graffitis, like definitely something like it seems like you you kept it with you know, what I mean was skateboarding with our like as long as I've done here is we've always been yeah, we always talk something fucking artsy-fartsy right but it's cool though because I like to speak to it talk to him with somebody that has enough fucking education in it. You know what I mean about it that it is nice to be able to hold down a Right. Yeah in that in that same sense, like graffiti was one of those things that you keep on doing, you know, like yeah, like when your body gives out on skateboarding, you know, you could still go find someplace to paint. All right, and that's what that's what gives you you know what I mean, like when your pain and shit like you're just right and that keeps you keeps me young even if I'm not, you know a certain circles or whatever, but I feel like it like a little juvenile delinquent. For sure for sure, you don't run out and do stuff like that. Thank you Miss. Um, do you ever Miss like being in bounds and stuff like that. Do you ever miss playing music like, you know what I'm saying? Like, I know that you've been on kind of like a Hiatus for a little while I miss - the couch for my bands, you know what I mean? Yeah, like you build the type of camaraderie with the cats that you know that you hanging out with all the time. Yeah. So, yeah for sure and you know, I definitely missed. Shows and music and stuff. But more than anything I missed, you know hanging out with those cats for you know, however long drink band practice before after shows or whatever like just just having you know, a different crowd of homies that you were tightly still holler it at the kids from hodgepodge. Yeah, the hodgepodge piece out to buttocks. I just actually was texting with what acts today. Oh, yeah. So for hot fudge Fuck it up. I just say to like a like fucking like everybody like that like you like when you like the end but those are like kids like that. That's what's crazy about living up here and like doing all this stuff now is like we live up here but like we're never fighting over there. Like we know from there, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, like like the people we do me and stuff like that like yeah, you guys are cool, but it's like you're you never really feel like 100 complete in that Circle it. It's because you know, there's a level of trust for people that you've known your, you know, go your whole life whether or not any minute and I don't know like a scene like the full of punk rock scene or underground me ya know like whether or not you knew him knew him. You knew him, you know, yeah. Yeah, right like, you know, yeah as like as you been in it or whatever what's funny is like a lot of those kids. It's like I know him like like for instance like the dead-end kid. Um, Cochise Carlos, yeah, I knew that kid like back. What is fucking kid? It was like a shark like yeah little we had a log as ponytails a little native kid. You don't because it pops is cool as fuck because I do his Pops. I know his uncle I know his Uncle Greg they were all inbounds. Yeah, don't you just so he's already you don't last with that node and that's dope dude, because he he took it to that level. You know, those kids are holding it down. Yeah, they're actually on a record label now. Yeah. Yeah Batcave back ever. But the records I saw a shout-out to the dead end you wanted me. Oh, man. Wow. Yo pickle fucker. Yeah, Carlos. Yeah. Yeah shout out. If you guys hear this, you know what I miss you guys holding it down that's dope. It's a pretty good video. I liked that video. Yeah for sure that they're keeping it. You know, they represent Pueblo like we're talking about. Yeah for sure. Yeah bullshit Carlos and his brother quality and the little punk rock guy fucking Pickle. Yeah pick off not having a concert or well. Yeah. Well, I know that's weird. That's where that's where this like. It's like they take them back up the because he because I follow these are the best of brochures or some from Tucson's my dudes crazy. Let like Lenny metal now. Yeah, that dudes fucking dope dude. I guess he's real cool with Pickles. Oh, yeah, I mean something that's a crazy thing that dude has a lot of yeah, like a lot of Home in economies. Yeah, but not even just from his crew. From all over the fucking place. Yeah, you have like everybody like a like all kinds of people like from what train total chaos. Yeah, for sure. And yeah, I mean any time I've been at a show and pickle was there and it was a bigger touring band like somebody in the band me that dude. Yeah. Yeah something about me that's like he was sitting at a table or whatever. Yeah pretty weird pickle pickle cool. I like people I met a pickle if you know, you know, what's funny as I met pickle. I met him at Jimmy's house. Yeah, and I'm Jimmy. Jimmy was fucking just bass playing bass and he was due to didn't I was Master out of microphone. Yeah. I mean, I don't know we're down there before I blow for something. What about you? Do you miss being in a punk rock band a I miss I miss all of them. I do I do I miss being in a punk rock band. Fuck. Yeah. I'm just visiting punk rock that I wish I could be in a punk rock bass. Yeah. I don't know. Ah, I don't know. It was fun. It was fun. yeah, so at least they're not analysis excuse to to get drunk go out and hang out of the NB a home is it wreaked havoc and recap if those were those are good days when we're in bounds when we would play with fuck it up. Yeah, I was thinking about that the other day the cuz cuz you know, what's funny is I when I ask that Sean Beeman kid I go you ain't got no flyers from the compound. He's like I never went there. That's why I was like, what the fuck? Well, I thought you were always there weren't you always there that's neat or was it good? That idea kid wasn't always. They're either though, but he was there sometimes yeah, because I think get well because a piece of played there. Yeah a piece up later covid. I'm sure but you know, that was the spot dude. Yeah. That was the spot that we we should have held that spot. I mean dude didn't God. I'm sure for Jim Taylor probably still owes money on that post you did, you know that the the power he was usually come from the liquor store right thing. They were side. Yeah and everything, you know, I can't believe that dude. That was sometimes the power would be like fucking And that parking lot was just like filled filled in and out of car had been fucking gay dude. That was a sick as hell. We would just shut it and not that are not that was funny. Was all ages and it was you know, I would say that the compound wouldn't have happened without cease just because it was definitely like a it seems like hidden Miss but it seemed like it definitely lit. The all ages seen under like a like a whole new group of kids or whatever. Yeah that I saw happening right then and right and and I feel like those kids were kind of a little more coming in to get wild when the compounds right, right. That's crazy that that compound no and then what there was the sports garden? Yeah, that's what's got the sports garden was another one. Yeah. I hated anyone like that was weird. Like I played the chief one time. Yeah. Yeah the chief we got like four tickets for tickets for like four fucking drinks. Yeah. I've never liked any time. I've gotten drink tickets any place we've ever played. I've always spent more than we've made. Far as drinking even with tickets. That's how they get you I would imagine that's Graham. They're Makin more off me one person. Yeah, whatever because because they're not making any money off the bat. Well that everything they're making you would think to a certain extent. It's because the band yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, hopefully the people are there to see the band they would be I promise you but are they there? For drinks. Yeah, see that's that's the that's the that's what it fucking comes down to roll when he and that's what sucks for bands dude. And I feel bad. That's why I try not to go see bands anymore really because I'm a cheap guy. No, I just talk a lot of shit. But I mean if I'm if I'm buying drinks, I imagine they are I mean, I've done my fair share drinking in the parking lot too. Oh, yeah what that's isn't that what punk rock's about is drinking in the park. There's drinking in the fucking parking lot. Yeah. It is but it's also about figuring out what uh what cans or bottles they have inside and just bringing your own. Yeah. Well, I usually you know, what I do is I always do it like what I used to I don't know what I did is I just drank fuck. I don't know that that's real. Sorry. Yeah sprays out of the fucking sometimes I'd sneak in like a fucking half pint and just like fucking yeah, but in the bathroom make your own mix yeah something. But then I Don't Wanna Be walk around the big old cup of Pepsi and they're like, oh that looks fucking delicious and I'm like it is and you're just throwing my cuffs. They're like, what the fuck but uh, yeah all that shit. I don't know bands are cool. But you know what like a I think I like doing this animals like this is pretty cool. Especially if you got people that you can sit Yeah, I have people listen. Yeah, I actually whatever rolled into the Chain Reaction record store today. Yeah, that guy was like yeah, you know worked on this because it because I actually I talk to you Keith. Yeah Sanchez. Oh, alright. Yeah, he was like, I don't know much about podcasting was arm down. You know what I mean? Like, yeah. I may just be able to get some questions get it you want me get home by set up. You know what? I mean? He lives up in the old neighborhood. I want to say the school. Or something. I don't know he works on on their buses and stuff. I thought he worked on commission - donkey. You guys are gonna be okay buddy. Thank you. Thank you to everybody rise. We were at least being honest. Yeah, but Keith was like, yeah. I know you're not what I did with my last week that was like that like every every fucking warning light on the whole - razandrich ocean and and I seriously this sounds super have enough lame old guy shit, but I donated it to like in NPR good for you man walking you do that. That's like a tax write-off dude. Like yeah. Yeah to Jesus. Yeah, it was way more than I would have been able to sell the car. Yeah what they got me back as far as the talk show whatever that's what Ernie that's apples doors as well. See what that car right there shit. I'm gonna fuck. Charity top the top of the foot the full coverage for you know a week. We got full coverage on the new joint. You got on the new joint on the old one for a second and just get it taken care of find it out off I-70. I'll burn out I'm out because that means I gotta pay a final fuckin $500 to do this. I gotta put in money to make ain't no income ain't no outcome without no income homeboy. You know what I mean? But yeah, but fuck. Yeah dude. It's I've been a fucking pleasure fucking pleasure podcast stoked to be here. I'm glad I'm thank you for being here, brother. Thank you. Thank you. That a better give was shout out every show. So there you go. Cousin Joey reprieves. Shout out to everybody out there that fucking you know what? I mean? That's this. Yes, please. You know what? I mean? Look out for Beyond YouTube Spotify soon. Hopefully Apple podcast soon. All I can say is thanks for tuning in if you listened and I hope you enjoyed it. I have more content for you coming soon.