Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you experience the flow.The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new listener welcome. I hope you're enjoying your binges on all of the episodes of you dive into your design as you dive into human design and business. If you have been listening since the beginning or you're like obsessed right now. Thank you so much. We appreciate it beyond beyond belief. So thank you. Thank you. Thank you you guys. I'm super excited for this episode because it is all about the myth. So I have been dying because sometimes sometimes I literally I'm sitting behind a screen, you know my phone and reading things or hearing things and I literally just like choke choke because some things that people are saying about human design are really coming out of left field. And and are coming just from maybe their own interpretation but of misinformation and mishmash has and just sometimes out of the sky, so we're just really like hearing a little that's not true. I'm sure hearing a portion of something and then just running with it and telling the world about it. So I Obsessed and us at human design. So if you're new, sorry as metal, I'm a design. If you're new to listening to line by Design. There is myself Amy and I started a line by Design about a year ago. And there's also Libby Hoffman and Liz coils who are rhd readers. So if you're looking to get a reading done, that's how you're going to get your reading done from and It's just the Integrity of human design is so important to me. It is so important and when I hear these things and when I almost spit out my tea over these things I'm like, oh my gosh, you know, it just kind of makes me cringe sometimes because obviously we live in a world of social media and one thing can be picked up and shared all over the place all over the place. So I'm going to dive into it today and the next episode 2. So this is broken into two parts. And the first part is just the myths that drive me crazy that are not true that I'm here to bust. I'm demystifying I'm debunking so that you guys know the truth about things and half of this one and then part two of the debunking is all from you guys. So all of the things that you guys have been wondering or hearing that you're like, is this true is this not true. And not too sure about or things that are also driving you crazy because this is the other part to a you guys some of the stuff that you read on the Internet is like really depressing it really depressing and here at align my design. We are here to like set you free human design and understanding your reading and going deep into your own integration and embodiment is meant to set you free. It may not always feel like that especially at the beginning as your real lining, but it is here to set you free. It is here to allow you to feel your power to access your power to accept yourself to understand yourself and not create any limits from it. And what really really gets to me is when I hear people say I'm a projector and I'm also have a two two lines. I'm a hermit and now I'm never going to see anyone or talk to anyone or my business could never Thrive because I'm a projector with a 2 and I'm like no like that doesn't mean any it doesn't mean that you're limited and that Need to hide and hermit. So anyone that is out there that's like literally limiting themselves right now. I want you to listen to this and I want you to allow yourself to really go into some different teachers some different teachers because like I said, a lot of what is online that you're going to Google is going to be some of the depressing stuff some depressing stuff and it's not about limiting your like being Limited. Atlas it some of it does sound limiting especially when you don't have a base of human design and not able to interpret what that really means and the whole picture and your whole design is a whole picture. Right? It's a whole story that it's telling so it's not one part here in one part here and one part here. It's the whole story and that's why it's super important to get a reading done so that you understand the whole story and that you're not compartmentalizing these aspects to you that feel like a trap. They feel like they could be confining and when you understand the Sorry, it's really like, oh I got it. This is just how my energy moves. So anyways, let's get into it. So the first one that literally is my biggest pet peeve is the personality test. Okay human design is not a personality test. It is not it is not to represent you or Define you as a personality. It is your soul. It is literally your energetic DNA your souls DNA how you are meant to be working operating showing up living breathing being working with other people like it is here. It is literally your blueprint. It is an instruction manual of how you are meant to operate and when you follow that manual when you allow yourself to be guided from that manual everything Becomes more effortless everything becomes more flowing everything becomes more free and more abundant and more. Joyful and just such a beautiful experience. So when we understand what personality tests are it is like you are all grouped here, right? You are all grouped here. So there is like one personality test that it often gets categorized with is like the anagram and I never really got into Into that at all now growing up. I really did love personality test because I was like obsessed with trying to understand myself and understanding of their Capricorn and what all of that meant and I really did connect with it. But now knowing that personality tests are can be very flawed because first of all you're taking a test so people start to freak out and they start to try to answer the questions like perfectly and they're like, oh my God, am I gonna get it? Right? I might like, you know, they try they it's just pressure. It's just Your subconscious and even your conscious selves you just want to do really well. So you try most people are don't have the awareness and don't have the like truthfulness to like answer the nitty-gritty questions it also as you expand as you grow as we evolve even when you were maybe 12 verses one year 32, you could be answering questions differently because you've experienced life differently. You are a different person all of the things right and even the mood that you're in so you could be answering questions differently depending on the mood that you aren't so it is not like and your understanding of the question right the way you interpret it in that moment can also change it especially change yours from somebody else's the interpretation and understanding so anytime that you're taking a personality test you really have to take it with a grain of salt because it's not like set in stone like your souls energetic DNA like human design is human design is so specific and it is so individualized and it So unique to you. So for example, if I'm a Capricorn all other Capricorns are generally getting the same definition, right and if we understand that generators, yes, we kind of give their energy type a definition but there's so many different ways to break down a generator a generator who is your sister and you as a generator likely have some differences in your chart which is going to show up differently. Right. So we go into your profile. We're going into your centers. We're going into your gaze. We're going into your channels your Incarnation cross literally everything the way that your arrows like everything is different, right? Everything is different. It is so rare that you come across a chart that is identical identical to anybody else's chart. So it's so unique and so special and so such an important way to just honor that it's like It's definitely not about personality. It is not a test. It is literally when your soul was born here on Earth who you are. It's who you are. So it's pretty damn important, but that's the biggest one for me because I'm like no, it's not a reason all these as we can say that okay. So the next one is that there are certain people that are going to be getting along better certain energy types. So whether that be in relationships whether it be parents, Errant child whether that be loving relationships or friendships or whatever Partnerships and business. So yes, there are energies that thrive off of each other but it really comes down to your entire chart again. So really comes down to your entire chart and your own understanding of the other person, right? So when we understand ourselves, that's the first part and the second part is to really understand the other person's design. When we come to a place of acceptance and understanding and really like deep and knowing of the other person we can get along with anyone we can work with anyone because we get it we get there process we get the way that they're showing up we get Y and there's no need to have expectation. There's no need to be mad because they're not showing up a certain way. There's no need to say, you know, I don't like them there could be times where you're like our energy is just not vibing together and that would be going into the church. Charts, but when you come from a place of understanding you really can love understand except work with be around anyone. So again, it's not like that's not like astrology where there are certain signs that are going to connect more. It's really about the whole person as a whole. So that's another really big one that I get asked a lot. Okay next. Okay. So the next one that I wanted to talk about is that your human design your business. As a human design, so that doesn't even make sense. Who knows? Okay, the whole point of human design is to be as accurate as as you can be with your time your date of birth like you like obviously your date of birth, but like your time to a tee because it's so important and then all of a sudden we're just making up our businesses human design time. I know it's you you are your business is so don't don't be going around. Round and like making up a time and a birthday for your business like really like this is where like Integrity of human design comes in and really trusting and knowing and like not just making stuff up and throwing it out there and going around with it because that's where things get twisted and that's where people are just like, oh, I'm going to say this and I'm going to run with that and I'm going to tell people this they can go do that and then people get confused with things right so know your business is not have a design there. Are you can do animals and stuff there. Is there is it like a really specific software though that you're using for Animals because they actually have a different system than we do so that their actual like their chakra their centers or different than humans. So it's pretty cool to see I don't really use that because I don't do readings on animals. But if you are obsessed, you can definitely check that out check out your animal is but your business no blood. No, baby. Okay. So the next one that really does drive me crazy. Ozzy is when people are saying that you know that they can't show up for something because of their design and this goes back to like those limits obviously that we talked about but that they can't do this or they can't do that or they can't have this or they can't be like that person and there's a really big difference between radical responsibility and whole self-acceptance to feel Like you are restricted in life and again human design is meant to set us free. So yes, I'm a projector. Okay, so here's an example. Yes. I'm going to projector. Yes. I am highly sensitive to a lot of foods and caffeine and alcohol because my system is just very sensitive as are the majority of projectors. Okay. So when I am not doing any of that stuff like if I'm eating super clean and And I am not drinking. I don't drink a lot but like even like anything like maybe once every two weeks if I don't even have that if I am not drinking coffee, I feel a total difference in my energy. Like I am just way more connected. I'm way more in tune. I'm way more topped in. I'm way more high energy and yet if I feel like drinking, you know a family dinner or on a Saturday night. something I will I'm not ever going to say I can't because I'm a projector and because my systems highly sensitive. I'm going to be super aware that okay. I'm probably going to feel like shit the next day. Even if it's just one drink. I will feel it and I am going to have to kind of rebound that so it's all about awareness. And I mean again, it's just it's just allowing yourself to understand yourself. So if I have this this might happen, this is likely going to happen. But I'm not going to sit there and be like, well, it's Saturday night and I really want to do this but I'm not going to and like a punishment right? We're not meant to punish ourselves. So again, whether you're an emotional Authority or whether you are a man of fester and feeling like you're L have to be alone and or a projector and feeling like you need more alone time that you need people time because that's what you read. It's all about your own intuitive guidance in your body and in your soul. And letting that be the guide for you human design is the tool. It is the map it will tell you how to get to your highest self and it's up to you if you want to be there or if you don't want to be for one night and to you know, understand it and be like well, yeah, that's that's my highest self. That's my highest version of my best possible human self, and I just want to have some chocolate tonight. You know, I just don't have a Coffee on a Saturday morning, so not to punish yourself. Okay. Don't punish. It's not even about limitations about punishment. Don't punish yourself through your design. Okay. So the next one is a personal one as a projector that we're just here to nap and that you are going to need a lot a lot a lot of rest. And I mean there's three different there's three different types of projectors, right? So it's really important for us to remember there are energy project. Is there are mental projectors and there is your classic projector. So when you first align with your design it is going to be more tiring because your body is going through an adjustment. Your energy is going through an adjustment and your your brain is going through an adjustment. You're living you're being you're operating in a different way. But as a whole all of our designs are meant to be like Have like zest, you know, we're meant to be alive and living and excited. And yeah, you might have more dips in your energy, but you're not meant to just be napping all day. Okay, so it's really important to remember that. It's important to honor that you are meant to have more rest than let's say manifesting generator, but to really let yourself live and for any design right now that Feeling exhausted it's a huge sign of misalignment. It also could be so it could be a big sign of misalignment of doing the stuff that isn't aligned for you or overdoing something. So obviously we're humans. We have human bodies. We all need rest and some of us need more of it than others and sometimes some seasons of your life. You're going to need more of it than then another season and to just again intuitively trust yourself and as Long as you are living your process and your design you're going to feel those moments of being lit up and excited and energized. It takes your awareness to pull it back and really understand like when you need those brakes and when you need rest and when to pull the brake, so you know, and and again that's intuitively is going to come so natural to you. But if your projector and you're excited and you're energized don't be alarmed don't be like I got to shut down. I got it. Get a nap right now and go let yourself be excited and live because that's passion and that's your soul coming forward but also know that like, all right. I got a cool it for a little bit and I got to re-energize and refocus. Okay. So you guys I asked you in the Facebook group a line by Design. What are your myths? What are the myths that you want debunked it? So I'm going to read from the rest of them from you guys. So the first one is that projectors are low energy. So first of all, there's three different types of projectors. So we to remember that so we have the energy projector who is going to portray more energy feel like they have more energy and also be a bit more conditioned to falling into thinking they have a sacral defined but they don't we have our classic projectors and then we have our mental projectors or super open so projectors. Yes. We are non energy beings, but it doesn't mean that we have low energy. We just go in these Sprint's we have these Sprint's where we're going fast. We have a Energy, and then we have to consciously be aware that we can't keep sprinting. Maybe you know that the Sprint is like a hundred meter dash not an 800-meter - so we need to remember or it's not like a 10k run. Actually. I remember it's not a 10k run. It's a - so we're dashing there were resting we're dashing and were resting were dashing and we're arresting and that goes in many different ways. So the definition obviously that you guys have heard a million and one times is that projectors are meant to work approximately. Four hours a day, so I could be sprinting for 4 hours a day and then resting playing having fun doing things High Vibe or just alone time decompressing for the other 20 hours and sleeping or it could be a little Sprint here for an hour and then pull back or go do some things or chill out for 20 minutes. It looks so different for everyone. There's not one definite definition, but just because non-energy beings are not Energy beings. We don't have a defined energy centers such as the sacral we do have these other energy centers that are giving us energy. It does not mean we're low energy. Okay, so we can do a lot we can get a hell of a lot accomplished highly highly efficient. With less energy with less energy. That's all it is. Okay, next one projectors are passively waiting for invitations. Oh my goodness projected power Paradigm is needed for anyone that thinks that projectors are passively waiting for invitations that is not true at all. The whole idea of an invitation is given to you. The invitation is given to you after you actually seen and heard and validated for what you're doing. And what you're speaking so you cannot receive especially in a lined invitation until you're actually out there. So we're not passively waiting for anything. We're out there doing our thing trusting that alignment will bring us in the most aligned invitations. Okay, next one. So there were numbers for these but I've lost the numbers obviously. I'm just going in a row now. So next one is projectors can't run successful businesses due to burning out quickly. Well hello. I'm a projector. I'm not sure if we've met I am a VA and I am now running an entire company here and I have had a wildly successful year in my very first year of business. I made two hundred forty-one thousand dollars last year. I had a 40-something 42k month. I had a baby my third baby this year. Well, so I operated my business grow. It well being pregnant with my third child giving birth to him after giving birth to him having my biggest month ever and for bringing out the rest of History. It's been history. It's been amazing. So and I have done this well being a projector and living like a projector. So before yes, I was definitely hitting burn out because I was not in alignment with being a projector, but I have run my entire business. I've built my entire business from being a projector from being a ejector ground up. Okay, so I didn't come into it as a different trying to be a different energy type. I definitely had side businesses before where I was an operating correctly and I didn't know about human design and I went into this business though knowing exactly who I was as a projector and created my business from there. There were a couple months the entire thing there was like literally two months maybe that I I wasn't really even making any money anyway, So literally my whole business has been created for me being a projector. So if you in an expander, hello expanded the I know a lot of other wildly successful projectors to who are definitely more cautious who definitely have Bert had burnt out burnout and I've been very aware though. And once they've learned that they are projector have done everything in their power to realign their business and they've done so very beautifully, so there's lots of Out there lots and lots and lots. Okay, next one. It's all projectors right now. I'll projectors function the same. Oh my goodness. No design functions the same absolutely. No person functions the same in our human design. So like I said, there's even three different types of projectors. So even within being a projector where you're going to get broken down into a different energy type as a projector and then from there everything is individualized your centers your channels your guedes if depending what your definition is like. So individualized no single design functions the same let alone and energy type. There are definitely generalizations that are true for all projectors most projectors that are true for most of each of Design Energy types, but definitely not functioning the same as a whole I would absolutely never coach someone as a projector the exact same way. I would definitely would never coach any manifesting generator. The exact same way just because they are my programs are definitely based around certain similarities certain conditionings that really really really need to be broken through in each energy type and that is a lot of the unsexy work that is extremely cross over for all of the types, but definitely no we don't function the same. We're humans. Also remember that. Okay, so next myth. Is that generator? Have a lot of energy. Okay, I really like this question or this myth because generators have a lot of energy for the things that light them up. But there are also humans and this is I think what we forget about human design. It's like people take human design and are like I'm going to be a superhuman now that I'm aligned or that I'm stepping into my design and we're still humans generator still need to sleep and manifesting generators. You still need to sleep. Okay, so it's really important. It's just important that you use your energy that you have in the right way or else you will become Restless. He won't be able to sleep or You're going to feel completely exhausted and burnt out and wondering why you are a generator. And you feel like you have no energy so generators and again, it gets so specific. So a generator that has a very defined chart through their energy centers are going to portray more energy than a generator that has a very open chart. So that has maybe only two centers defined. They are definitely going to need more rest than a Generator or experience more tiredness or less energy than a generator that has maybe six to find. Okay. So again, it goes into the personalization of each design. That's why when you're reading stuff and you're trying to piece things together. It can be very confusing to truly understand yourself unless you have a reading done for yourself. So if you want to book a reading you can do that through Libby or Liz and really understand who you are in your own personal design. So generators you have a lot of energy G to do the thing about lights you up where the things that let you up, but you are going to need rest at the end of the day. It's just important that you are putting that energy towards things that are a hoss for you not to things that are shoulds or I'm just doing it because all right, next one this got intense. We got like 16 replies from this one. Okay, so that those that are sixth line and their profile can't be wise rocking impact. The leaders until at least 50 years old. So for example for six profile, okay, I absolutely love this because I've worked with quite a few sixes and the age thing is very loose anytime that I do a reading for someone. I also explained that the age thing is very loose some people step into out of the third line which goes quote-unquote up till 30 sooner and some take longer some are almost into their 40s. Until they're really transitioning back into leaning back and really watching out and 50/50 Schmidt 50. I find that it's really once you pass again quote unquote 30, so that's a very loose age but moving into the actual sex and not being the three anymore. So your three up until the age of 30 and then you move into a sex. So it's around that point that you really start to shift and I know so many. Any sixes that are in this part in phase two of their six profile that are having a massive impact and it's because of the Leanback it's because of the experiences that you've already gained that you're already seeing that you're already leading others through which is really really powerful. They say that V like once you're in your 50s, it's like you're on the you're able to like fully senior able to like put yourself out there as Leader. So a lot of people might take longer and remember we're in such an evolved state right now where we are. There's so many Incredible cost conscious people who are so aware who are diving into the work who are endlessly doing the unsexy work that are bringing all of their ship to the surface and just collapsing time. I think that's really important to remember too is that we are in a state right now where you can claps time like crazy. So as long as you're doing the work and you're letting it unfold in front of you And moving through the motions of it not ignoring it. You're going to be able to lead people like a badass at any age you're going to be able to be impactful at any age and you may step into a different energy 50 onward again, very loose 50 onward were you're more Forefront and you're more excited to kind of be leading the pack A Little Bit Stronger like I want to do anyone's a stronger but like more powerfully where you're just like Hell, yes, you know you're there. We're right now. It might be like a little bit more of a softer leadership right where you are just allowing people to have their own transformations in your space and really let that happen. And again, this is going to look so different for every single person, but do not limit yourself. If you are getting limited by being a 6 stop it is ridiculous. Just stop like if you're really sitting there and being like well, I can't come into my lead. Worship right now until I hit 50, so I'm not going to do anything about it. And no no you get out there. You do your thing. You shine your light you you speak your truth allow yourself to be seen in your power because you have the power and you are here to lead people you are here to be an incredible leader and role model for other people. So go role model that sixth line. All right. Okay, next one reflectors. The feeling that nothing I'm feeling is mine. Sometimes I want it to be or that I'm doomed. If I end up in low or dense energy environment, okay, this is really cool. Okay, so absolutely things are yours your feelings are yours to as a reflector and that's why it's really important to just be aware of those times and really let yourself explore by yourself. Go have fun by yourself go have really intentional alone time and really learn who you are so that you are very aware of what's yours and let yourself. Have those things those moments those celebrations those fun times that definitely are yours because they are and again, you're a human being you're not an alien and you're here to let yourself experience all of the things and you're meant to also you're not doomed if you end up in a low or dense energy environment. Absolutely not and this is where again awareness is so incredible. So if you were a reflector that maybe had no idea that you were reflector and spent the majority of your life around really low energy density. Environments then yeah, maybe you would be a bit more doomed but you're not you're really aware person who is diving into their design who is understanding who they are. What what how they're affected what environments are good for them what environments might not be the highest frequency and highest vibration. But with awareness Nothing Stops you that doesn't need to pull you down that doesn't need to limit you right actually was talking about this with a client who has an open G Center. She's like same thing. She's like, you know when I'm around these people like I feel like I am, you know not where I want to be and I don't like it and it sucks and it's like, okay cool. You you get to be aware of that and you get to say, you know, this is not my choice. I am aware of how I'm feeling right now. I'm aware of the environment. I'm aware of the people and it's not my highest frequency that I'm operating in right now. It doesn't mean that that is you it means that you're absorbing the energy. That's all it doesn't mean that you are. Mind as that person it does not mean that you are defined as that energy and it definitely doesn't mean that you're doomed awareness is magical awareness is so powerful and allow awareness to lead you again into limitlessness. Not into more limits. Okay? Oh and that I can't make important decisions in less than a month. Okay. I love this the really good. Okay, so you can so this is really important because as a reflector, sometimes you actually just know. No, it is given to you that you have an entire month to make decisions. But again, that doesn't mean that if you know, you know, you know, you know that you have to wait like what is the point in waiting? All right, it's more so because it's hard for a reflector to actually come to a decision. So it's given you're given all of that that time and that freedom and moving through the cycle of the moon. And allowing yourself to be in the Cycles in the different phases to feel the different energies and to come to a decision, but you may come to a decision in 15 days and be ready and why are you going to wait another 30 to another 15 days? You're just gonna be waiting and you're like, okay. Well, I already decided that 15 days ago and I should have just gone writer should have just done it. So definitely again don't limit yourself, but you have to just feel very trusting in your decision. Don't rush it. Don't feel like You're going to rush it, maybe take some time and lean back and almost as an emotional Authority. Right? Like if you have come to a decision and you're like fully confident on it, maybe just give yourself another 24 hours to fill that out. If you're good to go then go. I definitely don't think you need it 30 days. And also that's just very not practical right again remembering that we're humans in 2020 and if this was about moving or this was about a house or if this was about A job opportunity not everything is like, yes, you have 30 days. Get back to me when you're ready. Right? So you just have to feel really good about your decision though. All right, guys, I'm gonna end it here and I'm going to go into part two on Wednesday. So stay tuned part 2 is coming at you if you guys are not in a line by Design you can go there because we're going to be really survey and you guys a lot more and getting a lot of your questions answered from the group. So the more activity in They're the better send you guys so much love and let me know what has like blown your mind from this episode on a line by Design HD. And if you haven't booked a reading and you're wanting to you can book that with Libby or Liz and I'm sending you guys so much love and excitement and fun. And yeah, I'm going to continue this next up so alive by Design.