Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of a sub. conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued forward because people were wanting to do it. What is it that attracts us to mention I believe medicine has a unique proposition that you know, it gives us a lot of unique things. It gives us a privilege of knowing what is going on in our own bodies when we are sick. We know the systems. We know how the, you know digestive system works. We know how the cardiac system works. We know how the respiratory system works. Trust me all this. Are Mysteries to other people and what we know we are all of this, you know, when I am holding my phone today. I actually I know that it's my biceps which is you know, Flex time. We you know, we we know a lot of stuff about our body which gives us a comfort that we know this would that's a privilege that you have as a doctor and you know, you extend that privilege to your near and dear ones by explaining them what is wrong when they are diseased and so and so forth, but with because of this privilege a little bit Also have the responsibility to share our expertise to others. So, you know, what is it that we seek? What is it? You know, it's not like, you know, I believe that most of us medicos we are not seeking money because you know had we been seeking money, you know, we would have gone some other way in the class 11th or 12th. And there are millions of ways to earn money including you know, you could go into stock market you could do a business minions who they but we were not chasing money you were chasing something else. But somewhere down the line, you know, we all get a little confused between what our goal of life is and what what it was and we get confused but I still believe that most of the doctors were there chasing is is Legacy. We want to leave a mark in the society and I think that kind of impact as possible with medicine and you know, when you, you know, treat a patient you actually treat a network, you know when you treat a patient you also help there. Family members their friends, you know, so each person that we treat actually represents a network and you know, when you you know, he'll a part of it you heal the entire network and that is the kind of impact you have as a doctor. So these Road seek money as a driving force in your life or name or fame or it's what Legacy Legacy is like know what would remain of you when you're gone or what would what would be the thing that you want to be remembered for Chase that Seek that Legacy and I also want to take this opportunity to talk to you about. The I also want to talk to you about what really means to me. You know, what is it that I really really like doing. So today I will leave you my for me. It has been different things in different parts of my life. But today I think I feel and I get maximum satisfaction when I teach you nothing replaces the live classroom, you know, so I'm just back from a classroom in Surah that I had great three days with the students. And the kind of the peace inner peace I get after, you know, a great engaged teaching activity with the light cast from there. I think that nothing beats that So, you know, so what what is it that I Seek You Know middle a lot of students would ask I seek I think his legacy is and for me. My legacy would be the when you come back to me and say that she knows or has been of you helped me once upon a time. So when I was coming back from Surat I met this boy who is now pursuing his DM and just ontology. He was getting eight nine years back and I am student then I met another student who was a And ovals and last year's In the Aeroplane. So I think that is the thing that you know, when we touch people's life when we pursue something with all of our heart and that was our Pursuit also is helping others that becomes your purpose. So what happens is, you know by I think that that kind of thing drives you to do more there are two main what I realize now is in life is that Medicine is very unique in its proposed ition where you have, you know, the your profession itself is a purpose because you're serving people you're serving Humanity. So you have that kind of you know advantage and that is what you were seeking initially. I want to reassure you that you're in the right profession. There is a lot to do in this profession right from research to you know, patient delivery methods to entrepreneurship. To teaching I believe there's a lot to be done in this profession. This was saturation coming here. I think we are all blessed and we are all lucky to be in this profession lets you know spend our days I will coming days to create a legacy where I want each of you to be able to create your mark. And this is how you will give back to me. So what I want from all of you, is that why am I spending my time tonight? And so late an hour? Interview people is because I want to you know gain something from you. And what I want from you is I want to you know, hear from you maybe years later, maybe two years later maybe five years later, but I want to be 0 I'll what gives me more satisfaction is if you come back and say so you were a part of my journey, but also that is what I you know, that that is where my legacies and that is where row and I want to be a part of your legacy. I want to be able to push you to achieve your legacy York fulfill your Legend and I want to be that push and I think you know that that is the kind of Invisible Thread all of us are connected with and I am I think I'm very grateful to the time when we started dance and we could get this platform to connect to so many of youngsters over the years and I think It is possible to do great work. And I think you all are this time to do great work because you've already done the right thing by coming into this great profession. So let's stay connected and I look forward to the day when I would meet each one of you or you know any one of you On in some random place and you know, maybe you might recognize me or maybe you might come to me and tell me you're part of the story or tell me about the day when I could nudge you and you know, or maybe push you a little to do something and Achieve something vague and create your own legend. That is what my dream as a teacher is and I wish you all the best and I hope and I wish that you know, my morning pep talks give you the drive that you're looking for. I wish you all the best. If you if you have something to say to me do right back to me on telegram. I look forward to hearing from all of you. Thank you.