Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates. or continue great coverage of all South Carolina sports, but Carolina played for did for sporting events had for sporting events in the major men's sports going on right now and they lost the to baseball games you attended and they lost the one basketball game you attend. So and then one the one baseball game I didn't write. So how do you defend yourself? You know, there was a running with the baseball team last year. There was a running joke that I was a jinx anything. I tweeted and posted would immediately not come to be true. So I think I'm just bad luck. I don't know what that means for my fiance, but I can't wait. You better hope it just for sports enough for me. Yes. I don't know. Maybe they played better. I wouldn't be a bad luck. Maybe if you played better you would they wouldn't be that's that's exactly right. That's the perfect place to start because stopped growing up 90 points. Against Alabama on Saturday night in Tuscaloosa. Now as we talked about on Thursday, this is an Alabama team that plays with an incredible Pace. They shoot a lot of Threes to make a lot of Threes they score a lot of points. But this was a very winnable game for South Carolina. It was one that I had to win to have a realistic shot at making the tournament now, it's going to take a not unprecedented but probably unlikely tournament run. They can still make the NCAA tournament without winning the SEC tournament. They're not quite in the dryer. Straits of their only hope is automatic qualification. But they're at least going to have to win two games in the tournament. Now, they obviously have to win out. They have to beat Mississippi State Tuesday night have to win in Nashville against Vanderbilt. This is one that that's probably gonna stick and Carolina fans heads as much as the Stetson loss. Obviously. It's a better losses quad one loss is just Alabama's a you know, a good basketball team, even though they're only 16 and 13 and just 500 in conference play, but this is one that Carol I could have one should have won and frankly came out firing on all cylinders and looked like they were poised to win this game and then go on a nice little run here to end the season and the second half was the exact opposite. Yeah, I think if you told me South Carolina would be up 22:8 with like ten minutes to go or you know, after the first seven minutes or whatever. It was. I thought you know, I thought this would be a runaway. I thought this I remember turning to the guy next to me and saying this looks a lot like the Georgia game where they build a big lead. and Then just kind of not hold on but you build up enough lead to where those runs don't hurt you and I was wrong I did Alabama. This was South Carolina's defense which has been statistically one of the best in the ICC this year going up against an NBA Style offense not saying that Alabama has a host of NBA Talent OR operate at an MBA level efficiency, but in terms of style of play was an NBA Style offense and they just didn't have any sirs for they kept failing and they I mean they just didn't play well in the second half. It's the Houston Rockets it's threes and it's free throws. It's the most efficient shots in the game. They maximize it again. They've done it to great effect All Season, which is why they have such good numbers number one in the SEC in three-point shooting I think both in three-point shooting percentage and and three-pointers made they're making like 11 threes a game coming into the game and made just nine of them, South Carolina. I guess defensively that a little bit better than average against Alabama, but The fouling just continues to be a sore spot for this team both sides of the fouling, you know, obviously filing too much defensively and then not getting fouled enough not shooting enough free throws for most of the season the last couple games have actually shot a reasonable number of free throws and then continues hit, you know, a really really substandard really terrible percentage of them. So that's kind of been the story of the Season which is terrible, you know, you think about the talent on this team the injuries the UPS the Downs it feels just like really awful to boil. The 2019 2020 men's basketball season in South Carolina down to yeah, they found too much and they didn't make enough free throws. Like if they're not going to make the tournament wouldn't you like for it to be because they're not good enough or because they had too many injuries or because all the other things happened but instead it's like one of the most fundamental foundational pieces of the game the South Carolina through now 29 games just cannot figure out how to get right? Yeah, and that's the frustrating part is that Not only does it make it an absolutely unwatchable product because hope boy within an unwatchable product not for any other reason than fouls that they that the fowls just detract from the game and a lot of those were fouls on South Carolina, but a lot of them the ticket at can check I hate which I hate. Yeah, and that's like partly a problem with college basketball. Yeah. It's not a South Carolina from its college basketball problem. It's a college basketball problem and you've mentioned this a couple times and I'm not saying this to I don't know. This is probably going to sound different than I mean it but this is an instance where South Carolina and Frank Martin the reputation precedes them and in a way that's like severely detrimental. So again, I think that's fundamentally a college basketball problem in South Carolina. They're not going to change the way they play frankly. They shouldn't change the way they play. I had a bunch of people hitting me on Twitter after the game. It's like, okay well point is Frank Martin style of Defense not not work anymore in the modern game because of the way that they call because of how tightly officiated these games aren't it's like Even still I don't know exactly what the numbers are now but coming into the Alabama game even after a bad defensive performance against Mississippi State in a bad defensive performance against LSU or not, Mississippi State against hang on who the LSU and Georgia. No yells you in Mississippi say I guess Mississippi State wasn't a disaster but point is after a couple of subpar by Carolina Standards defensive performances coming into the Alabama game. They were still the number one team in the SEC and defensive efficiency. So you can't say that what Frank Martin just doing doesn't work. They still are but yeah, okay. So they still are even after giving up 90 points in a pretty efficient game to Alabama. This to me feels more like a college basketball problem. We see it all across the country all sorts of teams. All sorts of conferences guys complaining about officiating it seems like Caroline is on the wrong side of it more often than not and so it probably sounds like I'm sitting here complaining about the officiating. I mean, I don't care. I hear a lot of them from fans and I understand it and I actually think that they have a legitimate gripe. I don't like to complain about the officials and it's not it is the officials fault and it's not the official spot Carolina continues to put themselves in positions where they can be called for 29,000 a game. But they also get called for some of the ticky-tack the most ticky-tacky fouls they get caught for more ticky-tacky fouls. I wish there were a staff for that but someone needs to come up with an advanced metric for just like you're going to call that like really just relax like let the game be played and for Carolina fans, it's it's just the absolute worst case scenario. I do think the reputation precedes themselves that they play physical which means they're going to initiate more contact which means more fouls get called and that's not what you see. That's why Frank Barnes teams are so good in the postseason when they get there because refs Waldo us a little bit more. The problem is in the SEC. They don't do you want to hear some really pretty damning statistics, please so Kim pom, which I really enjoy I think they do a really good job of just dissecting things has delivered four factors for factors that if you win these you normally win basketball games good teams. Do these really well effective field goal percentage, which just are you taking a fish and shots and are you knocking them down? Yeah Waits three separately than to see ya can measure Yeah free throw and it doesn't factor in free-throw. It's a smarter way of looking at basketball than just straight up field goal percentage Yeah. Oh, both offensive and defensive turnover rate the rate at which you turn the ball over both on the offensive side of the ball and the defensive side of the ball offensive rebound rate, which obviously means the percentage of offensive rebounds you abilities to pull those in and this one free throws attempted over field goals attempted. The ratio of free throws attempted percentage-wise two field goals attempted the national average. Is 32.6% Okay, 32.6 South Carolina offensive ly is that 37.0. So they're getting to the line which were that's what that means. They're getting to the line 68th and actually pretty good. They are seventh in the SEC pretty mediocre strictly average defensively. Remember the national average is 32.6. 52.5 So that means is opponents are a tip to attempting 52 percent. The number of their field goal attempts on the free-throw line. Yeah and case in point Alabama took forty seven free throws and 55 field goal attempts and even even though Alabama didn't shoot them particularly. Well, I mean 70% which is a fine number not a great number 33 or 47 left 14 points. The charity stripe were still able to win by four. I mean the big Caroline that 16 points the one the free throw shooting battle by 16 Point is out of three hundred fifty three teams. Where do you think that ranks? 353 teams? I'm going to get up Andrea 353. I'm gonna guess 350 350 third. Okay dead at last huh? Yeah and in the SEC it is there 56.8 in SEC play, which is also dead last we can't sit here on a Carolina basketball podcast and blame the officials but when you foul that much and yeah, but Yes. It's a combination right? Well, what's right but is this 60/40 South Carolina's Falls is 60/40 officiating because if it were officiating then we would see other teams with those kinds of numbers all obviously someone's going to be the worst in someone's going to be the best in they're going to be you know, people that occupy the middle ground, but II just can't I watch you know, obviously I watch every game I watch most of them a couple of times and it It doesn't and look I'm like pretty yes, I grew up Carolina fam. If you want to call me a Carolina fan, that's fine. Since I've been in this business. I think I've done a really good job of D vesting emotionally. I'm not emotionally invested for the most part anymore, you know trying to do my best to be objective and things like that and I'm impressed. I feel like I've impressed with myself. I feel like I've done a better job than I ever would have thought I would have paying up in just looking at this. Yeah, the banners hanging on the studio, huh, the banners hanging in the studio Pearson Fowler objective journalist. I guess I definitely don't Myself a journalist, but I like to have some modicum of objectivity but point is when I'm watching this game is there's just so many head scratchers in yes. There are a lot of them. It's first drum fouls, but it just seems like am I still being biased and thinking that Carolina gets a very uncharitable whistle all at the time. I think it's worth 65/35 70/30. We're going to put it in something be in South Carolina's full. They don't put themselves in great situations. They're not. They have they're moving a lot of times and they're just some just dumb. Hey check fouls are fouls what I like to see them not called sure but hey check files are fouls. That's their problem is they just don't make smart foul sometimes and it's an SEC problem because there are two three five teams in plus that at free-throw rate plus 41 percent. Half the SEC is it over forty percent. So it is somewhat of an SEC problem. But it's also South Carolina leading that charge definitely. Well, I'm glad to hear that. There are a lot of other SEC teams that are in that, you know, pretty poor territory and gives the percentage like above the national average. Yeah, because it does that mean it's it's athletic. It's a more physical brand of basketball. There are only two teams just strictly in SEC play. There are only two teams below the average and I'm going to guess those are Kentucky no bias Kentucky was is About three percentage points above the average so they're at what right at 40 35 30. What would you say that national average? 32? Yeah. She does Thinkin 37-32. And Caroline is 52 52 on the season 55 almost 57 in SEC play Holy Cow. All right, the two teams in SEC play that don't foul that much are below the 32.6. Whatever threshold. Jeez. Okay. I don't know I'm not going to guess you have to tell me LSU is one of them. Okay, excellent. Yeah. Texas A&M really 27.3 good job. Good job. Texas ain't don't foul South Carolina. Stop fouling. Yeah easier said than done just stop fouling how much of a difference of that of made this season. Oh massive it and that really that again like I started the podcast saying that and now I'm wondering if like how much I was exaggerating but it really does feel like all things being equal if Carolina shot free throws better and didn't foul as much they would probably be I don't know 21 + 7 right now or 21 no 21 and a half. I mean you could play revisionist history all that. What if they hit the free throws against Stetson and to see but it's amazing to boil it down to that and not oh, well, you know if so-and-so had a good game in this like even even though they've gotten, you know, good and bad games for major loss in they've gotten good and bad games from Keyshawn Brian. They've even gotten a couple bad games recently for Mike coats are you know, German Coos snores efficiencies dropped even despite all that. You don't even have to say if only those guys played better it only so and so on the other team didn't Go off, you know, you know Carlos had a fantastic game and you know, she's going to have a pretty good. Yeah, he's going to have that you don't even you don't even have to factor that out for South Carolina. All you have to do is even out the found numbers in the free-throw numbers and it totally changes the complexion of the season and I think that's made it harder for the fans to swallow that this team is now pretty comfortably staring at nit bit and it's not like they're going to be a top seed in the NIT either. I don't think no and that's the frustrating part because you know, Frank Martin said before the season started. This was his best team and you know what that he's guys. Yeah. He's right is their best team. Um, But the problem is is that you've you lacking one or two really key areas and it comes back to bite you in the ass and fowls are one of them and having to kind of figure and piece things together in the non con with Jermaine. Cusan are obviously not your starting point guard. That's another fun revisions history. You can play what it remains our starting point guard after you know, they come back from Mexico. What if he's starting point guard then so you can make all these kind of arguments. He was in the starting point guard against Clemson or Virginia so worked out. Okay, then yeah. But you can play the revisionist history with a lot of this and they're still chances to be made to get into the tournament and sure not dead. But you're sweating at this point where you're in a season where one or two breaks go your way and you make free throws and you know this You're not sweating. You're an eight or a nine. You can this tournament one other thing is should be pointed out. Obviously. The reason that this hurts South Carolina so much is just because of the math and that's in the battle ever since SEC play started as how do you get to the how do you get to the right number? How do you get to to 0 but and as as right as Carolina fans are to feel bad about this loss because Carolina could have won this game because they should have won this game. If you didn't put Alabama at the free-throw on 47 times. It would have won this game. It's still even though it's bad because you don't get the number. It's not a bad loss. This is still a quad one loss. Yeah, this is ridiculous. They drop two spots and Kim palm and no spots in the net third 63rd in the net. So while you lost your last chance, I guess until cost from the SEC tournament to get a marquee win. This is not a loss that that the tournament hangs over your head. The reason I say this is one that's going to stick with Carolina fans has because it's so late in the season and because of what it means for again just the math of it the other part of us this though Frank Martin said, I remember his after the Mississippi State game or after the LSU game, but he said the one thing that you can't do it was just at the end of the season is a losing streak breather less for they've lost three other. As for the welcome again to Mississippi State team. That is good. Good. Good. Carolina can certainly beat the talent is probably relatively even Carolina is not playing that well right now that's part of it Mississippi State, you know, they only went by three their place, but they could have won by more. How much is Carolina fighting back actually matter. It's hard to beat the same team twice a season. There are a lot of things in play and what guess we'll get to the Mississippi State game, but that is far from a sure thing. Yeah, it's still one that Carolina has to win and then you go. Vanderbilt which is always a weird place to play Vanderbilt's not good Carolina beaten by a thousand last time Vanderbilt has I guess been playing a little bit better. Yeah, lately biggest and Italy and it's still a weird place to play. Yeah, and if Carolina's backcourt doesn't start playing any better or if they keep playing poorly. Anything can happen and I guess with that we'll start with Carolina's guards a jail. Awesome. Jermaine coustarde would just do them together because there's dad's remarkably similar AJ 39 minutes 5 of 15 1 of 5 from 3 did his six of his seven free throws. Nice job three rebounds 2 assists 2 steals, two turnovers finish 17 points German cusan hard 33 minutes. Also 5 15 from the field also one of five from three he hit just one of just three free throws added a also three bounds then have five assists 2 steals. Just the one turnover. Had to play the best even said he could uncover Louis for most of the game Carlos played very well who scored a lot, you know, 716 fine. It's like reasonably efficient not crazy. It just hasn't been enough, right? It hasn't been efficient enough. Jermaine couch nerds scoring is finally dipping like a pretty consistently. He was like right at 16 or 17 a game for a while. And then he was like, oh he got to 15 like maybe 16 a little bit and then now 12 and it just kind of Dipping and we talked about him sort of maybe hitting the Freshman wall and for AJ he's kind of gotten back to his numbers but the efficiency just hasn't yet. You hasn't been there you'd take 12 points from him on four or five shooting rather than you know, 17 points on 5 of 15. It's a cool pad 3 at the end of the game. You just go bad bad three not of the flow of the offense just and he's pressing and I get it and I asked him about it after the game while you took it and he said well, we're down three and we need a shot. I took it and at that. wait, you want him to drive there and kick or see if he can hit and get fouled and do that, but Yeah, he needed more you mean I mean bottom line. You need more from those guys Jermaine scored two more points than Alonzo Frank and played 14 more minutes and took 11 more shots. He's just he's another guy that's kind of he's pressing and teams are slowly starting to figure how to defend him and he just needs to be better about countering that just put your damn head down. I'm And you a note in my phone that I took while I was watching the game and it said Lawson and coustarde look like they were pressing Mike maybe a little bit too. Yeah, I mean you can tell you can tell and it hurts because you see how well those guys play when they're not pressing the other letting the game come to them and it just it makes such a difference. Yeah. 10 of 30 from your back court and look 20 if you get twenty nine point, four major Lawson as you mentioned a jail awesome German Cruiser, that's fine, but it can't be on 10 of 13 shooting. No. No, no, no, no, no and not 2 of 10 from three-point land. Oh God, they've been for as good as they've been shooting the three this season. Oh these last few games. Well in the weird part of it is as a team South Carolina still had a relatively efficient game just just under forty six percent from the field, which is a little bit above their season. Almost thirty six percent from three. They only took 14 of them but knocked down five of their 14 that's better than normally do and frankly, even though 17 and 26 from the stripe is still not good sixty five and a half percent is better than their season average. So all those numbers despite that and despite my codes are also not having a game will talk about him in just a second the team efficiency numbers for South Carolina. We're still pretty good. Yeah, and again could have won this game. This is this is just this is the common frame refrained. We've said this many times. We just spent ten minutes talking about it the difference in Carolina beating Alabama or not wasn't even that ideal. Awesome. Didn't have an official game or the Jermaine Cousineau didn't have an official name or that my coats are didn't have an efficient game or that they were on the road. All of those things happened all of those things. You would normally say, well that's why Carolina lost and I guess in a way it is like if these guys had made, you know, one more shot each than Carolina won the basketball game, but they didn't even need that. That's how The team is they can withstand those kinds of window closes kinds of minutes. Yeah, when you get, you know, pretty decent minutes out of a couple guys with your bench, you know, Jerry Bolden came in and he was for as much as AJ and coustarde look like they were pressing and just tense like Jai your came in and was a freaking cooler like he hit what three of us that he had his first three shots and then four of his first five including three of three from three and I mean looked like he was like, alright guys settle down. I'm here. It's cool. I'm going to put the team on my back. This is going to be like, Virginia, unfortunately. Appeared a little bit in the second half. Yeah, but that's that's the upside of this team is you have you know, it wasn't necessarily this game McCurry found out and 14 minutes had just four points in a rebound that have a dunk always fun when he dunks but He can give you 12 and 6 or gyre can come in and give you 15 or Hannibal can give you you know, eight points in a couple of steals and really good defense. We've seen wilden's vac have good games. We've even seen TJ Moss. I was it against Kentucky. They had like, you know ten points in a couple of assists. Yeah, so that can happen. You don't need a jail. Awesome German Cuisinart to be that good every single game. No, but it just comes down to the biggest margin that South Carolina lost this game because everything else They lost the rebounding battle by 5 that's you know significant but not huge. They won the offensive rebounding battle. They had more system, Alabama 14 assists on 32 made baskets isn't great. But Alabama had just 11 on 24 that eight steals compared to Alabama 6 Carolina had to block spam have three characters from the ball over just nine times, which is great. That's what they need to be doing. They were like the social times too late. TJ. Moss had like two really bad ones like oh, yeah that run in Kerala is just Number whose Cassie picked off the first time and then it was weirdo like the way the TJ Moss just dribbled right into his like I didn't see him and he just like are you gonna give me this basketball? Thank you. I will take this basketball and go score it. Yeah, they won or were comparable in a lot of instances and you know what, you know what the issue was you're shooting a shot by 21 at the free throw line 21 one and they they made attempts. Yes in attempts and they made 16 more shots than you you miss 9 free throws and lose by 4. Just like half of them half of those mrs. Half of those misses and it's over time makes all the difference. Yeah. All right back court not great game. If it had been better. Karen would have won it still didn't even need it. But age and remain they're both going to be back next year. It agent goes pro. It'll be I don't know. We'll talk about that. If that does come to pass and our season postmortem. Yeah might be yeah, what's it kind of feels like this is the flip side if you want to do a little bit of bright side, which I mean there's no real reason to but for as much as we said, all right, just a minute. He's out who's got to step up its got to be Keyshawn Bryant did it. He did it. That's the missing piece three straight double doubles from Keyshawn Bryant. Well, hold on. I'm going to rewind everyone just forget everything that you listen to for the last 25 minutes ready. Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. We said it a couple weeks ago with with just a man died out. All Carolina needed was for Keyshawn Brian to step up get his going up get his rebounding up. Everything else is going to fall into place and this team is going to be getting hot at the right time and you know what that happened three straight triple doubles for Keyshawn Bryant 22-point Double-Double 13 rebounds. What'd I say? You said triple-double? I'm just I'm getting worried the flow into the flow and I was so in the flow three straight double doubles for Keyshawn Bryant 22 and 13 He looks back to normal. His legs. Look good is energy looks good. He's dialed in he only turned the ball over one time and Colin just like you and I said that was the missing piece for South Carolina. They decimate Alabama the win this thing by 15, they're getting hot at the right time. They're going to make the NCAA tournament and they're going to get Jessamine High back with Keyshawn Bryant playing. Well. Well, this is fantastic. This is exactly what Carolina needed that's how this podcast should have started. Yeah. He shine bright 22 and 13. Yeah. That's just a double-double. He wasn't anywhere close to a triple-double. He had one assist added a couple steals. But again, just one turnover. tremendous We thought that was the missing piece now. He's playing well and no one else is holding up their end of the bargain except for Jerry Bolden in this game. You got 32 points from Alonzo Frank and Keyshawn Bryant on 13 of 17 shooting. That's not bad. And you lost the game and 20 rebounds between the two of them. Yeah. Like 32 and 20 on 13 of 17 shooting. That's Prime Jack right there. Alonzo Frank plus Keyshawn Bryant equals Prime Shaq. Yeah, Carolina had prime check on Saturday. They lost, Alabama. and Keyshawn for as much as we're praising him did have that look at The Rim he just I don't know what the hell he was thinking and I think Frank did either that would have tied the game with 29 seconds left. They had opportunities there and that's the frustrating part with him is that he makes all these great plays and he was phenomenal against, Alabama. Before the six free throws to which huge but he still needs to grow into Bethell moment. He's never been asked to be the guy and he's still not on this team and those growing pains are going to see now. It just happened to be in a huge moment with not the season on the line, but pretty damn near close, right and he decided to throw up a floater in his life backboard. No Rim now in his defense. He should be the fourth. By taking yes shot like it is clear that Jermaine coustarde is the clutches player on Carolina team right now. He should be the guy with the ball in his hands if he doesn't have it going or if they're locking them down then it's either Mike or AJ now AJ because he's the highest upside player on your team Mike because he's the best player on your team and has been consistently for the entire season. Even if he didn't have a great game on Saturday. So Keyshawn should be the fourth guy with the ball in his hands in that situation not saying that he shouldn't have made it not saying that he shouldn't have made a better decision because he should have but his growing into the moment. And I mean that would be gravy if Carolina can get that from him. They don't need that from him and it's a shame that they needed it on Saturday because everything else everything else. He did was great. And I think you know the dunk the big rebounds he had 13 rebounds and it always felt it felt like most of the rebounds that he got were big rebounds either in traffic or over someone that was bigger than him or you know offensive rebounds, you know, he had a, you know, a little put back you had a couple pullbacks. I just remember one off the top of my head. But it was everything that you needed from Keyshawn everything that you and I have been saying Carolina had not and maybe would not be getting from Keyshawn down the stretch. He's turned it on. But again just in time for everybody else son, South Carolina to start slumping simultaneously. Yeah, you don't want Keyshawn Brian to be in that situation of you obviously do athletic standpoint wise, but when you have a jail Austin streaking to your at that point, it would have been as right feed that guy. Yeah, and then have him make a play so You need growth is going to come you're going to see growth from Keyshawn From This Moment. The biggest problem was that and the tube just really awful shots that they took late with the Keyshawn Bryant whatever the hell he was doing on the floater and then the loss and like I think Frank Martin called it a step off balance step back fadeaway three right there where the one with like four five seconds. Yeah just bad like throw the damn ball a jagger long and lanky and healing God I can get past somebody what was enough three that point though. Really three-point game over banging. Yeah Drive the ball Drive the ball kick. See I was fine with the shot. Because the situation it was but just look he was going to get but yeah, Frank wanted him to drive in cake and so driving kick and then try to foul and then drive know driving. Kick ya three. Yeah. Okay not driving. Okay, because yeah, I guess if you're driving it a shot you have two seconds left you can still file and I think Caroline had a timeout didn't have learnt a lot less you talk about two time outs of yeah, so they I guess they would have had time to get ready to wow and get a shot. But yeah, I didn't have I didn't have a huge problem with that. It definitely wasn't a great look like I said Frank after the game. Mmmmmm was upset about it. Yeah, the biggest problem though after before that. It was about two minutes to go. drink who starred leading a charge two point game lowers his head turns the ball over smacks you in the face. Yep, flagrant. Foul, Alabama hits both think it's a bunker on the ensuing possession. Two-point game goes to a six-point game. He could just never recover. That's a freshman moment freshman moment growing moment you hope yes, certainly what remains gonna hear about again and maybe again maybe he can definitely like the damn dude in the face. Like he turned the ball over that's fine like it's not but if you turn the ball over you can live with it because you're only still down two with two minutes to go. And I thought they got that one. Right like yeah, like they call fragrance a little too soft. And in the moment like watching in real time. I was like wait, how are they going to go back and review that as and then in Asia the Republic? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was yeah, it was kind of sneaky that I could then if they didn't have replay who totally would have gotten away with it. Yeah, but I mean it happens you can't do it and that cost your team and I think Frank Martin is going to be very very upset with Jermaine about that. He seemed upset with Jermaine about that. After the game a lot of growing pains in this game. Yeah you and I'll have plenty of time to talk about it during the offseason and we mentioned it just for the podcast. It feels like next year with this assembly of talent. Obviously, you're losing my codes are but still the collection of town that you have bringing in seventh Woods the couple of freshmen that you mentioned last podcast. I feel like it's going to be kind of a put up or shut up here and we're going to get to see how much Keyshawn Bryant and Jermaine coustarde and as you also know these guys continue to grow and develop and as frustrating as it is as it is to watch now, Just look at my coats are look at scenarios throw my look at Chris Silva and just trust that, you know, the development will happen if the guys stick around and stay in the program, which is I mean, I don't have any reasonably those guys will leave but that's like the only thing it's like either guys stay at Carolina for four years and get a lot better or Michael Carrera in there or they get sick of it and they transfer out her, you know do whatever but the talent still there. I still really really like when these teams humming like just watching everybody go it's fun. A fun team to watch it's a really talented team and remain still. I don't know maybe my favorite player on the team. Yeah, he and Tre Hannibal they're fun and Jalen those guys are those guys are gonna be good. I'm convinced not a good game and a bad game to have a bad game and to make a boneheaded knuckleheaded play like that from ah from Jermaine. You mentioned Frank if we were to combine his game with Brian's game. We get Prime Shack 19 minutes for 4 from the field made half his free throws to a for seven rebounds finished. Ten points just one turnover did have four fouls. That's what's going to happen with Frank seems more comfortable now in the starting role, you know a couple of good games for Frank here now after several bad games. Yeah obviously wasn't gonna score 22 again this game but to get to 10 and 7 in just 20 minutes, like that's that's the upside of what you should expect to get out of Lawns or Frank as a starter. Yes, that is what he's missing. Yeah. Yeah, that's what you need from him. You need to tread water with him and he gives you that boost off the bench ideally. You would want him off the bench, but when he's given you that he can help you tread some water a little bit to allow some rotation time with Jalen who played really well and wilden's not play really well against Alabama. No, not the admittedly tough matchup. Yeah. Oh, yeah, which makes it I mean on the one hand. It's like, oh wow, it's nice that Frank got to that because Alabama plays fast and you know, they try to spread you out and things like that that does give Frank a little bit of Mismatch on the inside but it makes sense for Rebecca McCreary. Just not really their kind of game, you know query certainly more than love X. That's why he played a little bit more in did a little bit more but that's the other thing about this Carolina team that has been interesting to watch all year. We've talked about the depth and the times when it has helped Carolina and the times when it's felt like even despite all the bodies, they're still a little bit short-handed, especially with Maya being injured and some other guys missing games at different points of the season, but their ability to be very very versatile. Like there are games wouldn't make sense for wilden's of act to start and play 17 minutes and there. There's times when it makes sense for him to play eight minutes or 5 minutes or whatever. Yeah, and they've had the flexibility to do it. I think this season is going to sting a lot because there was so much potential because Carolina could play a lot of different ways because they had a lot of talent had a lot of young guys. They had some veterans. And mostly because of free throw shooting and I guess for some other reasons too. It didn't really go Carolina's way this year again, we're doing our moratorium maybe a little bit early because the seasons not over they could go on an improbable run in the SEC tournament or something like that. But there's just there's a lot of potential here. There's a lot of upside now fortunately most of that is going to be back for next year. So Frank Levesque McCreary, those are going to be the three bags getting the most minutes who's starting who's coming off the bench what exactly that looks like remains to be seen, but from a query it's been a good freshman year. For Levesque, it's been a solid freshman year up and down but the amount of time that he's been asked to play has varied wildly from game to game and for Frank this, you know ten and seven and twenty minutes on efficient shooting is kind of what we expected to see earliest what I expected to see from him all year. So it's nice that after a rocky most of the Season he is sort of rounding into what we thought his sophomore form would look like by the end of the season. Yeah, and they're running stuff for him to get him a little more comfortable. He's playing more confident and he does that then you feel good about what you're getting from him in the tournament against bigger guys and you hope it kind of sticks because if so then good for him yeah Mike coats are just 27 minutes which I couldn't figure out so he picked up his second foul with like six minutes to go in the first half so that cost him a few minutes there yeah towards the end of the half but I mean other than that didn't have a great game 3 of 9 shooting was pressing and yeah eight points three rebounds 2 assists he still didn't turn the ball over over but he got rarely out physical hmm they out physical to him and that was the frustrating part I think Frank said after the game herb Jones who playing with one hand Holden more rebounds with one hand that Mike coats are did too and made more free throws than everyone on South Carolina's team except for AJ Lawson. He had they made the same amount of cash on he made for and played all 40 minutes. He took more free throws than Jermaine Coos nard. Then everybody except for Keyshawn AJ. Yeah, and he Shawnee tide. Yep. So but channel is the Russell. I guess Bill Russell used to shoot free throws one-handed. Yes. Maybe that's what he was going to be made the end. The fact that he was out be able to rebound my coats are by a very substantial margin. My codes are had three three rebounds Woolf and her Beau Jones had nine triple them out definitely pressing. It also felt really feel like the first time this season because Mike's had a great year and people people have known it like he's been playing well enough for long enough now that people understand that that's the engine of the South Carolina basketball team. But it felt like this was the first game that people were really like, okay, don't let my get his looks. Yeah, it just felt like they were King on him a little bit more and letting everybody else work around Mike and it worked and I mean that's the blueprint one of the other notes that I wrote down watching the game. This is this is sad. We haven't said this in a while, but it's worth revisiting but for a while I felt guilty saying it's not good if Mike is the best player for South Carolina this year because he was playing so well, it's like this should have just been a boon for this team. But now the reality is sort of setting in and he's still having a great year and I don't say this to diminish the way that Mike's playing the way that he's played outstanding senior year that he's had but the reality is 2019 2020 the MVP. Of the South Carolina basketball season has been Mike coats are and now that we're right at the end of the season turns out we were right to think that that wasn't necessarily a good thing for this basketball team. Yes, no no offense to Mike. No. No Mike's done a phenomenal job in the fact that he's in the running for defensive player of the year just speaks to how good he is, but you need the pieces around him to be better and when they're not then you're seeing what's happening. You're seeing a team that's lacking consistency at times like in the ability to knock down shots. What Alabama did was pack the paint said? Alright, Mike if you're going to come in you're going to come in here and you're gonna get hit and they didn't have any answer for that and they try to kick out and shoot Threes And when they did great and they hit them, but they just didn't do it at a consistent pace which is why they got out to a such a great leader. I think they had like five of the first six shots and got into this huge lead and just never responded after that. It was what 11 to 1 and 15 to 3 22 and 2 8 and then NATO's gets Tech total John Calipari move. Yes, get attack in immediately Alabama goes on a 13 to 3 run this part Frank Martin needs to get more tax. I'm amazed that he doesn't get more already. Yeah, he was working the official pretty hard as he does. He even have a tech this year. I don't think so. Definitely not in conference play like maybe an ankh on that's so long ago. I can't remember but that always works my roommate and I were talking about this he I guess we were talking about all the Kentucky games the John Calipari has gotten thrown out into of them they won even though socks. is up by a bunch and then he remembered one that I'd forgotten the Carolina was like up by 20 when Calipari got tossed and then Kentucky came all the way back and didn't quite win but it's a great motivational tactic and it really I really I don't know if there is causation or if it was just correlation, but I just thought it was funny like at noticing that at the time and then when I went and watched the game again this morning, I was like, I'm going to keep track of I'm gonna keep track of what exactly happened afterwards and I was like a manager getting tossed in the baseball. Yeah, it was 11 to 1 and then thank each and maybe had a bucket. No, like I was going to end the rod and then they had a another bucket to push it to 13 to 3, but and it was it was a 3 and then it was Miss shot from Carolina Alabama scored and then overturn a turnover and then it was The Bold and turnover and I think that was the I was like nine right there. They Alabama can score in a hurry and and that's all that and yeah the lead it was amazingly just evaporated. For Carolina, so it was it was really unfortunate not much to say about Mike. Just not a good game still had an awesome year shame. He had played more up to his standard that would have been the difference we can say that about AJ you can say that about Jermaine. But again, I think it's better and more appropriate to just say it was all because of the free throw shooting. That's the best way. Yeah, you miss get out shop by 21 and then they take almost 17 my half as many they make almost. Half as many as you make hmm, did they make more than South Carolina attempted? Oh, yeah. Yeah the make 33 Quran its him to 26. They made more free throws than Carolina made field goals. Yes, that's not that's not great. Because again Carolina shot a pretty decent percentage on Saturday. So great. We talked about some of the bench guys wilden's not a great game Jalen kind of whatever found out in 14 minutes. Try Hannibal freshman wall did have three assist didn't turn the ball over like cleaner minutes. Then he has played played some pretty decent defense on Kyra Louis when he was in there, but didn't play a ton just 10 minutes and he didn't check into what three four minutes left in the half. Yeah teach him also the first card off the bench right him and bouldin with her and Vos just played the that one minute and then turn the ball over and never saw the floor again TJ Moss with another one of his will do. So the end of the season we'll have we're going to we're going to blow it out at the end of the season just all the numbers all the stats. But TJ Moss has had so many of these games one minute. No field goals know anything else except for one turnover and sometimes you got an assistant there, but not great. But Jay are good games. I hear a good first half Tire. Tell you yeah, he checked out here also cooler. Like it felt like things were settling in for Carolina because gyre came into the game he hit all those shots and despite Alabama going on a couple runs there in the first half South Carolina was still able to weather the storm and held on to a two-point lead. Yeah going into halftime. You're like, okay cool. They weathered the storm. They probably should have more of a lead at this point because of how well they played early and how many shots album was missing but you're certainly in it. And then it was just the runs late that South Carolina was not able to withstand in that was the difference in his defense has not been great. This year and that was the reason why he didn't play as much of the second half when he did it. He made one good defensive play. Did he strip somebody or force a jump ball or it was a steal? I don't remember and I feel like it was Louis. So it was almost like it was an accident. He was not the primary Defender. He just whoever was a tripling they switched and all of a sudden he's there. Yeah. It was either that or just like help defense. I don't know he made one good defensive play and I was like, whoa, that was cool. Yeah, his second half is not great. So in the first half awesome for Joy your bowling alley. Points for five shooting 3 of 3 from 3 1 rebound no assists two personal fouls 12 minutes pretty alright switch want from him pretty alright. Yeah, he gives you that of course of a game phenomenal and if he gives you like that kind of thing over the course of the season next year because look I mean we've talked about how my co-stars not coming back pretty much the rest of the starting lineups going to be unchanged is going to be drink. Richard is going to be a jailhouse and it's going to be Keyshawn Bryant you stick just a man died back in the fold and then we'll probably wilden's will be the starter or you know, there's some flexibility there be point is your one through three are pretty settled which means gyre he's gotten a half a season to rep coming off the bench. He's not even close to the defender that hasani was by the time he finished it South Carolina, but in terms of a guy that can come off the bench and stroke some threes and score some points for you seems like he could have some six Man of the Year consideration here and he's got what two more years to play Carolina has. All right, because it one year it George Mason or George Washington or wherever he played? He's Richard jr. Yes. He's actually he's got two more years of play. Oh, no, next year's is an extra tube usually played two seasons and then transferred in and played this one year and then has next year. Okay, cool. Yeah, so Kirby was let me double check that as I say that the point is it's nice to see him in that role. Yes. He's a junior this year. He still has some games where it's where it's nothing but it seems like lately. It's he looked a little more comfortable. And if he can live in that like 8 to 12 and every once in a while give you like a 15 or 18. That's perfect. He's like he's exactly the kind of guy that you want coming off the bench and that's yeah, that's good for Karen had another good game. Anything else would you touch me? I'm a game other than it was very very disappointing. South Carolina can only finish this high as fourth now in the SEC. Yeah, but that's not the end of the world. No. No, it's better for them to play on Thursday because they said they needed many games as possible today to win. Can they especially request a play on Wednesday? Yeah. I know he finished fourth but can we forgo both of those buys because Florida right now is that tin wins or yeah, 10 wins in the SEC and surprising lost this weekend. Yes, Tennessee. The SEC is setting up that the teams that South Carolina needed to win one. Which good for them. Yes Health Care line is currently 9 and 7 in the SEC. They are. If they went out Mississippi State at Vandy that would put them at 11 and 7 which is no good. Yes, Mississippi state has South Carolina and Ole Miss left. So let's say let's split those they will also be 11 and seven South Carolina wins out Florida loses out and Mississippi State splits, South Carolina will be your for CD. Wow, I had long given up on that being a possibility for South Carolina. But I guess the way the tiebreakers would fall because South Carolina the way it works tiebreaker wise obviously head-to-head, but if they split Mississippi State that's obviously wanted one and then the tiebreaker after that isn't it record versus the top seat of the term breath Carolina is one and against Kentucky. Okay, Mississippi state is Owen won against Kentucky, huh? Easier said than done but I don't think anyone's really Florida lose another game Loser on they need Florida lose out because their tenants and they got Floyd they have the type T in Georgia at Georgia. First the net than home for Kentucky Anthony Edwards. And then I mean Kentucky's Kentucky still going to be battling for police eating. Obviously that SEC seating they lock those weekend. But yeah, so like doable you gotta win first, which has been a problem the last two weeks for, South Carolina. Yeah, right, but three of their last four, yes, but there's obviously a change there they could seriously, I mean, I haven't done the in-depth in depth, but there's a possibility that South Carolina can finish fourth. There's also possibility finished night. It's just it's so there are literally one two, three, four, five six teams of all within two games of each other, right? Yeah. The SEC is absolutely bizarre am am Alabama and Tennessee all with eight, South Carolina. 9 and then Mississippi State and Florida both it. This is the last week of the regular season you and I should be able to sit here and be like, this is probably what the SEC tournaments going to look like in here's who South Carolina's gonna it's no no idea. We know who the one seat is. Yep, and we know who the 14 seat is and everything else wildly up in the air. I mean, there's you got the standings in front of you. how many T it South Carolina is Tennessee Florida it's Mississippi stubborn it's Alabama A&M Mississippi state did I say Tennessee are we what are we doing like all those teams are going to finish 5 through like could very easily finish five through 10 there's like eight teams vying for those five spots yeah well like Auburn and floor and LSU Auburn LSU Florida Mississippi State are all kind of like I said they're not finished 10 but maybe anywhere from two to six six yeah they're kind of that five see there the five teams vying for the double buys yeah but could also finishes love is like six realistically maybe 700 it's all it's all so volatile it's crazy these I've just been looking forward to having like one more like after tomorrow you kind of get the idea that all right things are actually going to start making a little bit more sense now we'll know it South Carolina needs to do for the term for like the tournament but we say that and then Who knows who knows? It will start with Mississippi State regardless Tuesday night. We're recording this Monday morning. So happy early podcast for you're welcome. Yeah. You're welcome. And that's a something o'clock tip. It's a 6:30 tip. Good job, Carolina would have relatively early tips. Now you'd sorted this not a 16-hour game like Georgia the Georgia game that was over time. So there's a little bit of excuse there, but Mississippi state's coming in before we talk about the Bulldogs. before we leave Tuscaloosa, officially Did you find the barbecue or did you go with Chris Gillespie did have fun he found it so you did not go with Chris. No, okay, if we don't find the barbecue, come on, well, sometimes you don't get to because you're with Chris I found it. Okay, I found it and I enjoyed every day a minute. All right, so tell me about it for Tuscaloosa. Oh, you found multiple barbecues. Well, I just wanna make sure we're talking about Tuscaloosa. Yeah. Well, did you eat barbecue in Birmingham? / known over? Okay. All right. Yeah, it's all about Tuscaloosa. It's called Archibald's and Woodward's Archibald's and Woodward's. Yeah. It's it's the name of the restaurant and it is outside of Texas the best barbecue I have ever had what is my second time having it okay she's like better yeah so what kind of barbecue is it pulled pork good can do a different you can do different stuff but it's Alabama I'm going pulled pork here so LM is mostly I know very little about yeah yeah they do close to Texas I've ever closer to Texas in the Carolinas yeah figured it would have been more brisket do you think you could get brisket it's like a rib town it's a ribbed is ripped on that yeah But they also do pulled pork but the white sauce they do white sauce. I'm not a huge fan of white sauce. Is that mayonnaise things? Like what is it? Is it I'm not sure you me my I have people in my life that like it and I'm them. I just I don't I've never had nothing cremate him. But they do have a phenomenal vinegar hot sauce base good barbecue sauce, and it was just so that's what you did. Did you try the white sauce or did you just avoid didn't give us white sauce? That's that's normally typically Alabama stuff. So yeah, they they start off. They slept three pieces just white bread on. The this plate they take about half a pound of barbecue. And just put a lot up. Yeah, three more pieces of bread on top and then douse it with sauce and then three more bread pieces of bread on top. I was hurting and a variety of pickles. I got pickles. I believe pickles and you can cornbread wow cake or bread. So besides not great. If you're on a low carb diet. Yeah not great. If you have a basketball game to come that night God it was what size did you get America? I got the plate. It's just it comes in one size and they just no no sighs sides sides. Yeah fries and collard greens who are the college They're okay. Basic hard sweet cards that were spicier. They were kind of bleh and I'm not gonna lie. I really I think they tried to go spicy and it just didn't work. I just dropped mine and vinegar. It's my go-to. Yeah, and the fries were fries. Yeah. They were good fries. Okay. All right cool. I'll save the fries for last because the sauce was Pretty hot. Not hot but like kind of stuck with you. Okay, so I saved the fries for last as a little cooler as I can like the the bread to kind of soak up some of yeah, that's good. Oh it was so awesome. I'm glad you found it. I haven't had barbecue in a while and listening to your barbecue Adventures makes me jealous and happy to experience your barbecue Adventures vicariously the last time I had like really good barbecue. This right? Yeah, I think the last time I really good barbecue is when I went to Houston we flew into Houston to drive to a.m. 4 a.m. Game. We stopped at a place called Blood Brothers Barbecue which had seen for a while and they have a little bit of an Asian fusion thing, which is phenomenal and it's not over the top. It doesn't get in the way. It's just a perfect complement and it's one of those things where you're like, wow, why didn't I think to do this with barbecue? Yeah, it's not. Yeah. I know some people are like very very very rare. I don't you know, I don't want anything touch my barbecue and then like that. It's not it's not a weird way. It's just it's a way that frankly if I just gave you the barbecue and most of the dishes and was like eat this no one would know now they do the did have a like a brisket fried rice just like the most overtly like Asian Cuisine influence, but I always judge barbecue based on the sides. I operate in that sphere really because I mean, yes, it's phenomenal to Get good well-done meat which I did not well done but meat that's yeah. Well done. Well, yes, none of that drop it in wherever you can it's not hard to smoked meat. It's hard to smoke me exceptionally, but at Pope work is still good pulled pork. It's like the pizza thing. You can save it with sauce. Yes. You can save it with a very good sauce, I guess. Yeah, so I judge it on sauce. Hope we don't have to save it. But yeah, I do. Judge it on sauce, obviously. Also judge it on the sides. It takes some skill to make good collards it takes skill to make good baked beans and take skill to make good mac and cheese. All right, I think you and I will have to agree to disagree on that in terms of how we judge it, but I think you and I should also. Endeavour to know maybe do a barbecue podcast in the offseason like do local joint stomach because I don't know if you knew this about me Colin Taylor and I don't know if I've mentioned this on another Gamecock Central Podcast network podcast, but back in my college days my roommate age and I had a long weekend like winter break or something like that. I don't know what it was something we had like a Friday and a Monday off. Yeah, and we're like, okay we should do something fun this weekend. It was senior year. So we were just trying to make sure that we didn't spend a single second of Our Lives not indulging in some way. Well, let's do a little barbecue tour of the Carolina. So we started in Furman. So we were up in Greenville South Carolina and we drove down to the coast down Holly Hill South Carolina stopping my favorite barbecue place of all time. So weapons barbecue. I have a very fun story about going to sweatman's but I will say that and let you continue. Okay? Well, yeah. Well, we're well, let's we're gonna do a barbecue podcast this this summer so it involves me almost breaking up with my now fianc. Oh, really? Yeah over barbecue. I hope no not barbecue. So we were going to hold on save it. We're going to save it for the Barbeque Pit. Yeah, it involves me almost breaking up with my okay. All right, that's it. That is a phenomenal T's we're going to do this in the summer. Yeah, basically went down to the Low Country drove all the way up to Greenville North Carolina over to like Raleigh Durham Chapel Hill area and then back down through like Shelby North Carolina went to like seven barbecue places in three days and a bunch of barbecue. So that inspired me to eat more barbecue and eventually want to write a barbecue book and maybe it'll first take the form of a barbecue podcast that you and I can do the summer. But like I'm glad that you found the barbecue in Tuscaloosa. Y'all look forward. The barbecue podcast on the Gamecock Central Podcast Network. We're leaving Tuscaloosa now coming back to Colombia where South Carolina is hosting Mississippi State. Yep, to whom they just lost two weeks ago, but are given a 56% chance to win by can pop home court significant and the matchup that says is between two similar teams like Carolina and Mississippi State now, even though they only lost that game by three Mississippi State probably could have put it away a little more convincing than they did there by nine at halftime. They're up by 12. With the couple minutes to go Carolina came back got a good game from coats are again did not get great games from AJ or Jermaine dream is fine. Yeah, but not super duper didn't get a whole lot from Frank. That was so important wasn't playing. Well, there's a pretty clear roadmap here. Now, you can't count on Mike to score 24 again. Whether still a comfortable roadmap here for South Carolina to win this game. They absolutely have to rebound the ball, right? Yeah. We'll have you have to Rubble. Yeah, but more than anything. I just want to know what this team looks like in. so we've talked about how resilient this team has been for most of the Season both in a micro level and on a macro level you know on a micro level and tough games and stuff happens there's an obvious you're not gonna do it every time because even the mentally tough as best team in all of Sports at any level you're not going to withstand every single run every single you know uppercut that another team throws at you but sock yarn has done a pretty good job of that this year and then even on a bigger scale when they've lost guys for stretches when Justin and I went down South Carolina after responding poorly against Mississippi State rattled off a couple of impressive wins I want to know how they respond because in that locker room. They've got to be thinking pretty much the same thing that most South Carolina fans are thinking right now, which is well, that was our chance not like we blew it but you missed it you missed a bishop a chance there. This will be a quad to in right now. Yeah, then get a quad to win which they don't actually have a lot of have a lot of quad ones and a lot of quad 3 and quad-core. Let's see Arkansas is probably a quad to right now actually still quad one. It's still quiet one. I guess I was on the road. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Now the fact that it's on the road. So I haven't updated net rankings amas. I haven't updated in a few days Clemson still Clemson to quad one. Now Florida is a quad to loss. Am on the road is quite to win. They never home. Quad three win. Yeah and after that. Georgia on the road. Can you see it home caught two one? Okay, that's their last Squad to win. So the only have like three called to alright, so yeah, you have to get it by mad ones. It's not like what you put on the top of your resume, but it's something else that you need to round out your resume as it were but again more like even more than what happens in this game in terms of the final score because you know, we kind of know where we are right now. Yeah in terms of on the outside looking in to what this Carolina basketball season is going to end up being about how does this team respond will show will show us a lot you talked about Jermaine needing the grow from some of those moments late in the game same with Keyshawn, you know, all these guys how do they respond to that kind of adversity? How do they respond when the cards are down? That's what I'm going to be curious to. See I said Mike's not going to score 24 again, but after having eight and being the senior on this team and probably not wanting to go out onto the window on senior day. Maybe there is a little bit of Mojo there again, you can never count on twenty four and seven from Mike even as well as he's played this year, but Yeah, what does Carolina need to do differently? That was the difference in the Mississippi State game last time? Rebound, I mean rebound the bowl don't don't foul. They contain Reggie Perry, but they also gave up eight offensive rebounds and nine defensive rebounds that won the rebounding margin but Mississippi State can get that you got to contain and play be better on the ball. I mean when you look at what Weatherspoon and I'm looking at the stats and 18 on five attention. Yeah and Stewart had a lot of points as well 16 points on 3 of 5 shooting that can't happen again. You have to be able to contain their guards and if you could do that and Mike obviously Gets to the point where he's defending Reggie Perry get in a high level. Then you have some good things going for you. Yeah, I mean, this is your this is your last one because for Mike he's not going to cement his SEC Defensive Player of the Year SEC first team. Resume against Vanderbilt. No, you know if Jermaine maybe had a case you can say okay, you still got savingly left to play. But this is this is Mike's last chance to have a really good high-profile game against right a guy that's in the running for SEC Player of the Year. Not just Defensive Player of the Year and Reggie Perry. And as you mentioned just two of eight in the last game 10 points and seven turnovers, even though he did grab ten rebounds did Perry but that's another fun matchup to watch in Mike one that resoundingly so is this a Revenge game for Perry? Is this an opportunity to make them bounce back to bounce back from his Game on Saturday lot of factors here. Yes the thing that's I guess maybe a little bit troubling is Carolina again despite losing my three and despite being down by a lot more and they could have lost by more. They did shoot the ball. Well, they shot over 48 percent from the field 29 of 60 and they shot the three through as well 14 of 19 of a three-point shooting was a little bit down twenty three and a half percent before of 17. That's the difference in like one or two made threes in terms of that being a more regular percentage. But Mississippi State also shot the ball incredibly well and got a lot of really really they shot 50% and it didn't feel like they had a crazy shooting. They got a lot of really good looks that game. So defensively South Carolina needs to be a lot better than they've been for frankly the last four games ya know. They've been I mean when you allow season-high 116 points per pound per 100 against Alabama, you need to tighten some things up and obviously points and points the line help with that for Alabama, but You can feel better on ball you can and if you're not then you're mean you're SOL. You're completely Soo. 6:30 the Colonial Life Arena Tuesday night, which means South Carolina has a little bit more rest. Yes before they go to Nashville that they need it and frankly. You probably want a little more rest in between Saturday's game and the Mississippi State game. Although you're always coming back home. So that maybe makes things a little bit easier for South Carolina anything else to watch out for against Mississippi State. It's kind of weird. Again. This is a I guess the fourth of five times we will be doing a preview for a team that South Korea has already played and just sort of a what can you learn from the last game but anything else we need to You know, I thought they played pretty decent offensively against Mississippi State when we come back on Thursday will again everything so up in the air and they'll still be one game which could shift probably still a ton of things, but we will have a clearer picture of what the SEC tournament will likely look like so we can give you a little bit of a preview of where shop Crown is going to fall and that the first is that considered a postseason tournament or end of season to get postseason. All right School Carolina's got postseason play this right like they do every year. But so far the people complaining the Frank Wright never make the postseason. Yeah, i--'cause I don't really think of the SEC tournament as postseason play because I feel like postseason play something after qualify for it's more like an end of the season. It's like a it's like a coda kind of but anyway, so we'll have a clearer picture for you on what the SEC tournaments going to look like as well as software shaft. Corona is in the net and depending on obviously how the Mississippi State game goes what their likelihood of still making n-c-double-a tournament? And if not, we'll go ahead and start to look at potential seeding. Maybe even the NIT. I don't really want to look at nit likes eating projections because that sounds like the saddest thing ever but I've had to yeah well we'll probably do a little bit of that on Thursday so thank you all for listening don't forget to rate review subscribe to the Gamecock Central Podcast Network read Colin on Gamecock central.com and follow me on Twitter at Colin Taylor with the why I guess today you will have up your how Carolina beats Mississippi State and y'all can certainly still read what we learned from the South Carolina Alabama game will get an update today is Monday we'll get an update here in about two hours from Frank Martin oh just a minaya who will see a doctor this week mmm so excited yeah South Carolina's gonna lose to Mississippi State and they're going to lose a Vanderbilt and then they're going to get just him and I back in they're going to run the table in the tournament and yeah get an automatic bid which sure just be silly yeah sure I mean we said the beginning of the Season don't bet on Carolina like everything's unpredictable you getting fresh just a minute you get fresh legs just a brush like if he plays if he plays which stay tuned to Gamecock country.com you'll have that as soon as it's posted actually probably have it on your Twitter frankly before you can even get it up on the exact central.com well that's immediate you have it up on Gamecock Central as quickly as possible do not tweet that out before you write the article know you write the article man get the clicks but your live tweeting from the press conference not live tweeting all all the time are you not II feel like I get a lot of good updates from you from the press conference I guess I'm not watching sometimes okay I don't like live tweet every quote like some people do but now some people but something pertinent like that you think you're right that article before you tweet it yeah okay all right well then y'all don't look at Collins Twitter feed no look at which would have Angry tweet me I get a lot of angry to get a lot of angry tweets all the time it's all good but anyway yeah by the time you listen to this frankly South Carolina will probably understand given an update on what to expect from just when I have the next couple weeks follow on Twitter icon Taylor follow me up here some power thank you all so much for listening happy Monday go to Carolina game on Tuesday and we'll talk to you again on Thursday