Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnetHi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on very basic.Basic surface level stuff but we often explore what I like to call the deep end of the pool and somewhere kind of in the middle of that is where I talk about attachment Theory attachment Styles. Okay. This is a very relatively new idea in Psychology and many of the therapists even today have no understanding of this stuff yet. It's only just starting to get to the Forefront of what Therapists psychologists psychiatrists are starting to look at in fact the big conference last year attachment theory was a huge component of it and I think really the main focus of the whole conference. So I've been studying this for quite some time now and one of the things that I do and Margaret do is we look at attachment when we're trying to figure out a break up because you have to understand attachment if You gonna understand anything about a breakup, right? Because attachment is the very essence of love right there. It's together. It's hand-in-hand and not everybody attaches the same way now if you're new to the channel, you may still be just starting to understand this stuff. But really the first two to three years of our life are the absolute most Critical and I don't care what anybody believes I'm telling you. The research is showing it more and more and even they're getting to the point where they can literally show brain activity in development and the based on the level of attention and the quality of the relationship that we have in our with our parents in those first couple of years literally affects brain development. And I was just watching a video last week. That was really interesting. You could actually see it happening. So the level of attention that they gave you and their emotional response to you in those first years are really really critical and they have a direct correlation to how we are in our adult romantic relationships. Now. I was very skeptical about this for a long time and even Margaret. I will tell you I used to argue with her about this. I just didn't see it and the more and more I looked at it for years the more I realize it's absolutely true. And so there are you know, different attachment Styles. Obviously the healthiest one is called secure attachment. And those are for the people that got a lot of love and attention their needs were met. And so you feel secure in your relationship. There's a lot of Differences at about the amount of Statistics out there and who's secure who's insecure? I don't know. My personal feeling is I probably feel like less than 50 percent of the population has a real secure attachment style. Now, if you're not secure, that means you're insecure. Okay, and I know some of you are like wait, what are you talking about? This is absolutely critical to understanding not only yourself but your partner because many of you out there watching this have had attachment injuries have had attachment trauma in your childhood could have been a loss of a parent may be at the early divorce. Maybe you were raised by grandparents. A lot of those things impact us on a deep level. And so you might have an insecure attachment where maybe you're anxious and you're always afraid of Abandonment or maybe your avoidant and you don't like Closeness or connection and so today I'm going to be talking a little bit about the avoidant attachment style. Okay, because there's a very good chance that you have dated an avoidant, either your current X or a previous X and you have to understand them because if you're anxious, they're probably very different from you in many ways. Okay, the the person with the avoidant attachment style often feels smothered or trapped in a relationship. And so you're looking for that connection and that love and that feeling of togetherness and that feeling makes them feel uncomfortable. Okay, it seems bizarre, but for them, it's just too intense not everybody likes. The same level of intensity in a relationship. Okay. One of the things that I've considered doing is maybe coming out with some kind of class our digital class about to get into more of this with worksheets or workbooks. So if you guys are interested in Margaret night developing something like that, make sure you leave comments something really in-depth to help you guys because it would it would be something different than than what we do with in the videos now. When you start to learn about attachment Theory, you're often sitting back there thinking. I don't know what my partner is. I don't know if they're anxious and I don't know if they're avoiding yet. It takes time. And that's one of those things that we talked about in the Skype and I can help clear that up for you because when you're going through a breakup, everything can be confusing right? I mean, you're just so overwhelmed and it's very difficult to think clearly. So when we talk about your relationship I can get into more of those things. With you today. I got a situation where I've got somebody that realized after they sent me the email my email and maybe they're dating and avoided and let's take a closer look at it and see what's going on here. Now the guy in this email is 40 years old. Okay, and the girl is only 20 now sometimes age doesn't matter. Right, sometimes it really doesn't but sometimes it does and when we're looking at a difference of a 20 year old and a 40 year old. There's a lot of major differences here. Okay, because when you're 20 years old, you're barely out of college when you're 40, I mean many people when they're 40 have already been married and have kids. So that's a big difference. You know, if it's a 30 year old in a 50 year. I think there's not quite as many differences there right because 20 and 30 you've had a lot more life experiences. You've gone out you've been into the workforce. You may be gone to college. You've had a lot of long-term relationships. Whereas when you're only 20 you really haven't dated many people or had many long-term relationships. Right? I mean, it just makes sense. So 40 and 20 is a big age Gap, but I think there are other things going on here. Here that have just as important of an impact to this situation. Okay. Now they dated for it looks like about eight months or so, and he said that he is a photographer and he actually sent me some of his work to look at and it was really interesting stuff and he seemed to be really proud of it like it's not like smutty stuff. It was like artistic. So he seemed really proud of that kind of stuff and that's I guess how he met her is doing the her photography. He was tell me a little bit about her and he said that she was raised or her parents were divorced when she was seven years old her father left the family. So that would have a big impact her mother raised five kids by yourself. And that is quite a challenge. Can you imagine raising five? kids by yourself That would be an incredible amount of work and what level of attention can you really give your kids if there's five of them and one of you because if there's one of you it's hard enough just to take care of the food the cooking the cleaning and basic, you know, running of the household let alone giving individual attention, right? So he goes on to say she knew we had an age Gap from the beginning. Obviously, how could she not but said it didn't bother her and at the time it probably didn't ironically at the end. She said she wouldn't know how to introduce me to her family and we should end the relationship when we still loved each other. Well, that would be really frustrating because she seemed upfront and know to be okay with things from the get-go and now all of a sudden she's saying, I don't know if I can introduce you to my family and you're like but wait a minute you said this was okay. That would really hurt and it would be really confusing to. He goes on to say that when she broke up with him. He was calm. I told her that we couldn't be friends and to reach out to me if she changed her mind, so he handled that part. Well, right he wasn't going to agree to just being friends when he didn't want that. He said that the two biggest problems in the relationship when we were dating. She didn't hold my hand in public. I couldn't call her. I could only text her. She didn't kiss me on the lips and we didn't have any sexual intercourse. Okay, that's a lot. That is a lot right there. Okay. Okay, some people don't like holding hands in public. Maybe that bothers you maybe a wouldn't it really wouldn't bother me? I couldn't call her on the phone. Now that's starting to seem a little bit more unreasonable. Isn't it? You can't pick up the phone and call somebody if you need to talk to him. And he makes it seem like a rule to text only right like she preferred it. If only she didn't kiss me on the lips. Okay, now we're getting a little bit more intense here and these demands and now so no sexual intercourse. So this doesn't really seem like dating does it I mean this seems like slightly more than platonic. I mean what how is this a relationship if you know, there's no kind of intimacy. No hand-holding. No kissing. No sex. What would be the point of getting in an exclusive relationship with somebody who's absolutely showing no refusal to meet your needs. Right? I mean because this is pretty extreme right here. I wouldn't get into the situation. There's no way I'd get in this situation and it's not like they were only dating for a couple months where she's Take it slow. They were together for it seems like about eight months or so, and she's just not wanting to do it. So these all add up for me to signs of an avoidant attachment style and an extreme one at that. I mean because usually avoidance like to have sex, sometimes they don't like the kiss or hold hands, but I mean, you know, this is more towards the extreme and she never introduced me to her friends when we broke up. She said she couldn't love me the way I expect and I think that's probably true. For her that she knows you are looking for more commitment more intimacy, and she knows that she can't give you what she want or you want and you know, everything is adding up here that she has an avoidant attachment style and the degree that she is with you. She's not meeting your needs. So he said that he had insecurity because he could only text her and he didn't feel the anxiety was his fault. Well, I mean you can't really blame her for your anxiety, but it certainly magnified by her rules and and her expectations in this relationship. Now we said the last woman he dated was in 2009. So what have you been doing for the last nine years that you haven't dated anybody. I mean sounds like something's going on with you that you don't have any kind of social dating life. I mean, you know, nine years is pretty long not to update it or I guess it was eight years before you know, because this has been a while since you broke up, right and when you were dating her ocean is it's been over a month after no contact. I basically don't keep any hope. Her coming back. Although I know I will take her back. If she wants to be back at the same time. The serious business perspective of me tells myself that when people can walk away from me. Let them walk is that I don't let go because I'm afraid to admit that I've made a mistake. I was very cautious and how come I still made myself end up like this. Please help me solve this dilemma, so I don't Be haunted by the question every day. I don't think English is his first language and you can see it when he gets more into like the paragraph form. It's kind of broken up like this. That's okay. I think he's afraid that he made a mistake here. Did he do something wrong? He doesn't want to keep making these mistakes that he feels like maybe that's why he's ending up in these situations. Well, he feels like he's haunted by it to the thing is is that I'm sure your anxiety was causing you to put pressure on the situation, but What she was giving you for a exclusive commitment was I think unreasonably low. I mean you no phone calls. No holding hands in public. No kissing. No sex. No introducing you to friends. I mean all of those things things are I think fairly well accepted in a relationship and she wasn't giving you any of those. So, of course it's going to trigger your anxiety because you're not really going to feel Like she's in it. She's not really invested. She's not really committed to the relationship and I think to a large extent you're right and I don't know if she can do those things. I mean you could have been perfect with this girl and she might not have been giving you any of those other things and you can't ignore what you're looking for in a relationship right? There are many of you out there that have a anxious attachment style and are realizing that you were dating an avoidant. Can you make that work? Of course you can but part of it is understanding that they are different from you when it comes to attachment and that the level of intimacy that you need is going to be different from what they need. Now. It's always going to be a struggle to find somebody with that balance because we tend to be attracted to people People that are very different from us because our brain likes the challenge our brain likes that for some reason we are attracted to people that Force us to grow in many cases and we like to be in contrast. It's almost like the yin and the yang right where we like we tend to if you're an introvert you tend to date an extrovert and if You're Frugal. Maybe you like to date somebody who's extravagant and spends their money. I don't know why but it's almost like the universe wants us to be whole as a couple when and so you'll find that you might be attracted to people that are very different from you and it's not easy to accept it at times but you have to find balance. So dating an Avoiding is not an impossible task, but it might be a struggle for you to maintain your anxiety in the relationship. It takes time and effort to do that and you have to learn you have to really work on yourself and you have to grow you have to do a level of internal growth that you may have never done before this is exactly why I released workbooks and I'm considering things like, you know a class or No, something different ways to help you guys in this area. It's a challenge, right? It really is and you know in this situation, we've got an extreme avoidant because she's not giving you many of the Romantic needs that you're looking for and you have to be able to look at a situation and say is this going to make me happy if they don't change if they're not willing to Oh shit here and give me sex or kissing or these other things. Can you live with that? Every person is different. You might not need those things. That's up to you. I'm not here to judge. But I think most of you do want the whole of those things in a romantic relationship and it's perfectly understandable. So if this woman isn't going to give you those things, there's no way you should enter a monogamous relationship with her because that would mean Mean all of your needs are supposed to be met by her and she's not willing to do it and you're just going to be the one to suffer not her right because she's going to be getting things on her terms. So understanding the attachment Styles and how different they are is very helpful in understanding why your relationship may have failed or mate why me it maybe it's struggling right now and it can really help. Few understand not only yourself, but your partner's your friends your family. Your boss is your see it and everybody that you know, okay. It's a really really interesting stuff and I have tons of video on it. In fact, I have a whole playlist called understanding attachment Styles traumas and injuries, and there's over 80 videos in that. So if you want to talk to me about attachment Styles and attachment, I'll be happy to do that in our Skype sessions. Of course. My workbook goes through videos on attachment and a lot of questions on the attachment stuff to help you grow in those areas to and if you want to get my help personally just go to my website ask Greg dotnet sign up for the coaching option that works best for you. I do email coaching. I do Skype coaching and if you got to get with me right away do offer emergency Skype coaching you subscribe to my channel and add me on Twitter just search as Craig Kenneth on Twitter, but that It for this video. I'm coach Craig Kenneth and I will talk with you soon. I'm Craig Kenneth a relationship coach and a psychotherapist. Every relationship is different and every breakup is different work with me and you'll get professional help on your situation. Just click on the link in the description below or go to my website as Craig dotnet.