We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this because I love the band.Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of good sounds in their music that I like. I have to say and another Bond Hill. It was meant to kind of a podcast with before. I took me a little break and I apologize to the lads and I have high again. I apologize to anyone who was meant to podcast with but will we're getting back on track here folks. We're getting there. We are getting there. So today we are talking to Dublin band strangers with guns and If you like your grunge on the little bit heavier, so it you're going to love these guys. So they'll be joining me in King Rose cart, and yes, we're back in the cart tonight, and I can't wait for it. So talk to y'all in a little while. Traveling through the clothes off highway. I have not left second here. I don't know who is beside me or if you're even here. I feel my heavy eyelids assured that they won't close my passengers panicking slightly. It's almost like something he knows. To take the body to the vehicle. You'll go personal belongings and set them up later for the price of the state coroner may or may not if you consider walking home realistic. So there we go. That was too tired to sleep. What okay to drive from my guest today is Jeff from strangers with going. How are you my man? Good? Yeah. We actually come up with stays outside. Okay. What's your stage name? I'm will I was tagged Millennium Aztec Millennium. Okay, and who else is in the Bantam? You tell me who else is who are The Strangers with cons? I have a lawyer who retires and vocals and Sasha was on Jones and then have so Japanese is he just say l Hashem? Okay. Just Johnny out straight on base Johnny Otis tree. That's cool actually because you just answered everything away with stray so you don't know if it's yes now or maybe he's like absolutely out straight and he is that take on these percent personas when you're on stage are we only came up with them I guess so, oh yesterday, so it is exclusive here fucking yeah. I love it. Just worried about my future if we ever do anything dodgy as I don't want them to fall. I mean I am so defined as Tech millionaire them which it'll come up on Wikipedia as your Alias or something. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, just like me working. Well, you know exactly yeah, I'm P most people call me King. Well like you know, so anyway, thanks for coming into the court today and well you anyway, oh, yeah who didn't turn up a showing off and I win Johnny. Oh Johnny. Oh straight. Well, I'm telling Jenny out straight out straight Year fucker. We've got to come over. I'll see you at the clang festival thing. Mr. Anyway, so you have Tommy who's in the band how we just get together. Tell me the story it took me about four years for about together. Oh, yeah, I just did a way of country ads like two or three times. Yeah, and it was nothing at all said I was following them. I think you should have on your website said thank God for the far and rumors and all I'm telling you if at all if I would have had it. I've had a Venezuelan drummer and a Venezuelan my base. As a Venezuelan. Yeah, and I've had a yeah, I've had to Venezuela. Yeah, and yes because the two Lads actually now we're like the only two because I've jammed it a lot of people and it always be someone if they're not really into it or if they're like, oh, I like prog rock with this is gorgeous and they didn't ever really last and So eventually I found a hash. Hope I'm going to try to remember if we're gonna go hustle. Yeah Johnny L Street and yeah because they just finish them about that are evoked in Bangkok is my acid a punk band Kiss Me acid. Yeah. Yeah. I've heard of em. Yeah, and that's Just at least we just broken open his looking for a new band. So it's just good look to him and because I've been trying for years and haven't failed jobs and I'll just yeah, yeah, that's everything together. So would you be kind of like the brainchild behind it up? Yeah. Well, I like the Gate of the songs in the first album of it before I never met them even really yeah. And did you do all the instrumentation on the album or are they on the album as well? And they're on Ricky's are all of it. I use the session drummer from before his recordings. Because you can kind of just a disaster my what you want of course. Yeah, that's what I'd hate for. Ya. Gotta call the key on of color new things mean. That sounds familiar. All right, because you've been on the same forever put them and this actually the sign on the lawyers were vision and all those songs. They were recorded in 2015. And the roads are 20-point then right. He's on both of them for it's like you so much more energetic on the first ones really kind of seconds you Shotokan hung over because he emailed me at 3 o'clock at the before it was a God. I'm hanging to a be able to do this and you're so paid. Oh, yeah, you know actually what uses ready because for some help so it was 120. The first one is only 60 or something II suppose that's real bad. So you met these Lads and head of the girl tell me what happened the instant chemistry. We actually start messaging me because it was messing with a couple of drummers them straight away. It's just like talking to himself as I get this is this is going to work like you finally just chemistry is Especially in music you put in that was it like absolutely and yeah, you set it. Yeah because he's got a real he's big into like town and but they're also for that and it was your motorcycle from I think we're different values in about years ago and they ought to put a yeah, he said he said he was trying to get away from home because he said he had that kind of fucking yeah, I like and so yeah, it was kind of digging the graves and then baby out of me playing bass, but he wasn't into it like he's going to be just by her with some other. Stuff and Roy, so he just said he's ask Ricky and then I thought well this might make you stay in the band if you have me in the pan and so yeah, yeah get him over. Do you know we're not in we can open it someday not even so far on the same page from also flick good and they're in another band as well. Oh god sakes for the positive and spaz attack. I've had this positive. Yeah. Sure. I don't forget like I don't know if you know like you do know when we make genres in the carving a solution. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah, if we fight and that was the same bit of a spaz, it's like oh, yeah. Oh, so now we know what those names. Oh, yeah as I'm not a you I'm not a fan of punk. Really. I don't know and John will even tell you this cause I got whenever I get to go to see their shows. Yeah, that's all I really stay for, you know, because I actually like calling a solution. Yeah won't you call their music their Punk. Would you call a kind of I'm short. Yeah, Chris our Channel tell me otherwise, but look that broken off. Yeah, I think I like the ribs are for the vocal approach and all that kind of like yeah, actually some songs are quite for can they do anything about it? But there are a lot of all fire and start trying to wreck, you know, relive their youth somehow. I don't know. We actually had a gig there. I'm drop that toy so bad we have this song Monkey King. We did it with that bleep or whatever public at least for now, but when I try and do is like it Now if I have the energy or shit, so I asked Chris if you did a car or something he did and he for the other look it's one month or so - yeah, it's a real bear would look at South we have built one voice on a mini one so that when it suits me I went to take we need to undertake such as milled. And did you ever hear the podcast we did here with the dinner with the strongest one of the first away on field varies. So M. Give us a coin of What got you want what God because I'm not a focus kind of on you because you're here. What like what got you got to play interested in music and then into a band and you know was really what did you always want to play music or maybe start quickly. For example, that's a lawyer. I got a good two days before I got a guitar and those probably hiding 17 pregnant woman's probably like this would be kind of but like once you want you can play. Yeah, what'd you pick it up? Tell them it's all up to, you know yourself to the prayers. How quickly they pick up an instrument. Yeah. Now I would have been at the start. I would be one of those forever a day. So I people so that can accelerate everything. Yeah, of course and then when you donate to the traditional way to learn music, like alright this now was this question straight and trying to their Mega that's not so we're going to boil pasta all their hearts and I'll let me go. Yeah for them. We think I'm they were actually talking about this on the metal sell hot dogs for dinner, which is a good guy and shout out to Rich. Yeah, but they're talking about the card. Duration between them Madeline wrestling that's right. And rest on would have been an absolutely woke up me at the music. Well, well look who believe it or not the WWE like I used to watch all the ECW years ago and czw another now cause that's my ration system is my resin. That's just I don't know in what the college's core. That's what that is. Yeah. No, I agree with that because I always wanted to be a wrestler and then they might arrest this girl like this is terrible. Was that was that that is a champ now, we don't skip some is that his nothing but I don't know. I feel bad. I yeah, he was the teacher. Yeah, that's why me and Kenny the Duomo is he was he went to that school as well. He's made with him. All he does is he's a cool podcast actually the tolling a DeLorean was those are our shadow. They know every man, which I also do another podcast for him the for Poppin that's is that anyone yeah, I've had two episodes of already. Yeah. It's very very restless. So sorry. There you go. So you tried wrestling on you little like now it's kind of like a nice it see that the employers may send you back a dozen skill. Everybody liked round each other off so - God, how do you should open like pots and pans? And then I went to rest on the side to get you the name brands the quite jealous of like I might be like a full committee will accept me. I'm for oh God, it's so I suppose it's look at it is like a dance when you think about it. Yeah if it's done properly It's amazing. But if it's not it, then it looks ridiculous. Like you know, I just remember as I need a like three or four weeks and they're gonna stick me in for my first match for like 14 and although is 19 and it's just like we're going to job for this fellow is you guys care about me at all this food, but depending on the size of the cars. Yeah, I resign so that made you transitioned into music did it? Yeah. I got obsessed with music as well as causing investors Hamptons seems like there's some really good ones. Yeah, especially a Nagisa tubular Club, huh? Announcement at the walk and all that. Oh, yeah, just like funds matches and listen to Because he'd milk the walking and I would always be kind of that song would be on a loop. They just kind of played a main roof on the thing and then eventually like you're sad looking up to do songs on my mom that we found like Alice in Chains even so far. Yeah answer of course didn't and Motorhead to a version of enter summer. I'm not show any point easy to build a compilation of three. Yeah. I had that one. I think it's gone. Like so whoever covered walk and I wasn't Morbid Angel. I don't know actually and we look it up and we'll we'll try to find out who it was. I can't remember now. I just remember Alabama has been on it. But the one that really stuck out for me was Motorhead doing a better version of and the salmon really do you like any modern new kind of newer songs Russian songs, you know, and you know, I think I'm once I discovered box and I was kind of like focus on which is always fun. Ali and are not interested. At all, did you watch The Fury for you? Yeah, what's thing half later? I was shocked though because he did say we're going to do it on we have you thought about there's a chance you just walk him down, but you were to put all that weight on for the specific. Yeah, didn't the mission he had was was pretty fucking dirty like and as rematches announcers are that's this shouldn't even be happening. That's just my opinion, but it's a clause in the contract. So and then the world are gone on saying that it was his healthy 40-pound they offer some calf Deonte. I like the movement City Centre. Are you said a lot of things said he wants to kill someone during and all that so he won't right. Now, you know, that's not even real. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. I think you'll get fucked up next up next to them. That's why are you stopping quicker? Nothing's to be very much as go. Who would you be your favorite box of alpha Bobby James Toney. Yeah, I now would like in the lower end of his career. You went a bit like was in five City and all that and I wouldn't be obviously be as unboxing as you stick me with a fan of them. I will yeah, I just read what was in the box to defense of a boxer. I know that's another act a box and I dunno but free- box or we fight I found yeah, and then the cars were pissed me off was overworked gone off topic here, but that's our with my podcast. Like what pissed me off was when they finally got around to Pacquiao on him. It just wasn't the same know that it was a couple years too late. But I think that's what suit. My risotto that man is just like drowning in money. Yeah, he really is in his exhibition fight against some the 220,000 fellow some Japanese situation. That was yeah kapok support like you just basically just such a cinnamon some pointers on because you're my mysterious more like yeah for him. So he's just like, I know you can't talk me. So it was yeah. Okay tianyu actually avoiding. You got 12 million or something for that was a good 12 minutes. My metaphor it wasn't ridiculous. He knows if you see the thing about him is he's a smart businessman who knows exactly what to do, you know, so we ever in any other bands apart from this one more. Yeah. It's kind of looks right. It was skill or you decided to spank aldehyde celebrities. I've had that many sure I've heard of that. Maybe we are only around for a bill for everyone. So within a maybe I don't know maybe head of some water something else. Maybe I don't know. I think that The fire was in a bind contents levees. Maybe that's why I only found that out years. Yeah sure for I am yeah. Our drummer is a good friend of mine actually passed away and that binds that icon. It's not here to fight will be years. That's 10 years ago now with still. Yeah, it's never easy, you know friendly thought, you know, I wouldn't Beggars have a few years I've liked. Yeah, I don't think I'm what got you going to want to go back into? and I actually I was playing a just an acoustic guitar does like field and songs on the album were recorded an acoustic guitar. Hmm. So when I talked to him was kind of like, you know, even your voice, let me just want to pour it out into the world. And so yeah that I went and I bought an electric guitar again and then just had a car and I couldn't find a drummer and generate me and up with someone when you've now so following a day and also following an audit very exe mashy. So I just got a session musician enemy so record and I'm kind of sad looking fair play and yeah, but that's Fact you just went and did yeah. Yeah because I knew if we just wait and then like why they call you can't my voice is off of what I've listened to enough people like don't listen to David. I was like if I can develop as and then Jerry Cantrell's going to an interview is I just forgot they were like you get something to eat them. Yeah. It's a folk artist you about was given most times like that. Like well most time has a very very horrible voice. I can't stand this. I love the music or you love the music, but the one thing that stops me from actually saying or you like Mega is his voice. You know, oh god. Well I'm demoting is Keys fucking yeah. Well again, that's a good thing. You know, they're the new recording. So of the end of the know if know the vocals are really really low in the mix like I wonder if it's 70 cell bottom and so no one would be able to me. It's a big deal. Yeah, but fair play to him. He's you know, he's gone giving us shocks and he's got again, you know, which is so and the name of the band strangers with Consuela back home from it was like Do you ever hear songs and you kind of make it with the lyrics are mmm and then you look in your head you member to Melody. So in your head you're just throwing out there X over yourself like the Koreans of the song a song and as I think I lost my headache. Oh, yeah. I know. Yeah, I know but only hair done it once or twice and I was going to play in and we have and I heard the lyrics like strangers with horns. And I said, yeah, we're going to keep that down you two. Yeah. Yeah, and so like sort of the goods you have the trees. Have I was that's been obvious to line up is uh, yeah. I don't like if you look at our Facebook page or so sterile and 2015 and stuff like that. But that's just when I first record intrusive, yeah, so this is the lineup like yeah, this is for us. We only dated for a slime fabulous Year lovely. How did that go? Terrible really - yeah going on. All right now is just as my first time ever being like kind of front person when you calm down the focusing on I just pushed him against a coconut oil. Of light went out. It happens. It's the Taurus and peppers as well. Did you ever consider getting a foreman? Yeah, very awesome. Every kind of monster trucks don't know I don't really even now which is would you like a footman? Yeah, because felt the lads are going to go behind me and I'll put like sighs asks, like I was asked by a feat. I always liked right message industry people and all that and I asked this fellow does tell what your issue they actually played Our Song story. So I was like, I need like criticism or critiques. He's like, I think the album with a vocal thing gets a bit to say me or something like that and I was like really because it looks something like Henry Rollins sweet on it like who would Yeah true. But someone kind of more like aggressive you can do like more things and just that's why Ricky share with them a lot of our songs because it's hilarious, you know, so if anyone wants to be in this band as a four-month if I want some kind of mad Dalek I want to get presents for because are you going to like just playing the Panic nodding my head away and stuff like that. You always have to kind of go Ashley. I need to say something now. She'd ask Chris. Abeley. Oh, yeah, baby. He's a he likes a bit of crack like that, you know. so You said Henry Rollins day. I think we spoke about that beforehand. Robbins would be one of my main influences like yeah in terms of stage presence and lyrical Direction and the way he wrote some not going to stuff and Roberts Pond are one of my favorite bands. Yeah the end of Silence from you chew some would say when I was a kid. That's what I listen to when I was like 12. Yeah, you know, that's heavy shit that happened. Simple all you preferred Rollins band too Yes, actually, I have a conscience and sometimes when people are give out for saying that yeah guitar players. Chris has kit was the one half the other side and the silence and up right up until I get some go again and he had you got your Bibby. He became a I think he got like a band called Mother Superior. Okay. I'm Dave became the Rollins band. Yeah, so but like Melvin Gibbs bass player same time. The drummer fucking drummer. Yeah. Okay. Well, I think that last time we feel like it's a bit check there were some of that Gizmo you kind of startled noise. Three times or something, but it's a bit amazed. Yeah sound sound sound but that's like this is like it's like a slap in the face like, you know, and that's what got me wanting to do waiting. And I mean, excuse me. Well, you could look like a kind of nine. I don't fully know how to play bass, but I kinda nailed the play bass. Yeah. And so sometimes I'm thinking I'd love to have a an instrument but then when we think about how well we perform and I'm like, no I actually idly because Exactly a mad fuck man, you know, I mean the police, you know, I have a little thing idea and that's it. Like yeah. Yeah, so yes, I think about visual as well. I would think so. Yeah, but look you can get away with so much more when you have a good hair. Oh, yeah, you don't have to work as well as actually talking to make a point. I was asleep the actual values for the new saying because you see on his own stuff like he's going to govern our shape and all that. He's always kind of like, he says you can just hide behind the guitar like an answer when you're out there in four minutes we jump around and I'll just have to that's the thing. And so who else would be around Francis like, you know, Mega are the biggest want to be honest. It really is and I spent about tree is that isn't like Norton except for Levi Levi Pearl. Jam would have like Alice in Chains. Some of them employed its and Soundgarden Yeah, three of them being which sadly yeah, we felt it was like the amount of Alice in Chains. I can't even listen to him anymore. I listen to them song which really so now when you have something on just day annoying and then like a couple years later they listen to how much I love them. I love them so much and and that's not the answer we improve our but I just I don't know I would have preferred if they came back as a three-piece. Yeah, which would have worked for me because the controls voices just put us through out like a solo Covid apple and so what's you don't own has anger Roy is another that's the one thing that's the breast brilliant degradation trip - yeah, that's amazing. I think they would have been out of sometimes of is it wasn't first like for our land? Yeah, so I was tragedy it really when you think about it. Yeah, it's horrible to think about so Then you throw it to get your ass up and get a time when we record. I think where every single male vanity has recorded the song stage. Let me guess. How do I had this man? Only podcast believe so let me guess who stopped talking wasn't it? Shout out to make how are you my man? So tell me the recording process for the stretch they overlooked for years because it's the four songs that record in 2015 and you just react Them and we are doing The New Sofa looks real. But yeah, but he gets it at work out. Just great shit without yeah and then down I did someone 2013 and then we actually went in as a band. He said he dug us more as a band and already written ten days ago, sir. No, yeah, it was hard for a new songs. So is this for an EP or I don't know because I think like a hash I was kind of he's inflicted here pops an annoyance and all that and he's very much folk albums EPS, okay. It's okay. Listen to any Theo's machine an album with like fuck that and I think I'm kind of old-fashioned though. Yeah, I would be as well. We're at a stage. Now the to tell the world where we're probably going to recover going to recovery recording again in April, and I'm we're not sure how many sons were going to do but it's not going to be loud. Yeah, you know, so we may not even release it on a like yeah, you know, Eddie. Yeah hard copies and might just be digitally. Thing about me sir. Thanks for you. That's why you just seems to be the best way. Yeah, you know put your look anyway see it. You did the album along with your if here because they're your songs are quite like a lot longer the Moines a very fucking tree many three and a half months different type of music. You know, you're all you would see yours as Marsh Punky not that spunk put in its approach. Yeah. Sure trap Shucks. Yeah Earl are of VP R. EP is I think it's maybe half an hour. Yeah Richard out. Adams well, the story 7 fantastic beauty face longer than fucking Raining Blood. That's not hard 28 minutes long. Come on, you know, I think actually I just did the Choice Awards follow random publish it as well, but it's actually a desert a time that's given for something that I have to have a classifier. Listen. Um, I think it's a 27 minutes always it's not considered like an album with the industry standards as well. I thought yeah, I don't know how many looks better. Yeah it also That's okay. We would have quit this show. No, I wouldn't want to miss so and the name of degenerate art. It's annoying. It's cool all Malloy. All right. Yeah, and I work in the I shouldn't say every work you work somewhere where that's in relative in relation to the name of the album will say yeah. Anyway, there was an exhibition where them any other all day use a German painter for the Did not cease few adheres Arts as the general arts on. Sorry put on an exhibition basically stun people. Look at how she had this is like so you were just basically Market him and a lot of what a vehicle and it's going to talk tonight. I do it. I think it's are like the album cover just one of his fans. Is he still alive or no? No. No, I like he was when he died in the 40s 50s, maybe so is it coin of public domain now or yeah, I was thinking that because have to um, yeah, I think once something's over a hundred years old. Yeah. Because I was looking at it they're coming for you know pic skinsky one of his things I'll show you some of the stuff. Let me get off this but it's some epic shit. Yeah and his he's dead now, we're called few years before his His collection is basically his estate is in some Czech Republic and Museum. All right, so we contacted a minor league Apes have to pay say 200 Euros whatever and just credit. Yeah, and it's there, you know, it's like the Bangkok Bell Witch who actually used one of us one of us are images some deadly stuff. Yeah. Yeah, you begin to submergence of fighter in what sounds like I like toys. Ominously just like folk everything with the music. So I was like, maybe I'll just get like draw a few stick figures and in the process the new album, you know, I love the look that if you have saw her last EP cover, I don't know if you say yeah, that's Russ my guitarist. Okay, that's the in a forest okay with it with a bed sheet over his head. Basically that's essentially what it is and I don't tend to Relate the cover to necessarily dishonest and they were really a team. Yeah gone through my song We Are a collection of my songs and but like the four seven we have a conversation with that. That's the ghost of the Ori okay image and only like I think a two years after we brought it out. There was another band who had the exact same covert program, but they had there's an orange was weird. Look. Yeah, boy. Am I mean if you want to be doing it? Physical release. Yeah, it's I suppose it's nice to me. I like people the way I overall more music is if someone feels they're getting a good value. Yeah, gotcha, like only really like will part with their money and and look at those. You don't have to overload them with lyrics and photos and just some good noise strike and not just at the front here you use actually there is it is Russ Russ Russ my guitarist got them Donald art. We do a lot of our stuff on our dirty shorts. I rip them apart. And as I said, the CD duplication was totally not how we I think that's the site we use is called like CD duplication or something. I'll bring you one of our because we got a lot of misprints things okay to you. Yes and everything because cares only 40 minutes away. But yeah, I got lost on the way here. I know you're still on time as okay. So William You released it in August other. Yeah, 30 de Vargas. How did that go? I'm pretty good and I use mightycall. So that wasn't like I think five Tinkles walking or something. I read it when I was kind of him. We are 75, which is probably decent off because I know I'm your mom's trying to count with chaos. Campbell is not going to use but here is constantly Messengers and saying I get on YouTube and suggestions for my word and I was like, that's like what it's aired. Where was it honest honest about social and so I was sent as a Friday of eat and actually taking certain as well. And remember to go see had a gig for free and I think it was for free in favor of sunlight is very nice kind of like fonics' were a lot of the same people. Yeah. So I actually asked them is a few from ours groups on Facebook. I got ready to add a second one just in case just so we don't double book again. Ask Santa for them. Yeah, they went well and we are there with you see toys and brand-new dead things or to really work plans. And yes have enough 75 people will be Ranch great life that might open social that's not bad now and yeah kind of use that to try and talk to you. So yeah, we did our thing really give the ticket numbers and all this shit like your mom is trying to get this cancer that that was a got. It looks empty and Isis on the over-under at least they're not with us it's round. You consider a different venue next time? Yeah, I do your eyes are kind of against ever down for Canard nonchalance like that in so maybe 10 so long we take our if we get any bigger something more, you know, we can replace Rivers. Yeah, a lot of times we use that as like a free rehearsing out of a dumpster. Oh, no, never downstairs. Well last time we played Actually was the last gig we played and was with Marcin was the sound going and he's brilliant. Yeah, and he's really and when we were actually surprised how good it sounds because the first time we played down there was shit. Is he gonna be down John clouds thing upstairs? No. No, no, and I know who's taken over from John Clark loudspeaker all I'm not having you on that. Okay. I don't know if it's top secret for what not going to be the one. Yeah. Yeah, I mean just like this lots of places to play she and I yeah, yeah. Yeah, like if you get the three bands on people will go to these gigs like an I mean like we played Shanae with the dead called them great stag was a Hammett was hopin. Yeah, it's not even a big place now, that's hot like it like, I mean, that's what you want to treat piece would sit fit on the stage. We have to me and Russ had to go down into the crowd look so it was it was killed in the face. Look, you know, that's how it goes those mm good lifestyle. So and again, I'll talk to you about this off a flare on both ears and she and I pay okay when you underground Soul, so you have to book a yeah. Yeah. Anyway, Jesus is this is great. Just having an hour. This is actually great. I'm enjoying this. And so yeah, tell me about some of your lyrical Inspirations. I kind of like the general compared to metal groans is very like a lot of is nonsense Corner, especially like a hot and you're saying well isn't there. Well, yeah it is but it's always kind of like team sites as opposed to like Mega are summoned. As I guess since I don't really listen to like I tried to get into Overkill and all that for you. Okay can't get past three or four bands really likes layer as well for them. Yeah. Lyrically. I just kind of like even my pants look like a lot of nonsense. And so basically I just want to talk shit because I don't really okay. I like to be late to pull herself as well. And they've loaded like absolute nonsense. Yeah. I like I was saying to you before I had loads of different things in your musical here. I was only same thing I hear terapy. In one of your songs, I hear even some kind of Henry Rollins ask helmet as well. And it's a great mix of kind of everything. I know I never saw this a lot longer in the only and actually they also look for Teresa. I look forward to hearing some of that actually and he said it with the only the Earth break open. All right. Yeah, I think it's actually because I kind of wrote that with the stuff that I once like maybe it's again the radio and shit like that. This is like Hey, we're gonna take everybody's like, yeah, so we're motorcycle. Hopefully for like their God they did it is get played like Dan Haggerty. She'll put them on and so forth up or them Northern really how they gathered you have much as like what next I was just an alternate was back to square one basically so hard, you know, you have to basically look you're going to do this one of two ways. You're going to over to do it as a job. Yeah. Well, you know, I do it as a hobby me personally will do it as a hobby a labor of love that I absolutely adore. You need to leave your job you need it's tired. Yeah, an hour's work brunt of it Irish music. We can all that. I never want to say and if you get offered some she's under like this now. I'll have to check our work. So you just have to go. Yeah, what was it just move on without it the next thing or somehow giving I'll give you a story. Just we were meant to play a gig for a promotion and I don't want to say the name and we were asked to play a gig for them. For it to cover a specific particular band in the academy. This was years ago and we were got the phone call when we were in the airport waiting to go on her French talk and they expected us to come home and play this weekend gig like I was on his apartment. Yeah, I really well we've paid, you know for athletes and accommodation and we're not like they won't touch us now since talkin and I was over 10 years ago, and I'm still trying to Unnecessarily beg but I'm still trying to get in the good books with our back ladies. I'm really everyone's ass never do it. Never have. I don't think I'm sure someone will correct me if we have y don't think I have and I never would never intentionally do it, you know, but that's just me their album launch like in my job you down with you have to do anything crying. Yeah. I shouldn't say that. So I was like America I got sucked up in here because it's constantly just emails on the phone and all that and all the pr work. Instead of and it just didn't turn it like you got a couple of with you is maybe but turn into North America. It's like I said, it's I'd like, you know, you figure it out gradually like he was a contact and all that. But yeah, there's a lot of now responses and all that kind of sure. It happens everywhere. I went to ask once someone else did that I just could be a total package. Yeah very to here though, and you could just Google it one in doubt. And it's not it's not something like industry secret around it. Oh, yeah, you pay let's just say five or six grand. Yeah, and you'd hop onto this tour with let's just I don't know just to say yeah crowbar and Overkill we just so there's different types of wounds. They they make over your males are your then we cover your accommodation that money. Yeah bullion. Yeah, you might have to pay for your Triad. Your travel maybe you know what I mean. So all you personally again if that's the kind of thing you'd have to be doing if you were serious. Yeah, I'm walking now kids. No bills. No no, no. Yes, and so like I would never hit me personally just as a principal. I never buoyant but or yeah, we would try and get on to it or I like but not have to pound to a penny. I'd rather pay me on way then, you know, I don't know if that works out to the same kind of thing, but it's like boys. And it's again. It's just my opinion Point onto me. So what you're not ready Angela. Yeah. Now we're going something and then Stephen said around marriage to the sofa nor would you would think yeah, but like, I don't know if they would take a quarter of a yeah. I heard someone who went on the Irish music industry podcast and there's a band I went on tour with the Prodigy and I say no father the prodigals whether they had to sell their sure. It's at the exact same price as a prodigious elastic happens on Earth found a big pants tilde, which I Ink is a disgrace because that then a tree yeah like that. Like if I was asked to do that, I just wouldn't send my shorts because yeah, I make a point of selling wine for a relatively low price that people will go look over saying about the CDs whatever that's a good value. Yeah, you like what you know, we played with lordy. Oh, yeah a long time ago in the factory was actually still called The Music Center and we ended up about selling them. Match was found because their stuff was cheaper. Yeah, you know and people who was a lot that was all the kids are talking a lot of kids was there for someone who knows they all just Dave I think we sold out of teachers, you know, it's all about taking chances of taking risks and you know, because it's like you don't forget it's your money involved and of course, yeah. So yeah, so you're kind of lyrical and stuff is just Nonsense every much sleep. Monkey King is though someone living in the south of France and the Drunken Monkey Shadows kill. Yes. I was just random shit was like the problem is you is close to being a serious song but most of it is like same as a realtor handy right on desk. So I think I went to try as well. That was one of the first songs over though. Yeah. Well, he's got a song called Wars. Yeah. That's a cool time. I like that song needed a video for that. Yeah. I want to be friends is it? For free because it's just I don't want to sound like you message people see what they charge for a video and I was actually talking to Chris Chichester maybe him down a video. Yeah, whatever its message in places like 1,500. It's very expensive public again, like these people. It's their profession, you know, and it is expensive and if you can and I think if you ever if we ever get to a stage where we can afford it we deal with you know, yeah, but if I say, I'm a concerned citizen because I've gone to a lot of the industry she and they basically just say at the most important thing is a seven tickets they said then You can also convert it comes out tickets and phone when you add anything else. I don't know. I think me and you need to have a little chat after this. I think I need to take you under my wing. I really do and so Tammy service. Have you played any kind of cool gigs or any interest in case we find on a lot of pain pills? They sent of kind of embrace the spoil things. I think the laptop you have connections from that as parents. What are you had a few beautiful money only to any Garden actually guy laughs on favorites was I bet some because it's an hour once it's not what we call him. Johnny x-ray which is oh yeah, it's kind of locked for it and like that. It's just it's just a good for you and I know you know, you just really didn't care. It's just one of those go to gigs like yeah, you're just talking shit. I think the smoke machine broke for what I owe him. I was selling job Godly more smoke more smoke screen and it's just a whole place looks like it's good to go up. And so that was kind of curly kill you got with your country kind of got what you wanted area that if you stinkers though I've ever heard him someone saying like now - good until they've had at least 50 games or something. Love you bitch who the loser? Well, I don't know what you know something I don't know about you but I don't even think about that shit. Yeah, I mean for we play our music for ourselves first and foremost. Yeah, and then if anyone else likes it it's a bonus and then grows from there and more people will like it and whatever or dislike or whatever, you know, but going into it just not even thinking about shit. Like that's the way we've always done it. Yeah. I need me bands. I don't care. I really don't care if people like it or dislike it once I like it and we band members like it because if you're playing something you don't like of course. Yeah, what's the point in playing music? You know, I always find are going to need because I'm going to organize everything I go talk to the sound engineer hardship or if you don't have to do any of that if the gigs I was much better because you're not like you don't have to be switched on and being are you? Okay what's going on here and all this kind of stuff? That's me and my bottom as well. We do more or less everything ya know same. It's if it can be stressful and I get there and have you done you come on gigs are clang. It's an excellent. I don't serve your kind of Grand Social Monday for some competition, but that's just the free practice truck stop. And what's the competition to remember yesterday on some Festival poor? Like when I did sometimes we take the exam we don't advertise them because we're just so you could just use as a free practice because we are work different hours and shit like that. So you just basically act as lawyers. That's more than we do. We don't even get to practice reading it once or twice one. Once or twice a month if we're lucky so then if you AF client what you think it is climb, I was startled initially with then straight away says, you know that like naysayers saying, oh, I wonder if this is going to be awesome. That's what I say because as I say like orders metal and rock and whatever it's a small enough. Yeah community and if someone whether they succeed or not is trying to make something better for us. And we should embrace it. Yeah, so that's why I'm like mm. Well we're playing clang and I think if we had even asked to play or email and we probably would have played as well because we want to see these things succeed because we need more opportunities for her own buns, you know, and it's great that we have condom has and coroner and all this what happens are just as good as you know, they really are gonna resent. So anyone who's man negative If I was going to be negative would wait until they thought was fair then at the end of the day for at least these people are trying. Yeah, that's you know, that's why I respect. Phil from Iron Mountain for trying and I also respect Rob from clang because like I said, they don't have to do this they want to do it because they're trying to trying to make things better. Well, that's what I think. I mean I could probably belong basically most of the male Community but if you are quite lucky decline because I feel like it's just going to have the industry or have two bands. I don't worry man as I fucking maybe that's what we got face before go take a look. Oh, yeah. All right, man. But look that's you know, what that's going to be a class. That's a class lineup. I know definitely amazing bonds are tough. But then again you have some amazing Bonsai client as well. So yeah, and I really hope it works out, you know fascinated to see the way it's set up as well with the Stars and all the time machine dying to see how that's going to work for Sherlock. We'll see what happens Tammy. This is a second. It's running on one. Yeah, maybe second in the National Stadium the corner for me and Kings cart come round for tea and biscuits after after we play I'm just I'm sure we look after you so and throw me off some your favorite orange buns don't have to be met with the even though. We've actually got down to repay with them and we danced before and they're kind of jealous and I'm because I really toy in there like a real you can see the real and how many the rain and all that and they're quite good lawyers and they do bring a show with so take them take the cow. Hang on. That's right. I said I use again too much Spare Time on my Charlotte. She's really our heroes are brand-new dead things of what about earthquake this kind of sound some are like was a quandary with a singers working on real? Yeah. Like he's got it does a lot of those car now - screams honks. Yeah and easy toy decline it like a heavier sort of Indie band. They're quite good who asked you to go. I really like for Curious. You know, I've heard the name. Yeah. Are you really that I take? I think they're happy to the best friend Guy. What's wrong with sad to your feet just instrumentals. Keep people's attention. Yeah, I think your instrument that I should serve which was that what's it called? Oh, sorry, did you say? What did I call her? Fuck? Yeah the intro. Yeah, we're like at my what I call it. Yeah. Oh God. Can you believe that? He said I think what now wouldn't even my own fucking thing like, you know, and it's we always think we always work on it. I'm not sure these data sets with her know we're everything but you know, it's funny. We went to play a gig in Belfast last year when we had just released. It was actually too big. Belfast launch of it. Yeah, and he brought to see the CD and and he said, can you try it out on for the intro? Well, we brought on actually as a it copy TD, you know, yeah. Yeah and he's like no, I don't have a CD player. Yeah. He's like you should have brought in on a hate whatever. Yeah stick porting a sinner's if the name isn't okay. I couldn't make it out there. Yeah, no, that's okay with you know, I think we're gonna probably do more about calling the stuff as well like, you know intros and we even used as you know synthesizes on one of the songs and its interests them. Are we got we got the kind of dude as well because he's always happy to mess around some you're working on a new thing and I was like member last one was here. You were trying to shoplift keyboard shit along with songs as we close the over here badly. Yeah. Yeah, so it sounds funny kill. It's real like to know which color it sounds are good cars. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Coral Coral almost isn't it? Yeah. Yes sadly. So and anyone else you liquor Wells father's mentioned. You don't advance past the fact very few good songs. Yeah again, I've heard of them, you know the classic no, ma. Yeah. It's right there. Like that's just their kind of pulling Punk like yeah. Let's check my phone. Amrita mansion And 2012 not mm. I hate romantic feel concerned like a he does a lot of festivals and he's like you guys are just and it annoys listen to your stuff on the salmon and it's a different noise. We will consider in your things. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't insincerity say it's rough dance around for as long as I like that song with the yolk. That's good. Isn't it? That one? Yeah, I was a Nails because that he gives us lots of gigs. I've never actually heard his own podcast as well as oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. sorry Eddie if you're listening yeah that's only found 100 points our the world finds all point of all points yeah welcome says mm Daddy on really well I think do you know the fellow John Ross Ramsey do you think he manages them we can slowly is that was no yeah toxic John yeah yeah I think that's you know I think he manages I'm sorry I got a lot of like festivals thoughts and all that kind of stuff and some strawberry yeah yeah yeah a bitch Falcon actually quite as well they're playing that yeah he likes to play it I wouldn't are you trying to get on that I try it didn't happen apparently that was all caught Android before it was even announced its shot there that's what years was the last one prisoner great yeah yeah look to be some amount of rock and metal gigs going on this year yeah you know and tell me some of your favorite albums and they don't have to be in order Let me go to my like George is a classic social science. I don't think my favorite negative because it go up and down on them which and I'm not want pieces because I know most in peace and honesty obviously, I think I listened to that right? Oh, I really dig in our department. I can't put my pheromone fight no more smoking to Angel those Tomatoes. Yeah, and so every single flavor what's in my car at the moment? I saw their own. Well, no, that's the best one to listen to them. Listen to that acid bottom. Wait a moment. Which one when the car is quite strong. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you always said in my last podcast that Kate Bush to kick in soon. Oh, yeah, and that's again. Music gets me two days. Yeah, and Alice Cooper Welcome To My Nightmare is other one. I love and crowbar crowbar Slayer. So the heaven Slayer seasons in the abyss, you know, there's lots there is no that's to me. Let's start most complete till now, you know, yes, there's some cool stuff. I probably actually think maybe superunknown would probably be my favorite thing ever. That's a great album. Yeah, what did you like? Yeah out of it again. It's a such a good home we can and they weren't afraid to get heavy and that one. Should I rent out of Jesus? That's a little sister that I love the song Wrecking Ball. That's a very little wreck them or if you go back to unfortunately only favorite songs on that album. That's fine. So I have something here. I think what's with the hula dress? what's enough to explain what I mean is if anyone's never seen it yeah yeah I guess so where the fucking hell this guy's and necklace thing when you play I think it's just his friend differentiate ourselves week because otherwise like that song is like seeing people on favors and look at this agent like that look there's a couple of cones just like everyone else and as I think you get a second look if you're wearing a little too scared or they'll remember your second from you come back look just like how this fella yeah that's a purely Catskill like to try to get Ricky do something weird try and count sorry I mean 2003 Sony and straight just do something weird really be brilliant but I don't think I'm on a direction like I love the blue house servers actually why we should have mentioned there well there you go it is for you for like their lifestyles are absolutely insane that I have someone dancing naked I've seen like yeah yeah yeah and then they'd have like serious strobe lights and all that was fucking of people headaches and some don't you get like some danzo make it on stages all right he invested I might be able to like your crowd booing oh you actually bought like if we're gonna smile for Shannon's role-plays and she like that for the fate of a few seconds just so happens I've a headache already or maybe I'd be something to experiment with you sound like you're not afraid to try new things which is a good thing now for me even though you can we don't you know what you're going to do when you go on stage so no no yeah no I never have any idea and I was wondering for the advanced Tab and you can see that thing if you start thinking about shit like that yeah then it doesn't come across as I got ya surely if you have to coordinate moves then it's it's not real again just my opinion understand everything Time out of shit like that. Yeah, and you know this crack motor focus on come on motherfuckers hate that is that Rod Flames world. So you're going for the loads of metal band still feels pretty bad. Yes. I thought about nails are used to people. Yeah, I agree with you. Oh, look, it's been a great year or chatter. It's nice. It's been cool to look at down and tell me what we're all your stuffs available. Not a clinician everywhere. I think it's even a life of Music even no don't a Viper music. I don't know. What distributor using CD Baby and then I just take it in stock it I think everyone CEOs knows what we get on there. Yeah. So you're on Spotify in your on yeah young Pine Camp. Yeah. Yeah, everything's have any t-shirts or unavailable or any marriage around like that. See you've got the t-shirts made in England Troy and then they cost more than I thought they would have it. We should like towards in krita shorts. There's like so much for coming on to say all this fur, so now we just went to the gym give up. On shorts of it. Yeah that or do you just say I'm just going to show it's that I just created myself. Well, we definitely have to have a chat with you. I'm certainly send one to it sometime car for our album Tommy. I can't pronounce the second prettiest first person ever born around so they could shoot a surety and said no, it's not fair play. So yeah TV sound. Well, look let's go and have a bit of a chat about how to Market your brand and Mexico. Well, that's a good thing. Yeah see me throwing it up there. There's some Jeff. It's been cool to have it at least kill chat with you. Now who's room and I'm sure like, yeah, we'll be playing together soon. So, alright, I'll be there. Yeah, you know what we wear anyone want to check them out check the mail. You're on YouTube as well and just yeah, you're everywhere so everywhere. But definitely check out the album and degenerate art. That's the one and have you any idea when you're bringing out your new stuff. And if we do an EP is already recorded if you do an album then hopefully later this year cool. I know make research is booked up for ages as well. He's busy busy man. Very well keep an eye out for the strangers of corns new stuff and check out degenerate art. Okay? No, we're going to close with another one of your songs. That's what was the one saying I think yeah, I think it is. I think that's the one. All right, so I'll talk to you again, and thanks for at if you've survived this long with us. Thank you very much, and we will talk to you soon. Are you it takes a bit of