Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows soWhat is this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly conspiracies, but that's not what I'm focusing on. I know it sounds conspiracy say compare The Conspirator a whatever but you know, I just kind of throw it out there. So my little podcast here is to be quite a I guess you could say mix of bits and pieces, you know viruses aliens ghosts. You name it? I got it. Well, no, I don't. I hope they don't all I do. Thanks for listening. It was a great life and give all my stuff to the aliens. What what aliens never mind we'll talk about them later. So to they or at R2 Night, it is a 9:30 in the evening. So, you know, it's nighttime or daytime depending on where you are. Well, I can't to say a lot. I'm sorry, if you've tuned out because of that. I do apologize. This will get better. So let's start the first ever episode. What is we gonna talk about today or tonight or whatever? Well, I'm just gonna go and have a little look here on my little notes. Yeah show notes amazing. We got show notes are So we're going to talk it out the current I guess you could say situation in it as it world today or tonight. They're coronavirus covid Sarah's whatever you name it. It's got it be it got to be it anyway, so what is it about? Well, I'm sure you've probably listen to loads of podcast about SARS and all that crap ladybug. Take about this. No. I've just seen this online a while back and in 1720. There was their Great Plague that really a lot of people up going to put a bead in there. But anyway, and then 80 and 20 cholera 1920 Espanola flew the Spanish flu and what have we got now, we got there coronavirus. Well, hopefully we don't got the coronavirus but you know, I mean here's Will tarnish okay. It's weird fish. It is spreading like wildfire, you know as those Moe's far as I guess you could say where I live. There's actually crazy people just go down the street and saying this bacteria is going to kill us all on like I feel like on and say maybe it's not a bacteria. It's a virus. I mean if you want to talk about bacterias man, that shit is scary because I've already Iris and a bacteria are two different things and just terrible actually currently here. We cannot get hand sanitizer. This really sucks. You know, what do we do? What we do? Well, my suggestion is get yourself a bottle of vodka wash your hands with that have bats and vodka because apparently Corona don't like vodka or alcohol for that matter and no for all the secret are hurting. The coronavirus is because of Corona beer the / guys in Corona beer, I mean They're trying to run a business and you won't drink their beer. I mean personally, I think coronavirus Croc. But anyway, you know, some people like it some people don't. So 2022 coronavirus. Is this the new plague well, if you think about it, it's I mean it is serious and it is definitely worse than the flu. I mean, you know, he was saying, oh, it's just like a bad flu base amount of reading that shit. Ain't true. This is not like a bad flu. It's a lot worse and still on. Well, we can't really find a cure come we are a vaccine because it seems that Pho is evolving, but where did it come from? Hmm. Everyone is saying where did it come from? Well, did it come from what Market or was it here is the conspiracy was a man-made or alienate? Yeah, Alien made of don't worry. Don't worry. I'm not naming freak or am I maybe I'm an alien. I don't know. Yeah lizard eyes, and she anyway we don't know. To tell you the truth. I mean, I'm not gonna go on a whole rant about it. I mean it's scary, you know, and I'm usually a king hypochondriac time. Nicky super panicky, but I mean You get it get it walking to do is hope for the best. I mean, it's fatality rate isn't so high yet. I'm not going to say definitely it's not too high because we don't know like it's still it's still testing and I'm not a scientist. I know nothing about science. So don't call me another has any doctors or professors listen here, you know more about this shit to me, but I still think bacterias are sentient beings because those are the folks Curtis evolve and change evolve and change and I mean on a bacteria bacteria. Hey, let's be mates. Let's make a new bacteria. And then we're covering the place in antibacterial sprays and all that, you know, and when I was a kid, we didn't have stuff like that. Oh, yeah Gia. I'm an old motherfucker. No, not at all. But anyway, I mean I was out in the garden eating fucking soil, you know, you know, you see kids nowadays you leave them out in the garden, so no don't touch it. Don't touch this dirty. I mean, you gotta go Some like soil and shit in here to make your immune system stronger, you know consequently your cell phone antibacterial sprays and all that stuff. I mean, there's good in there bad bacteria, you know antibacterial spray doesn't care if it's good or bad it will kill them all like some bacterias we need you know, anyway, that's enough about the Corona virus. Let's hopefully I can find a vaccine and is it man-made or not? That's that's of your own discretion. Action, okay, maybe one more Ting. What if it's Nature's way of saying fuck you you Manatee. You have messed me up. I mean climate change. Come on, that stuff is real people say no. Well not people a certain president of a certain country reckons. It's not real. We're not going to talk about him or her and climate change is definitely real. I mean, look at what happened in Australia. Yeah. Yeah. I know some of that was manmade manmade but I mean Look at the damage done doing what allies lost and now this. You know climate change is definitely real. So listen to Greta turn burgstahler name because that little girl knows it all. I mean she could be our new fucking world ruler, you know, and wi sort of stuff I've over I mean she's buried at most of the politicians out there, you know. So what are we going to talk about next? Okay off the ground of our subject. We will keep You update on that? Well, actually Twitter and the News will probably keep you up there and I'm not going to keep you updated. I'm not in use reader. So, you know, that ain't my thing the dog was barking in the background. Dogs are great, aren't they? Okay. So here's another one. Has anyone actually heard of the Georgia Guidestones. This is an interesting one. Now. Let's say let's have a look here at the Georgia Guidestones. Google them are kind of freaky. Maybe just some crazy rich guy who just put Hello to the new Ten Commandments to cleanse the Earth and have 500 millionaires are five million or 500 million people every juice the population to 500 million Google. Oh, you know what? I mean? Oh wait. Wait is this crawling back in the coronavirus? Is this their way of wiping your Humanity? Oh, probably not. I mean we got to to play we got to the Spanish Flu. We got two researchers version 1.0 and there were on version. I don't like I say I wasn't going to focus more on a This this is a live virus. We hopefully will there be the little bastard or bitch, you know or whatever. I don't know. I'm not gonna judge its gender. You know, it's genderless. I don't know and equal rights and all that, you know, and maybe it doesn't have a gender. I don't know he is a general any way around and actually have you seen racing on the news and there is alien life amazing NASA have found proteins on a me. French proteins. There you go. So yeah aliens are here in approaching for him. So get it into pint of milk nice bit of protein and that as well. So maybe milk is for Megan's. I don't know what of cows Reagan's and they produce alien milk. That was a really interesting little thing. Like I say, this is only going to be a short podcast and introduction. I will be taken you a little deeper. Down let's say the rabbit hole and just before I go and hopefully you enjoy my little short podcast and I really think you guys should look up naively optimistic. These Lads are absolutely hilarious and hopefully I'll work a bit more with them in the future when I get more of my podcast open one. Anyway guys, thanks for listening to me for at least 10 10 20 minutes now, sorry 10 minutes. Have more stuff later. Take care, and thank you kindly.