Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free.Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun Okay, because I got a big uh, okay if I've got you baby girl K vegan. Hope you guys Rio or does it mean darling Oh, yeah. Yeah, babe. What does it mean Jen? It means friend friend. We've got our friend Rio here today. And today we're going to talk about our kind girls and boys be friends just friends. Trends just means platonic friend but tonic friendship, you know, does it work? Yes, I know so just as a yes or no, Jen. Yeah, RI. Yes. Yeah, may I don't know really? I don't know for me. It's also a yes. So since you're the the I don't know. I don't know I will start so we were discussing about this before and what we wanted to talk about actually is growing up with the environment of boys and girls. Yeah, and the difference between me compared to the rest of them is that the rest of them is that I'm a very girl's girl. So I literally went to an all-girl School in uni, I went to I lived with all girls for at my you need guys on my third year. I I lived with Two girls and they're in there. Oh my literally, oh my dance my darling when I used to be an adult that would dance group. It was an all-girls dance group. Yeah. Everything is all goes where I work as a health facilitator is an all-girls team. Wow, so I'm a very old girls girls and I don't really have male mates. And I don't know and obviously yeah, I don't feel like I'm kind of the opposite. Mmm. So for me like growing up so I have loads of siblings, but I grew up with and lived with one of them. Who so he's a couple years older than me but like growing up. So obviously it got to a point with my brother would have friends ran the house and like be going out and stuff. Yeah. Unlike so Rio is actually one of my brother's friends. They were friends from likes its primary school, but because of that I was just always used to having or being in an environment where it's girls and boys and on top of that or because of that my mum was used to seeing me interact with males and have male friends and she knew and understood like there was nothing more to it. So I think that's kind of fun me. That's why I do believe. Fat girls and boys can be friends because I have a couple of male friends and it's just just friendship. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Really. Am I especially as you all know by now, like obviously my parents are very embedded in the Filipino culture. Like it would always just be a group of boys and girls and parties Boys and Girls Camp here with like Jen when were younger boys and girls, so it was never really a thing thing for me. Yeah. How about you re well for me? He like back in the day. I think it was more easier for me to I don't know. Hang on myself with pretty much goes really. Yeah. I don't know. I think those are easy are that to chill with talk to you? Almost one of them people that would chill with most of the guys. Yeah, it's nice with cows. I don't know. Okay again, don't be feels easier. That's funny because you've got free Brothers as well. So obviously it like one would assume you were just boys boys boys, but it's interesting that you said that so muffle is yeah. That's what they all say, but we always wanted a sister. So and your mom's always been Like it was never a thing that your mom was like, oh, why is he talking to a girl? Yeah, especially when I'm glad you guys around like it was there wasn't a thing. Yeah. It's nothing really I think it does kind of take back my yes because it can't it kind of depends on circumstances. So like if you were talking about like two x's then becoming just friends. It just gets a bit tricky. But if you're talking about two people who just met and just like have always just been friends then it works true. So I think it just depends on like circumstance. So do you think two people who are once in an interview intimate relationship could never be just put on it friends ever again? Mmm. Well, would you like ballet? Yes to a degree like I feel like you're always it depends on how serious the relationship was. If obviously but you definitely you always kind of have a soft spot if that's what you want to call it now Banda, but I feel like to just be friends. I would rather just not do it at all. So I think let's define friends. So is it like I talking about? Every dating me and not bad at all every day. I tell ya that's true. I like interacting all the time then because that good enough. I will call Rio my friend. I talk to him once a year pretty much pretty much. I see you on here she-dummy so her birthday. Yeah, literally is jokes, but I think as well we've all gotten to like the age where it's just like we all understand we don't have time to speak every day, but that doesn't mean we've fallen out or we're not cool. So I think yeah like it gets to a certain age where yes, we all have to understand you can't communicate every day. But like as you said if you speak to her once a year, but you still consider him your friend. Yeah. So there's also obviously that Point of view I mean who speaks every day apart from if in a relationship hmm that's flipping long just me that Islam. I like we're free. Oh like we could just call him out of nowhere. Yeah. I like going to say let's talk about our relationship with re yeah, I think a lot of people from outside my sadly. I did my head might sort of think Hmm Ria Java Crush her nose. Is babe maybe because like tomato we've gone out bowling. So obviously this ask for you goes plus re oh, yeah. Oh, not me. Yeah. So Rios one of the girls are you would have sleepovers and yeah just be wreathing. Like am I may be rare? Yeah and the other shoe. So like I do think it's very possible but so our friendship with Rio, I think it's something else. That's right. It's got to a point where like we're so comfortable that we can like we're whatever we want around re and not feel uncomfortable about him looking at us in a certain way. Yeah, because we know the Friendship is there. Yeah, like and like we can have no eyebrow. My hair looking mad no lashes on my God body parts. Jion's mom on holiday. Yep, as a group. It was up free girls to boys hmm siren so it high and it shouts the rim, but like I do think is very possible, but then befriend yeah. A hundred ish but we've known well you guys have known Rio from day one. I know I've known real from day to yeah, I just jumped from home. I think Jen mentioned this like when people just meet up like just me that How does it go from then? Because obviously we grew up with each other. Yeah. That's what makes it a bit different because having said that I'm trying to think of like a male. friend that I've made and like we actually still someone keeping contact that I haven't known since day one. Mmm, and you guys think of anyone I've actually don't talk to anyone yet. You don't talk to anyone. But yeah, don't you think because because we've known him for so long and we've known each other for so long that's what makes the friendship I guess more easy and comfortable because yeah, that's true. Yeah. I've made a new friend. It's nice when? Close. Yeah, but your call. Yeah, and it would in my head. I know it would never ever progressed into something more than just a friendship. Yeah, have you guys ever had a friend of the opposite sex who you are? Just friend. You will call everything call and then that person just goes and decides to have feelings for you. Oh, here we go. Recently a Jen laughs in my bra. It's not why you go good dude, bro. Could you not just a bro? Yeah. What re why you shaking your head? How how bad was the Fallout? Well, basically we're just talking like that normal friends. Yeah. So was friends came crap closer friends and suddenly you should call feeling from there. It gets all sticky mad. If I Laughter really? So are you just D talk now or well you kind of saw it out now, but okay. This is weird, you know, hmm and sometimes but inside you think the friendship could ever be the same again then depends on both people like if both can agree on terms between you see them. I don't see why not same same I just wouldn't be able to do it. So if so the person that you're clearly thinking about it, Lie about your not friends now no and they caught feelings for you. Yeah, but I feel like when I feelings get involved you've just going to ruin everything now because because they're always going to want more. Yeah, I know you're not gonna give their last true. So it's like what do you want look like just gets better take Eli that is true. And also like vice versa if I was friends with someone and I had caught feelings for them. I wouldn't expect them to stick around as if yeah, because then I know that It's just going to be too hard for me to just be your friend if I know that I like you kind of thing. Yeah, so, is that a situation where you just get over the person liar? You're gonna have Lego. Yeah. That's a shame though. See this topic is a bit. It's picky now that I'm here going. So no gone. Now that I'm thinking about it kind of seems like he can only be friends with the opposite sex if you've known them from day one, it's true. We've spoken to that way, but I honestly love to disagree but I can't actually vouch bring everyone's. Yeah, I don't have the evidence so I can't actually well I even nah. Well, I've made a couple friends like actual someone I'd caught a friend from like six form. We don't necessarily speak often. But when call like I reckon if I caught a body I could call him. Oh, I'm sorry like But like if I was in some deep shit and like there was no one else to call. I feel like I could call that personal right all yeah, so like we're not actually friend like friends friends. We don't really catch up and me up but I don't know the communications there, I guess tonight. I feel like I feel like it's very possible. But well, I'm gonna go back to like how I grew up and how my parents Raised me. So well, I'm the only girl they kind of raised me to make me think in my head that it was weird for me to have male friends. That's that me actually as a girl. Yeah, that's like me because like they will look at me and think like what do you mean you have a friend like who's a male 1 like in the head? They're always going to think like it's going to be more than that. Like she's got a boyfriend. She just lying to me that they're just friends kind of thing. Yeah. So like in my head, I was fought like novios and boys can't just be friends because of the way that my parents kind of yeah showed me that like it's wrong not wrong, but it's weird for a girl to have male friends. I definitely agree with that especially coming from an all girls. Like I mentioned we all went to an all-girl school every time I would like mention a guy. My mom would be like, where did you even find them? Yeah, go to school. How did you but we're doing it. I guess I'll tell her that but it's different. It's not like we're like it's not like in the front of their head. They're thinking. Yeah, they're linking them off to school true. That's actually true. But after school, well it will they make it. It was a link. I was a good girl in it. But it away baby cuz that's East London buses. By the way. If you're think you are these numbers. Wow, but having said that because Jen you're a girl of free. Like I find that mad because I'm the opposite so I only had like my one brother who I lived with but my parents were proper like they'd never ever saw it as a thing if I had my male friends or if they saw me talking to Mel's. Do you know what it is is because growing up my parents never really allowed friends over. That is me. When are you ever in my house that show now you're never at your house. Over yeah always saw it. If I had like the odd friend like you guys and Rio then they'd kind of be like hmm because even my brother wouldn't count because their parents know me. Yeah, of course, so like that's where that went. That's where it comes from because I never really had friends over my brother's never really had friends over your birthday's though. You always do it when I was young God. Never really had any parties. I didn't really invite friends over. It was always me going to there. That's me hundred percent even till now. Yeah, I'm always out yours. No one can come to my house. No one is invited. I think I've been to her house like what three times in your life life of I'm so used to not having anyone at my house. Even when I was at Uni people would want to come to my room and I'm just like no like let me come to yours and when Come I'll feel so awkward because I don't know how to host. Like I've never had people come to mind. So I don't really have friends to accommodate because I never really had friends to accommodate in my own house true. No one's allowed host man this I know you do good host. And I love coming to your house and that's why that's actually why yeah, everyone's oh my parents do like people come over. It's just one more little yeah, they were a bit like mmmm. I mean they're my kids. They're Dena me. I don't know if the if I bring someone to my house and I don't like that. Yeah that way because I've never done it before. Yeah, that is true question. Have you guys ever had feelings for a friend of the opposite sex, but I never said let you just kept it to yourself what really weird? No, I don't think I have either What in in our friend? Group, no, just in general. Wait wait. Yes, I have and you kept it to yourself for a dime off that be oh wait. No. No, I think even to myself. Did you shoot a sure cheese? What? Don't wink at me young days bro and don't count like feel like when you're young the lines are so blurry because she's just you want to chirps everyone everyone and everyone. Why not? Oh my gosh. That's so true. So let me ask the question again. Do you think girls and guys can befriends I think as long as like the boundaries are set not saying you have to set them but I mean it's not like you know, what I was gonna say. I like breaking rules be you know, what's funny. We don't have bad dreams of Rio who is do not have boundaries and they won Emmys, but then every day Because of the environment yeah because we wouldn't do that here. It's just waste your yard in our bikinis. Like Mom would look a snack. What are you doing? What I'm doing the same. Not saying you have to sit down and have a conversation. Like I don't like you you don't like me but like there has to be the mutual understanding that we're just friends and actually a foot just popped into my head. I feel like it comes down to attraction so they have to be a bunting and I haven't said bunting a buzz. You just have to not be attracted to the person for stock. Sorry Rio. But we're not there like we're not attracted to be original texts. Mario's attracted to us. He's just keeping it in himself doesn't he is free of us is no shooting. Enjoy. Sorry for ya. How would you not do you think boys and girls can be friends? It's a yes or no answer. / I don't know because my answer is I don't know really. Yeah, I don't know because I actually don't have male friends not from me. I think there's a lot of factors that you have to consider but they can yeah, like I think I've entered a yes but in general like It's a bit tacky still I figure oh, yes, you know, do you think I actually am I yeah, you really are I am I think--'cause like my friendship Rio is just my living proof of that. Yeah, it's true. What's yours then Jen? I think yes the same of with Jews Like Rios living proof that we can just be friends of guys. Yeah, like we've never ever like Kiss the anything that's happened that we've just let slide like we've never gone there. Yeah, probably please like yeah, I'm sure people might be thinking you're like no no. No, we just we actually just friends. Yeah. Yeah, and but having said that if you guys have already had like if you have history, I just don't think it can work Boyle never going same word. Yeah, like if one of you catch these feelings or you both catch feelings and in something shit happens, you can't go just as friends going forward. It just does not work. I don't think anyone yet question. Have you guys ever been in a relationship and your partner has not liked one of your opposite sex friends Golfing in. Whoa, I think it might be a girl thing actually. No, no, no, actually no, but you've never been in a situation with a girl where you don't like one of her male friends or you just have a weird vibe or feeling about is probably a minor one, but it's not nothing to see nothing to take action on course. Not really. I think it depends on the person who's on the girl. I feel like if we was to ever have a serious relationship, they would really need to get on with us. Yeah, it's not. Yeah, so I feel like that so I feel like girls really have an eye. Hmm for other girls in relation to their part. Yeah, I do get ya do well your question again. Sorry. I'm have you ever been in a relationship and your partner has not liked one of your oh, okay. Yeah. Okay six friends. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like girls have a good eye for when another girl has because I thought I'd boys are so blind to it. Like you can turn the boy this girl like you and they'll be like move you do. We're just friends. Yeah your face your face worried about her. That's the exact one. You have to worry about. All right. That's the line don't have to worry about them. Don't piss we're just friends. Have you ever pulled that line area? Liar Monday my Liars, what would you mean we exaggerate not I think like I said, I think it depends on the person so being in a relationship for so long. Is why I don't have male friends also and because of his personality, he has a loads of girl mates, you know, and you can't really have to say anything. It has say anything you can't yeah, it's true. You just are really depends on the person and their personality and how they are Charming. Yeah because you'll be creating shit in your head. That's not even that's not even sometimes but sometimes they're so I think I'd have an issue with a new friend not friend. That's already been there. It's the new friend thing. That's true. Yeah, that's what I don't have an issue with yet. No, actually 100% you just come from nowhere. We're sorry. Where did you come from? Where has he collected? You first lease? Where did you meet her time and date? Let me see that conversation know you'll agree. It's question again. Trust me. I keep forgetting question, you know, and I said like if Say for in a relationship and then say if your girlfriend has made a new friendship with a male, would you what's your opinion or take on it? I said that that's where I have an issue. Yeah, that's a hard one. Why elaborate or depends on the other person do one who bought a new guy the new how he is to go all is his intention. Yeah. Okay. That's what that's what that's why it sort of got first every time. It's not then you just gonna lie, but say you haven't met him but you know about his being so I say if your girl was just like so you called your girl randomly and just like how you're right and say she said yeah I'm with so and so that's a nice thing. You know, what why is he calling know you so so say we're boyfriend and girlfriend. Yeah, and you know say Saturday and you've just randomly called me to just want to hire you right? How was your day? But yeah, I'm good, whatever and then I'm like, okay, like I'll call you back in a bit and just out with Matthew. I'm a few is the new friend that I have made but you haven't met him yet. What would your opinion of me? I want to jump into that any conclusions. You wouldn't jump. I think this girls like Tom he's goes, that's what you'll be. Like, don't you leave her be and then would you you just leave it obviously that on obviously I miss her but he was his Pablo. I can imagine that we've re M inverse. It is very calm. Yeah, that's why I do mention. I really depends sure the demon something is different about you really think with your head. Yeah, I just don't think so. No, I think we've everything but my hair I'm say to her last dress. Okay, interesting, very interesting. I so what about our parents then because obviously we picked up on stuff from them and what we saw. My mom definitely did not have male friends at all. She had all her matters. We were always here and obviously my dad would just have a gang of guys as well. Mmm, and that would kind of be her only friends. Yeah, like my mom's male friends were my dad's friends. It was never like she had her own male friends kind of thing. And that's the same with my dad as well. Like my dad will have an odd Todd black work me who happened to be Filipino who became closely, of course. But other than that, like my mom didn't have male friends, my dad didn't have female friends. So in my head, I was already like separate. Yeah, but Mom and Dad don't do that. So yeah. Yeah, that's exactly like me. I've only seen my mom have female friends. My dad male friends his workmates and I don't really see them to be honest. But if we were to go to a like a family function it I'll be like my mom's friends and then the husband does it. Yeah, it's true does it and then my dad will speak to the husband so just like separation but a hundred percent. Yeah, you know what that's so true Jen, you know, yeah. My mom only has female friends. How about you worry your parents Well, mine's the best friend. Yeah. My mom's quite young. Yeah your mom. So cool, man. She's a cool mom. She pretty much gets along with everyone so male and female. Hmm, so doesn't the wasn't at home base just female my slap male and female. Yeah, your mom was mixed born and raised here in it. Yeah, I guess that makes a little bit of a different. Maybe she's sick though. She's fluent Tagalog and yeah, your mom's so cool, man, and they're so happy for me. So obviously campy being like the basketball. What do I got functions? Yeah basketball function within London. I don't know who was friends with who first by like obviously when my parents would be like would organize campy and all of that. They had their little gang gang. Obviously they were all at husband and wives and they all made friends. I don't know if my dad knew them first and my mom or whatever they met them not. Oh, no, they didn't meet their butt. They like that's their circle of friends, I guess but it would always be a thing where like I'm used to just seeing aunties and uncles everywhere. They were all friends and like they I'm sure like, they could go out and like one partner of doesn't necessarily have to be there but on a whole like they went on a cruise together. Like there's like five of them that is friendship Goldust my parents friendship group that's acid like 20 years now. Yeah Partners, but yeah, so like I've always just been used to Boys and girls aunties uncles pleasing you me and Jenna different regions in the middle. And then I'm knocking the other side. Yeah, we're lying polar and then what about re-raise with you? Yeah, I think you're with me. Yeah, cause it's always just been boys girls big group of people and it's never been a thing like that or anything. Yeah girl power forever. Yay. boy, so for artists Miss of this week, basically this think I was talking to just some random person who deemed me and he said to me If you're surnames Torres, I mean if your Filipino why is your surname Torres? So I said, huh? Hi so dumb. What is a Filipino should person I'm supposed to be like then I think he was trying to get because it's funny. Yeah, like he was trying to say like you're not Spanish. So why is your surname Torres? Can he go have some history lessons, please unfair? This is why we have the podcast by so silly. Yeah. Yeah, he ignore it. Did you did it often? Yeah brother from that. Oh, is it a bit as it was any way that they would also make you I just saw like something about if your Filipino and your son and I just fought right? Okay, like and then you know when they bust them dead jokes like, oh are you Fernando Torres is nice look just like clearly fucking nor do I have bread you've reached the end of another episode with your favorite cheese mosses if you're eager to learn. More about us and the culture find us at to to cheese Meats on all platforms.