Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change. Ask time Ross Kenyon today is a bonus episode. It's just me and I am here with Daniel Paul Kincaid who is a conservative Outreach fellow at citizens climate Lobby. He is also a PhD physics students at the University of Colorado Boulder and the chapter co-leader of the boulder CCL group. Thanks for being here Daniel. Thank you so much for having me Ross indeed. Thanks for helping us get in touch and Daniel. You've been doing some very interesting work with the citizens climate Lobby and we're going to get into all of that, but maybe to set the stage. Age how exactly did you get involved in this type of activism? And what is a conservative Outreach fellow? How do you spend your time? Essentially? Yeah, absolutely. So I got into this space in 2017 at the the urging of one of my friends. I was looking for something political to do. Honestly. I felt that I really liked my physics research. I look for dark matter and I found it very intellectually fulfilling but I didn't feel like it was satisfying my desire to do something that helped people. The here and now and my friend Lindsey talked me into coming to a Citizens climate Lobby meeting. It's a Grassroots organization. That does does outreach across the political spectrum and has a reputation for being very bipartisan Lee effective, which is not easy to come across frankly in the climate space. When I went to the the first meeting I was I was pretty instantly sold. I got into this group and I found I could engage in politics in a way where it really resonated with my my intuitions about out what what I wanted my political engagement to look like it was a very thoughtful and reasoned mode of political engagement which nonetheless allowed for for an atom and see on the issues that I cared about on the on the issue particularly of climate change and in that did it in a respectful way that has had meaningful tangible success bringing conservatives into the space. So I actually from somewhat early on in my time in CCL. I've always felt as or more comfortable in the climate space, which I think is somewhat unusual. In this area talking with conservatives. I feel a lot of the where where conservatives are coming from when it comes to kind of the cultural grievances that exists that the inform the the unfortunately the climate discussion in our country and I felt I was able to talk to that and have constructive conversations. I'm myself kind of all over the political Spectrum. I don't fit easily into one camp or the other but I started working with with groups. I was already involved with I started working since started. Working with college Republican groups and County Republican groups in bringing in key conservative stakeholders into productive climate conversations around around in our case carbon pricing policy. Wow, will Kudos sounds like you're at least making some degree of progress and I'm happy just those conversations are being had at least then people know exactly what is being proposed. What is being said? It isn't just some distant people and given that the internet works this way. You really unless you're like a part of Community you only hear the nastiest thing that various groups say if you're not in the mix that's just what gets reported, you know, if it bleeds it leads that whole thing. So that's good. I think what you're doing is important and also just not as a I always compare this this sort of Outreach thing to conservatives with climate change. There's have you seen that Sacha Baron Cohen Show, who is America I have yes. Yeah. I always think of it like the the healing The Divide where the progressive guy just goes and tells people how will they are in the most awkward way possible? That's what I yeah, that's like the bad faith version of what you're trying to do. So I like when there's a good-faith version of it or yeah, I think I think is probably more successful. I think I think his parody is actually spot on there. I think there actually is a bit of that that happens in our real climate conversation and you know citizens climate Lobby is trying to infuse a deeper level of thoughtfulness and in how people engage, you know, whether whether with with people far to the left of them or far to the right of them were or where they are just Trying to meet people where they are in the political Spectrum DDI meeting people where they are is yeah, I think a pretty good strategy for for doing. So even just like one of the goals I have for this podcast is crying too. I don't always agree with everyone who comes on or everything that they say but I try to interpret it charitably talk to everyone like they're human, you know not browbeat them to too hard even if that might be a fun rewarding thing to do personally, so, I don't know I think I think that's the way to go. I liked it. It matters. If it doesn't I've been wasting my time, please tell me I haven't been wasting my time Daniel. I don't think you've been wasting your time. I think it's not easy work to create a space where you know anger can fuel a lot of politics in the the short term and I think this is not really climate specific so much as specific to us politics in the current moment, but a lot of our politics seems to me to be fueled off of from coming from the right and the left anger at the other side all too often rather than a positive vision of the future. And I think you know there's there's not right now a big Market in the click Beatty world that we live in for positive visions of the future that don't seek out villains and monsters and boogeymen, but I think it's nonetheless possible to create that Vision because I think that Vision has real Merit and I think people respond to that when they listen to it enough and when it comes out them from enough angles, and so I think you're working. This space is not a waste of time in the least. Thank you. I'm happy to have the reassurance. Assurance and it sounds like you are not merely speaking with people in your community. You're also involved with some of the big projects that CCL has going on. Like I saw that there was a conservative Lobby day and there's a bill that citizens climate Lobby appears co-authored or maybe even just authored themselves and has been trying to get passed at the federal level. So what all is happening with CCL in your work out there in DC? Yeah. So I live in Boulder, Colorado. Oh, but I travel to DC somewhat regularly for my work in citizens climate Lobby and I'll first I'll first talk about what that looks like and then talk about like you mentioned the bill that we're fighting for right now. So citizens climate Lobby is the name suggests is an organization based on the idea of Citizen lobbying. I think we think of the lobbying space all too often as a space reserved for you know, the high-powered lobbyists somebody who can make a lot of promises and has a lot of money behind him or her and goes into these offices and is you know, it's unfortunate that this is our kind of canonical image for thinking about our right to petition our government. It's much more natural in my mind and a much better concept to think of the lobbying space is a space that exists for well organized groups of citizens to talk to their congressmen who are who after all they're paying the salaries of who work for them to go to Washington DC and so I view myself as an ultra low powered lobbyists, but a low-powered Lobby With a lot of other ultra-low-power lobbyists at my side and in what we lack in, you know Financial clout or anything like that. We make up for in numbers and insincerity in the fact that we are the constituents often of the the people we are lobbying. So on our recent conservative Lobby day, this was a first of a kind of event for us, we've had a lot of Lobby days for Citizens climate Lobby dating back about a decade or more and the conservative Lobby day, you know, we run a bipartisan organization and the mat the critical mass of conservatives in our organization kind of hit the Recently where we felt that it was appropriate to fly everybody down to DC. Let people connect from across the country feel that community in person of people who you know, don't fit into the stereotypical left-of-center space where you want climate action, but or in a center or right of Center or libertarian space where you nonetheless see climate as a very high priority issue. And then from there we go into Congressional offices. We meet with staff we've developed really terrific relationships with these So at this point in our organization's history, we really when we go into an office we often get the legislative director. We often get the top energy Aid. Sometimes we get the representative or Senator him or herself. We sit down and we have these meetings. They often we place a kind of prime value on the role of constituents in these meetings. So we'll often have several people from in District in these meetings. And we all have roles in the meetings. They're very well organized and well thought out in advance, but we build in a nimbleness and flexibility because the Congressional office Often wants to take the conversation in a different direction maybe wants to disagree with us or have a healthy skepticism about the policy we're pitching and so having you know, we have a lot of trainings for our volunteers who go into these spaces, but the best training is actually doing it. So by the you know, your first Lobby meeting is frankly a terrifying experience. You're you know, if you're anyone like me you haven't been in the halls of power before you go into Congress. It's these are kind of intimidating imposing buildings with with all their old style architecture and Marble and you you go in and you're in an office and you can barely speak and by the tenth time you do this, you're firmly in the mindset that these people do work for you and that you're here to have your here to kind of jump into the important meat of the issue and to really have a policy conversation and a politics conversation about where we are and where we can go on policy. So that's the first half of the answer to your two part question. The other part was about the specific legislation that we're doing all this lobbying on behalf of so it was it was for the longest time. I'm a proposal that we called carbon fee and dividend it consists of placing a price on the extraction of fossil fuels and that price will get passed along throughout the supply chain ultimately in large part to Consumers and will it but also, you know through businesses and through corporations companies and will at every stage of the supply chain at every stage of the economy disincentivize the use of fossil fuels to precisely the degree that they put greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. So what I mean by that is coal, for example All and it's more CO2 when burned then does natural gas or then does petroleum and so it gets taxed at a slightly higher rate per kilowatt-hour of energy that you extract from it that price that we then collect into a fund with the treasury instead of using it for a government program or anything like that. We take the money and we give it straight back to the American citizens is what we call a carbon dividend in this simultaneously answer is the biggest concern that progressives have about carbon taxes in the biggest concern that concern votives have about carbon taxes progressives feel that carbon taxes are regressive because they are they hurt poor people fractionally more than richer people. Well the dividend actually reverses that Paradigm because the dividend is more Progressive than the tax itself is regressive conversely conservatives feel that a carbon tax is just a liberal ploy to grow government all too often. It's a way of raising money for a government that they don't want to grow anymore and ensuring that the the fund is revenue neutral and that the money goes back to Citizens rather than being For the enlargement of government meets conservatives where they are and says, okay, we hear that concern and the financial mechanism itself is the way we reduce greenhouse gases and the money doesn't go into growing government this sort of policy by the way is not something we came up with the idea has been around for a while. It was It was kind of come about from Bill nordhaus a recent Nobel prize-winning Economist and on that note the the economics Community is very much behind this proposal in particular. There was a letter in the Wall Street Journal We're 3500 economists including I think 27 or so Nobel laureates every former living chairman of the FED virtually every former living chairman of the Council of economic advisers to the president said a carbon fee and dividend proposal like ours is not only an effective approach but the most cost-effective approach to reducing emissions in this country. So it's a powerful planets well vetted it's supported by a number of conservative and liberal thought leaders and stakeholders, but it's not it's not We kept a ton of media play. So it's something that we have to do our own advertising for and build up a knowledge and awareness of in constituencies in the population. So is this bill the energy Innovation and carbon dividend Act is it so in the legislative process? I imagine that there are competing bills that are not taking the same fee and dividend approach. There are some that are just carbon taxes. There's other approaches that are more comprehensive like the green New Deal and various bills related to that. That entire Paradigm where does it fall and and how is the energy Innovation and carbon dividend tax prospects right now relative to its competitors. Yeah. So great question. I should have I should have myself also mentioned that this this bill since being kind of conceived of as a carbon fee and dividend proposal when it was introduced in the House and Senate in the Congress of 2018 is called the energy Innovation and carbon dividend act. It's currently just in the house as HR 7 6 3 is the Number of people want to look it up there. There are a lot of other carbon pricing proposals floating around right now. There's the market Choice act which has multiple Republican co-sponsors on it ours has a Republican co-sponsor and Francis Rooney of Florida as well. There's other proposals that have been put forth by Rooney. There's a bill in the Senate that was put forth by Senator Chris Coons, which currently has Democrats and they're looking for Republicans to add onto this. It's a space where there are a lot of Republicans kind of on the margin in thinking about these these these pieces of legislation but to talk about you know, where this bill stands relative to the others. I've heard the feedback from congressional offices when we go in and say are you interested in kind of us giving our perspective on comparing and contrasting the different carbon pricing bills? Because they really have different strengths and weaknesses. A lot of offices will say no we're interested in hearing about your bill. Your bill is the one with 70-something co-sponsors the others have like five and this is because CCL has thrown its full weight behind this bill talk to Congressional offices. Ask them to Sponsor it got in key endorsements on it from members of the committee's that it's in so the bill is currently in three committees in the house. It's in foreign affairs Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce and it probably won't move out of those committees until we see progress on it in the senate for historical reasons. Frankly. There's the waxman-markey cap-and-trade bill in 2010, which got kind of ahead of itself in the house before there was a real companion in the Senate and one of the historical Lessons Learned From That is too Kind of March these bills slightly better in lockstep. And that's probably where the house is thinking on. This sort of proposal is right. Now it Compares, you know, the other carbon taxes, they certainly tax carbon at different rates are as tends to be a little steeper than most but not all of the others they do different things with the money. So some of them font use it for infrastructure projects. One of them uses it in a kind of tax swap. I believe to reduce income taxes. So there's there's different things for conservatives and and more liberal people to like When it comes to how you assess and what you do with the money from these various carbon pricing bills, you know, the broader space of climate policy climate policy really falls into three categories. There's the category that this bill exists in which is pricing which is the government kind of does the bare minimum thing. It puts a price signal in place by saying we're going to apply a tax to like a thousand or so entities coal mines oil and gas refineries Etc. And we're going to let the the market signal and let the market signal come into existence and lat let let markets do what they do and Foster that Innovation and drive a transition but be technology agnostic. So whichever technology reduces carbon the best in this this view of markets is the one that will come out on top conversely. There are proposals that seek more to work through Government funding. So the government identifies technologies that it views as promising and gives them funds to develop this this is actually interesting interestingly an approach that Republicans have Shown a significantly enhanced level of interest in in the past. I'm going to say like 2 months. This is this is actually quite new minority leader McCarthy has helped fourth us a suite of bills for 2020 some of which are being applauded by the climate Community. But which Aren't Enough frankly in my view these these bills address the problem around the edges. I think of them as you know, each addressing something on the order of 1% of the problem and they're kind of speculative because some of the Technologies are a long way off nonetheless. It's worth it's worth congratulating progress where progress is made and I think this is a meaningful step but you know subsidization of this sorcerer is viewed by economists as being often a less effective kind of per dollar how many tons of CO2 do you reduce means of emissions reductions than pricing the third approach which tends to be much more on the liberal side is regulation. So, you know the advantage or disadvantage depending on your perspective of Regulation is that it can be done. Through the executive more often. You can also of course have regulation passed into law throughout the legislature citizens climate. Lobby has the view that having the legislature involved is very essential for politically sustainable legislation because we need legislation that isn't just turned over as one Administration transitions into the next we need Administration that that has some measure of bipartisan agreement and that also has been passed into law and that it would take a significant amount of energy and effort to repeal. So we can send that signal to companies that hey this is here to stay time to start adapting great. That's all very useful information and leads me to this next question, which is what do you think is the cause of the climate Log Jam? What's it going to take to break it and I imagine it's at least partially reaching out to Independent voters conservative voters libertarian voters more people who are just somewhat Centrist to may not be fully on board for some of what the left is proposing. Is that wrong is it not Located enough. What's it going to take to get some movement? Yeah, there's a lot of nuance I think to be had in this space and and we should be careful not to oversimplify what it will take. It's not it's not simply the case that you know, all we need to do is engage conservatives, you know, liberals many liberals have been flag bearers for this issue for a long time and we're seeing a real uptick in the energy on the left in the center left around climate change and the key is to channel that energy in a way which keeps driving the conversation. word, but you know, there are studies in the social psychology literature which showed that the the type of tactics of that are kind of used in more radical protest movements are actually as we observe quite good it getting large numbers of people energized and in to the movement, but they're also polarizing as a downside and so the often the same tactics that draw more people in from the left can be alienating to people on the right and and you know, people should people should practice their politics in line with their convictions and and what they feel They need to do so, so I'm not here to necessarily to criticize or anything like that. I'm here to say that it's very important to be cognizant of kind of the effects both intended and unintended of our political actions in the climate space. So so one ingredient, I think you're right to point out that it's going to take to move the needle on the climate conversation in the shore and in the long-term is the engagement of conservatives and you know, that that's everyone from from people who are just you know closer to the enter to libertarian minded folk to moderate conservatives to even Trump Republicans to really create a space where people across the political Spectrum feel that climate is an issue. They can get behind and I say this because the threat is big enough to Warrant, you know, we would have no other situation, you know, no other external threat the size of climate change would we ever believe can be handled by half of America with the other half not being on board at all. It would it would have been utter nonsense. In World War II to say okay, we're going to you know fight the Nazis with only half of our people really at all invested in even doing this. So in my mind and in my view and you know, I could cite a number of other studies that talk about the history of legislation in this country. And what what historically does and doesn't work in the the trends of partisanship verse bipartisanship when it comes to these issues but suffice it to say that there's real historical evidence that movements this big struggle a lot when they Fail to create a bipartisan space and so certainly bringing conservatives into the conversation. Is that key ingredient? And you know, it's thought of as as perhaps a very daunting or hard task to do this and in some sense maybe but I think there's a there's a misconception among the public about where the the actual beliefs of a lot of conservatives are when it comes to climate. It turns out that when polled the a strong majority of Including a majority of conservatives see climate as an issue that is that is worth doing something about know the the what to do about it question differs from right to left and meaningful ways, but it's not the case that the kind of very vocal minority. We see saying, you know, this isn't an issue man didn't cause it. That's actually not the the dominant thinking just that people are voicing when asked about this issue right of Center and it's important, you know, the the question in is why aren't we seeing that part of the right take a larger and more prominent role will because the culture doesn't provide that narrative that it's actually it is it is very much in line with conservative values. I mean conservative even at its root has conserved in the name. We want to conserve the things that are good about where our society is and how we've gotten here and one of the things that's good is the Clean Air we have the Clean Water we have in the livable climate we have and so again, it's kind of the creation of a Base is always the phrase I use for conservatives to Rally around this issue articulate the solutions that conservative see is the most effective and then Champion those Solutions in a way that that is empowering and one advantage I've seen that the left currently has in driving so much of the momentum around climate change is that they have a vision of the future and I'm thinking of that video. That was Naomi Klein and Alexandria o kzo Cortez made the drawn one. That's imagining. What a future looks like. after the green New Deal and then of course simultaneously looking into the future with a vision of what a transform America and World looks like there's also this hearkening back to a lot of what is idealize in the past here like the like the New Deal itself sort of has a very Rosy reputation at least among some circles in the United States or they use the language of the Marshall Plan which was seemingly a lot more bipartisan and wasn't nearly as divisive as the New Deal itself was but I don't see much of that from the right at Seems like much of the many of the plays that are coming out of the right are reactive to the left. They don't seem like they have a very strong vision of what this future world. Looks like does it look very different is anything being changed? How do we get there? It's the ambition shown is also seemingly much less than the left has which even if you think the ambition is misplaced or wrongheaded or foolish it at least exists, but I don't see a lot of that from the right. Do you think this characterization is Is is correct are there parts of it that are correct is the right working to ameliorate my perception here. I take your point and I think you're you know, that that's a valid and into some degree Fair Point in the context of the climate conversation that the right has not articulated, you know with Exceptions. There are there are major players on the right James Baker George Shultz former secretaries of State under HW Bush and Reagan or big exceptions to this. Several members of Congress currently but have not articulated a vision which competes with with, you know, in the public perception. Sometimes the vision of the left around climate Solutions. And this is you know, I view this as a real missed opportunity for the right because the right has its own ideas in this space. What I like to say is that we often forget that the best climate Solutions are really right-of-center their these these market-based Solutions which take advantage Each tap into America's Innovative potential to bring down emissions. And if you want to see the the people beginning to voice that positive Vision in a public in the public sphere and see what that looks like. I encourage listeners to look up the group students for carbon dividends specifically students for carbon dividends has a YouTube channel in which they just have some videos which I mean you'll watch them and if there's a part of you that feels, you know deeply patriotic and also deeply wants to combat climate it'll send shivers. Down your spine I would recommend just kind of they're all like one to three minute videos and they feature various climate champions of the right articulating their vision for what a better and brighter future looks like when we take advantage of the strengths of markets to to address climate change, I should also say a word about who students for carbon Dividends are there another group that I work closely with their a group of mostly young. Well, of course students conservatives, who are Are in the climate space and very much want market-driven solutions. They endorse the exact same framework under which citizens climate Lobby is policy Falls a carbon price a dividend and then several other elements of the policy which are also important and there's over 50 College Republican chapters that are signed in to this Coalition. There's also a dozen or so College Democrat chapters. So it's a bipartisan group and there's in college environmental chapters and business and economics groups at is are also part of this this broad Coalition and they're articulating a market-driven vision of a future that looks amazing and is compelling and when you you know, I think I think it's a fair point that the left has taken climate and tied its solution to the solution of other issues, which they view as some of the most Salient issues America faces and I see the logic and the reason behind that what I always say is that citizens climate Lobby is doing something that's that's not actually Lee, you know two different from that it's just it doesn't it doesn't pick political sides when it does this its citizens climate Lobby is tying our solving climate change to our solving our political division issue. We're using climate as a bridge issue to remind Americans that we actually have a lot of common ground because we're championing a solution that gets meaningful bipartisan support and that when people everyday people on the left and right here about it, the most common response is a response of gratitude. And happiness that this is this is now part of the conversation. So whereas whereas one approach is to tie climate to kind of other tangible political issues of the day that have tangible policy Solutions. What citizens climate Lobby is doing is we're tying solving climate change to in a way fixing our democracy from the inside out from the cultural aspects of it by reuniting America around a more prosperous vision for the future. Well nicely done. I mean I asked that was Pretty pointed question so good job holding your own I guess chanyeol. Yeah, I would like to see see more Vision. I listened to a political climate podcast episode with David Roberts from box the other day and this question came up and paraphrasing here his answer to was that it's because the right actually doesn't have a vision for for what is happening and what they want to happen and it hasn't been articulated yet. So wondering Maybe maybe that's what it is. Or maybe it's just too early to say I'm not sure I hope to you know, whether or not I end up ultimately agreeing with it or not. I would like to see that being put on the table where it does feel a little bit haphazard now and it sounds like that's part of what you're trying to do and engaging these people and getting these bills passed which hopefully has something for everyone to like or dislike. That's also the downside of something like that to that bill. Oh, yeah. I mean, I think I you know, I know your podcast is somewhat unique in the climate space for having a constituency of listenership. I just use the word constituency as if I'm in some political office having a listenership of of some, you know, Republican libertarian independent listeners. And so, you know, if you're a person that the agrees with that David Roberts diagnosis and you fear that the right doesn't have a vision right now that it's clearly articulating on climate change, you know, don't just stand on the sidelines. Say well too bad about it, you know help we you know, organizations like citizens climate Lobby are equipped to empower people who want to help create a space for that Vision because that vision is a key ingredient in what's going to dig us out of the climate whole war and its really it's the first law of holes when you find yourself in a hole stop digging and listeners can help with that great. I think that is a good thing for them to do and just for the record. I'm not sure to what degree are audience. Does reflect a membership in Republican party or being conservatives Libertarians? I imagine there are some primarily because we've we've had people on who do share those beliefs and we've been fair to them or what I like to think is fair to them. Like we try to treat everyone that way if you are at was reopened in saying that maybe maybe it's just all liberals listening but in the hopes that your guest list has has turned out some meaningful audience in that space. I hope I'm reaching those people and me too. I think they probably are out there. And mostly what I've heard is people saying like like, oh, thank you. I didn't know that you could be conservative or libertarian and care about the environment. This is such an interesting episode or I get messages from people who identify as independent. I'm trying to remember if I have seen much of that. I think they are out there just because there's not a lot of political or non-political a lot of climate podcasts. Who do what we do although political climate is a good example of trying to be bipartisan or trans partisan in a really thorough going way. But anyways, this is sort of of a bonus content at the end here if someone did want to join you in creating this vision for the right of Center or Independence moderates people who are not necessarily fully sold on the the left and Center left vision of the green New Deal. They want to help you with this. How should they do? So well, I should also say, you know before I give the the short answer of how you can find us to that question citizens climate Lobby is also a real space for the left. The whole point of this organization is where a space that takes people. Where they are in the political spectrum and creates a truly not just nominally but a truly, you know, unifying environment and this is a challenge. It's something that's perpetually a challenge for us. But but a lot of our members, you know, more of them than not actually are left of center. And so, you know, if you find yourself on the left if you're a supporter of a green new deal, but you view carbon pricing as an ingredient in how we reduce emissions. There's there's also a big space in citizens climate Lobby for you. I just happen to work on the right half of our Ian so you can find us at CCL usa.org. You can read about our bill energy Innovation act dot-org. You can also follow me if you like on Twitter at Daniel polycon. So I encourage listeners to to go on to the CCL usa.org and find the nearest chapter to them because we have over five hundred fifty chapters worldwide most of them in the US and Canada, but I think new chapters have recently opened up in the past year or so and in Pakistan and Nigeria all over the world, really. Amazed to see that because it's not just a United States organization. And so if you know listeners find, you know, if you're in the United States chances are there's a chapter near you. I encourage you to find that chapter go to the meeting wherever you are in the political spectrum and find, you know, find not personal empowerment to engage the your the community you live in and the people that represent you in Washington on the issue of climate if it's important to you great. Thank you for correcting me. I don't think I featured that element of citizens climate Lobby nearly strongly enough. So thank you. It isn't just for people who agree with broadly the topics that we've discussed today. It's for people who want to work together on climate policy across the aisle. Is that a better way of saying it? Yeah. Yes. It's a broad space for people who want to work particularly across the aisle from whatever side of the aisle you're on or the center great. Well, Daniel, thank you so much for being here. Thanks for telling us about all of your work. I hope you are successful in reaching more conservatives and Libertarians Independence people that we don't really Problem in the climate World nearly as much as I think we should. All right. Well, thank you so much for us. It was a pleasure. Thank you, and if you enjoy the show, please rate and review us on Apple podcast on Stitcher send this to a friend who might be in the audience that we've just discussed. Maybe the like it maybe they'll really dive into climate change and maybe it'll become one of these activist who's working with Daniel. You never know. Well, thank you so much for listening. But thank you so much for listening. If you like the show, please rate and review it in apple podcast and or Stitcher, it really helps us a lot to get this content to a wider audience. If you think what we're doing is useful interesting fun. Hopefully all three, we certainly appreciate your rating and review you can keep up with Nori at nor e.com where there is a newsletter. That's Nori.com / subscribe, there's podcast there's a whole bunch else or you can send us an email at podcast at nor e.com. We are also now on patreon at patreon.com I'm / Nori podcast if you'd like more content engagement and community and thank you so much for your support.