Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled music and what happensInstruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you teach you welcome to the Lindsay Morrison podcast. Lindsay is a leading. Consultant in the world of group fitness as an international trainer and presenter join Lindsey has she chats all things group fitness Fitness management and interviews industry experts on the latest Fitness Trends stats and insights. Welcome to the Lindsay Morrison podcast. This is episode 15 with Matt Jackson. And Matt says the training manager of for Les Mills China. So in this episodes we talked about what inspires Matt and his teaching and performance how he finds authenticity and actually how they could run a virus is affecting life in China and they can have economic effects that's having on the group fitness instructors and the industry out there, which is really really interesting. He also answers questions from instructors around the world. So I asked Guys to send me some questions for Matt on my social platforms and I got a whole bucket full of questions so I cannot wait for you guys to hear those. I'm absolutely loving the podcast that I'm doing right now and I've spoken to so many amazing people including Matt Clive ormrod the CEO of Les Mills and Kaylee Jack who is one of the Les Mills ambassadors and previous podcasts and within what one caught coaching I have drawn on some of those conversations with my own clients to create Some great results. One thing that I find is that when speaking to instructors that they have these self-made barriers between themselves and creating the desired effect. They want in class a quick technique I use is to bring awareness to what the comfort zone is, which often creates that barrier and something that we call limiting beliefs or example, if your comfort zone is constantly talking and giving coaching points. You need to become aware of this when it happens and stop. And then look around the room with knowledge that this is okay. Now, I'm looking for something to coach rather than just filling the space with random coaching choose planned or unplanned and it's when we become aware of comfort zones that we actually start to use them to our advantage. My comfort zone is not doing podcasts and that's really why I started out doing my podcast was a personal challenge because it was uncomfortable and I knew space for me to explore but look at me now. I've got 7,000 downloads 15. So it's in the bank and I am taking those conversations from my podcast and to my coaching and mentoring and giving my clients value last month. I did my first public speaking gig at Main and Ricky's jump live event, and it was called Be Your Own Boss. The short story is that 15-minute talk is now been turned into a coaching program that were developing to create real confidence in group fitness instructors and how they teach but not only in their classes, but actually how they show up every day and life during March the first five people will sample and test us. So I'm looking for to do people who would benefit from working with me to develop self-confidence To Be Your Own Boss in both your personal and your professional life. All you got to do is simply email me. At Lindsay Morrison got coaching at gmail.com or just even send me a DM on Instagram. My Instagram handle is at Lindsay underscore underscore Morrison right time for the chat with my I hope you enjoyed this episode and I'll see you guys soon. It gives me great pleasure to Welcome All to the Lindsay Morrison podcast Matt Braxton. And Matt Jackson has been a massive massive influence in my fitness journey and group fitness. He was my body pump trainer and I owe a lot to him without his module training. I would never have phoned about Les Mills or you know phone my passion for group fitness. So it's this is a really special podcast very small. Thank you so much for coming on to my podcast. Thank you very much. Lindsay. Great to be here. And man. When was that body pump module that monster in body from 50 to 54 for was it? Yeah, 54 all my word yet. We still look so young. How about that? I know I mean, what are the odds? It's like I was I was thinking just before I came on to the podcast. When was that? So it was bodypump 54 it was 2005. Five. Well, yeah. So 15 years like yeah. Yeah 13 years. I've been you don't have indirect effects lifted weights to music and still loving it knows what's it like then? Yeah, and you are doing amazingly well, and it's so great to see and I appreciate you having me on the podcast. I'm excited. Thank you. Thanks. And so I think we'll just kick off with him for some of the listeners who Be doing no you and your backgrounds and with in Les Mills and maybe out west, you know could just tell the listeners. You know, who has Matt Jackson and what exactly do you do? Yeah, good question. What exactly do I do once I suppose I'm just a small a small country boy from Devon and England's and I ended up doing this Les Mills group fitness thing from about 2002. I was just living in the state's. I was coaching soccer and I was a High School PE teacher and I was training at Gold's Gym. And then one day the manager asks of Gold's Gym came up and said, hey you want to teach bodypump, you know, I think you'd be good at it. My husband's going to go on the training and I want And you and originally I didn't want to go I was like no because I knew nothing about group fitness. Nothing about Les Mills or bodypump but a long long story short me and her husband went on the training. We had a great time and we started teaching Body Pump and so from 2002 onwards was when I started doing this Les Mills thing, but leading into that. I was just a typical sort of boy really I played football and did weight training and I was always sporty at school went off to UNI to Sport Science degree. And then while I was there, I got my football coaching Badges and then that's kind of the reason I went to America was to just do the summer soccer camps. So I guess I've always been in and around Sport and Fitness, but I never really knew like did I want to be a PE teacher did I want to be a physiotherapist and did I want to be a professional footballer? You know, I knew it was something in and around sport, but I think what I found over in the in the USA when I was coaching Kitty soccer was was just I guess a little bit of a talent but more of a passion The coaching and helping other people and it just happened to be that I was doing young kids football and then that developed into doing adults group fitness, but it's still kind of the same thing though. I'm coaching and trying to help and train and Mentor people I just happen to be using Les Mills as well as probably the main vehicle for how I'm able to do that. So, yeah, so now I'm on the training manager of of Les most China. So I'm looking after China Taiwan South Korea. And Hong Kong, so essentially all the instructors assessors trainers and presenters throughout those countries like a I'm the dad Granddad looking after everybody. What a job e what is your job, especially the more tender moment in the current climate, but we'll come on to talk about the coronavirus soon. I'm sure what's happening. Just so being a training manager for Les Mills China. What is a typical day for you in a normal day in the life of that's right. Yeah, that's a good question because I guess the immediate answer is there isn't really a typical day. I mean, I'm super lucky to do the job I do and it has many different facets. So one day I might be delivering a gfm seminar another day. It might be a call to the workshop or I'm doing feedback to one of my trainers or upskill. I could be an SLT meet senior leadership team meeting where we talkin about the budgets then the profit and loss of an event how we can get that across the line. Might be open video conference call with LMI. I mean, it's cool because there's so many different parts to this machine and I get to dip my finger in to all of them. And and I think that's one of the things that keeps it really fresh, but I guess there are some parts that are still typical. So every day involves coffee every day involves lots of emails, you know, trying to contact my team as much as possible. I've got an office that I can go into essentially everything we're doing is trying to get more people in the group fitness retreat. Try and get instructors to a better level. We're trying to engage our instructors so they stay with us for longer. But I'm lucky that I get to travel a little bit and do these different areas of the job. And yeah, and I feel fortunate that I've got the opportunity to do that because I like to feel like I'm getting challenged in that business area because that's still kind of a new part of it to me that the business of Les Mills, but I then get to offer my experience and sort of what I've gained over the years. Friends of the training assessing and presenting, you know out on the field so it kind of Blends The Best of Both Worlds for me. Yeah, do you still go out and deliver training or as your focus? Can I do what else? I mean, obviously we've got the Advanced Training now and I'm here enjoying always we still delivering one which we're going to be renaming but we've still got a product that sort of sits in that space over technique and coaching initial module training is cordially workshops. And we do some some unique things here in terms of seminars and events for instructors and Club support. So I like to still be at the Grassroots level and deliver so partly partly because that's a great way to coach and develop the team, you know, if I mean they're doing it they can see a Life delivery and I can have new trains or presenters with me learning along the way but also it just keeps me grounded in what we're doing and it keeps me, you know understanding the market if I'm out there actually living and breathing it. So yeah, I'm still out there doing it. So there's not as much as I used to do like in the UK. I was pretty much doing a module every weekend, you know, and I remember way back when we launched it David Lloyd we were doing two or three modules a week, you know, it's pretty full on schedule so that those days are long gone, but I'd say each month. I would deliver deliver some of our products and that's sort of keeps me in touch with what's going on. And it's sort of like teaching really, you know, it's it's what you love to do. You don't you don't want to let go of that as you just love being at the coalface delivering the products and you know, and then till I'm too old or too two injured or or just unable to do any more there will me often, but I'll be kicking. This is what I love about our industries that you know, we all have a past. And what we do and there is a longevity and it you just have to be smart about it. Don't you in terms of you know, maybe there's a point where you think to yourself will care and may not be able to do that anymore. But I didn't do this so that you still are I guess teaching and from that place of passion and you're still getting that that endorphin rush from what you love to do. How do you present I mean, I think I'm a good example of that that I tend to use when I'm talking to my team about your longevity or even just your life span within certain areas of the businesses is like I retired from body combat a little while back and part of that reason was I could see the talent that was coming up alongside of me. And this was when I was in New Zealand, so I had I'd people like villes this this there. Young-hee boy. That's just young fit. Good-looking jumps high kicks amazingly. Well super energetic and it's just like wow, this guy's amazing and if I stood next to him, I just like an old man. No one wants to see that and then you kind of understand that. Yeah can still teach a good class and I can still engage my members and it's fun, but I don't need to be doing called you workshops anymore because I just can't deliver the product in the way that it should be and then when I got to China, you know, we've got people like Linda and Nico just the sharpness of those guys is insane. And you know, they're young and they're cold and they just delivering a different way. So unfortunately for me, I guess I'd had five minutes of fame. So I was able to sort of step back from that Limelight and also, you know, I was I was moving into the business space. So I'm doing a bit more coaching and mentoring and The Business of Les Mills. So like you say you start to develop your skills in a different area or you start to find other places in the business where you can have value you just need to sort of know when your time is the hang up certain parts and For me jumping up in the air and punching and kicking thin air, you know hats I had to let go of that one, you know, and I was fortunate enough to make that decision myself before I spent two or three years trying to hang on and everybody else. You might be longer or Body Balance for example, but you know, I have to listen to my body and I have to understand the product and the market. It and just make an intelligent decision and it was right time, you know, and there's and there's no regrets once in a while. I might I might cover a body combat class or we might have a special event at my local Club, you know, we're doing a launch and I'll jump in and bang out some old jeans and I'll be fun but man, I'm sore for a shoe. That is up. Do you have a go to release? Do you have a particular release that you think I'll just put that one on and I'll do that. I've got to go to playlist. I mean, I'm I'm never a fan of a whole release like I love launching the new release but two or three weeks and I'm always ready to chop and change and I think when it comes to how do I deliver the best possible class? I can hit songs from various releases. So, you know the track five from body combat 15 their star, huh? That's just one of my go-to style of track 3 from I think it was combat 43 steeped hands did it because the night? Oh, yeah Kate you're shining as a classic. So yeah, I've got I've got tracks that choreographer Ali choreography. Actually. I just remember them really well because I taught him so many times and musically they're just really cool Tunes. So yeah, I've got a couple of players. So my phone that you know, if I ever get called up last minute I can jump in but yeah once a year maybe twice a year, but going back to the original point. I think it is important, you know from I guess anyone that's listening. You know do understand that, you know, we might not be teaching women 90 when were 80 when we 70 or 60 night some point there. There is a lifespan to what we do, depending how well you look after yourself you could be teaching longer and doing workshops and trainings for longer but it's trying to try and to maybe have a bit of an eye on the future and think. Okay. What will I be doing in five years or ten years have I got a back-up plan? What's my career development, you know have I developed some skills? We'll start as leverage whatever side business that if I do have to stop doing teaching X, for example, is there something else that can fill that space now and then satisfy me and I can still have some value, you know, two other people in in this industry, and I've just been very lucky that a couple of opportunities came my way at a time and I was ready to take them and I could let go of a few things that I'm not ready to let go. Hmm. I think that I think what you said is key. It's having a plan B, isn't it? You know, it's good to be in the moment and enjoy what you do, but you have to look forward and think great. Well, I can't do this for a long time or a for ever. So what is the next step for me after this? And so I think as well H, yeah, once it's a hard decision to give up as and so I think there's probably people that battle with it. Don't know what should I give up shit or not? I really love it. Is what we end up doing is what we're passionate about and I think I think teaching at Club level is something that you can definitely stretch for a lot longer and you know, certainly if you're teaching programs that might be a bit Kinder on the body, you know, because at the end of the day, you don't necessarily have to be super young super good-looking in super fit to be able to fill a room in your local Club, you know, if you're great at engaging and connecting to people and if you can create some entertainment value, you know, and they know you care about them. You can teach for a long time and it is what we do. It's what You know, it's it's how we got into all this sort of thing and to let go of that will be sort of let go of piece of your heart, you know, that will be really really difficult. But I think the the space I'm in at the moment is obviously the you know, the big events and the filming's and the stuff that's the stuff that just needs, you know of someone younger on stage. Maybe someone fitter someone coaching and bit more of a, you know, the newer coaching model way especially here in China, you know, that's it's a Cancer certain feel and I just you know had to accept that and know that I had some value elsewhere and where I can bring is I can coach the presenting team on stage. You know, I get my value and stealing them delivering a really intelligent and Powerful way. I can see the reaction of the crowd, you know, the shiny eyes and the smiles and you know, I can go out on a module training. I can watch a trainer deliver two days and I can sit with them, you know been both evenings and give them a couple hours of pretty detailed feedback and coaching on how they can be a better. Trained facilitator so I can provide a lot of value. You know, I don't need to be upfront anymore. But in terms of teaching classes, yeah, I think letting go of that's going to be really really difficult. So, you know that that might not ever happen, you know, I might still be teaching until such time that live classes aren't around anymore. I don't know. Yeah, always what the future holds it's exciting really exciting and you did. Tensions about the Live Events here. So you've just had Les Mills life Taiwan and I did see from your social media that you you wear on stage, which was awesome bicep track with Marlon and given him a run for his money. Hey you guys these Young Bucks coming out and go, you know, I know I know well that keep them clean did keep them going to this but in it's just before we hit recording the podcast. I was seen to mark that In he for me as the daddy of performance being authentic and just not giving a shit basically like you just go and do your thing and you make people feel good and you don't know you leave you leave a lasting impression on people like it's that it's that seeing, isn't it? It's not what you said. It's how you made them feel and you create something special. So I just wanted to kind of tap into that for a part of the podcast and I guess share Your pets your thoughts and how how do you come up with all this Goods performance crazy reaction stuff that maybe some of his quite find quite challenging to do it doesn't come naturally to us. And so I guess when when you get a release like what's the process for you in terms of performance? Well, firstly thank you for that. I appreciate you saying that I think I'm you know, if there ever was to be a bit of a lasting Legacy or a memory you leave behind I think for me I would want people to think that I was the real me and I was authentic and I just did what I loved with passion. There's always going to be some people that might not like it or they think you're an idiot, but at the end of the day if you're comfortable and confident in what you're doing, you know, you know, you're not going to please everyone. But what you're doing is real and authentic and you hope it does, you know entertain and Inspire other people and I sort of feel like the way I teach has this kind of how I just talked to other people like if we were sat having a drink and it was a party at your house. I'm the same persons when you see me on stage at a called the workshop or in my class or when I was doing the filming's I'd sort of hate people to see a version of me on stage that felt cardboard or felt forced or different and then you talk to me offstage and um, He's nothing like his onstage. And that's where there's a big disconnect. So I think I know we're probably gonna touch a little bit you met you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listen to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training and Jim I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but I'm not even thinking Out the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled music. And what happens is instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes zout when you teach you don't have to force it will put it in there because you just you're so woven into the tapestry of the song, you know, and that's all inherent in you and the great thing about that is then when you go back and teach somebody's old releases the music still in there. It's the same song it gives you the same feeling and all those things just pop up. So the landmarks in the song or the bit when the bass drops in or a symbol comes in or a lyric that sticks out, you know, those things they'll pop up for me, but the great thing about it Butlins when you when you listen to a song You'll pick out something different and I'll watch you teach and go. Oh man. That's awesome. You picked out this lyric and I'd never even heard that lyric and then I'll do something with an instrument. You'll go. I didn't even hear the ancient when I listened to it and I get super inspired by the guys on my team because obviously a lot of them there this younger new generation and and it's an Asian culture. So they're just coming in with a whole different look and feel and I'm watching my guys teach and they're doing things with the music and I'm going wow, I never even heard that or did anything to it and then I go. Okay. So, how can I take that? Interpretation and make it my interpretation. What am I looking for? So I think the the music is key and obviously to be able to let go of your personality like you touched on that being just sort of it kind of is a little bit of that, you know, not giving a shit not worrying about what people think you're going to be confident enough to be you push the envelope a little bit. You know, I know the Les Mills tagline is be brave, but it is a little bit of being brave saying this is how I want to deliver it. I'm going to give it a try. It's a bit edgy. It might push the barriers of the But if I can make two people to my class smile or if I can Inspire one person to have a better day or if I can edit Workshop if I can Inspire one instructor or two instructors to go back and listen to their music again to try and find some moments of magic and performance so that when they teach they teach at a high level, you know, that's that's that's a win for me, you know, and obviously the more people that you can Inspire the better, but yeah that freedom to be yourself. I think just comes from actually putting in the hard work. Work behind the scenes, you know, I've those early days, you know, I think I just ate slept drunk pump like day in and day out ssy at listen to music get in front of the mirror scripting tracks practicing. I mean, it would have been really anal when I would have been really boring to be around but it gave me a good grounding and I got pretty compliment and pretty confident quick and then I was able to then start to see what other people do that are great at this and steal ideas from other people. And then you get to a place where you know, you can step out and be yourself because behind the scenes all the hard work and preparation is done. So, you know, you deserve to be there and you should do a good job because you're ready and I think that allows you to be yourself a bit more and not worry about I must say this because it might not be you know, what Les Mills International want me to say or a training might see me teaching they're not going to put my name forward to be on the team or I won't get chosen to go on a filming or you know, we have all these things that can. Sort of suppress us just relaxing and being cool and doing our own thing. And when I look at the people that inspired me the most and I think the people that have created the biggest impact on me. They've all been a very unique and edgy and cool. They've never been by the book or in a box or very conservative. They've always done something a bit quirky bit random and you know pushed it a little bit but it's it reminds me something at least Smith said little Lisa the Ozzy trainer the RPM guy. Now he talks about understanding the rules. So well that you're able to break the rules, you know, when he's got this this image that he you know the system so well, you know everything you're supposed to do so, you know, those little places that you're allowed to push it a little bit if you go there and find those little Corners you can create this magic that maybe other people aren't able to do but other people can do it if they just allow themselves, you know, the the freedom to give it a try. Yeah, I think, you know personally speaking. Maybe for others listening that it's almost that fear sometimes of looking stupid or what will people think and that can hold us back and off for a long time. That's definitely what held me back. Like I would I would worry about you know trying to do something in a class or a workshop with the feet of thinking that people would think. Oh, who does she think she is, you know, so took me a long time to kind of shake goes monkeys off my shoulder and to I feel like you know be myself. I think it does it does come in a bit of experience. I think once you once you got some runs on the board and you kind of know it's about you know, you do feel like you're able to you know, you've grown and developed and then you're in that place where you can you know be a little bit risky or say something and you know, if you get a reaction from it, then it's okay. Great. You actually did like that so I can do more of that stuff because that's all what gets a response. That's what creates a memory and then like you touched on earlier. So, you know, the things that the people remember is the feeling that you gave us how you made them feel and and these sort of experiences. It's you know, that's what we're trying to deliver to people in class or Workshop, you know, we're trying to entertain and educate and Inspire and leave them with an memorable and I think that authenticity thing at the tool that I use that I got it from a friend mind Phil Anderson actually is the Phil Anderson was a body attacking RPM trainer and he started up his own company called bespoke leadership and he does a lot of stuff on public speaking and Leadership and development but one of these talk I went through his training and one of the tools he's got on there as about your personal brand and it's kind of that premise that it's like if I was to ask 10 people You to give me three words to describe Roger Federer all 10 people come up with very similar words, or I said give me three words to describe Barack Obama or Oprah Winfrey or Ellen DeGeneres whoever it is. But globally, you know, it'll be a common thing. The three words would be very similar because those people really understand their own personal brand and who they are and they consistently deliver authentically to themselves all the time, you know, and the challenge is you know, what are yours, you know, so it was so so when I talk to my team I say What are your three words if you were to describe yourself in three words your personal brand? What would it be? If I was to describe you what three words would I use and the idea is that if your three words match the three words that everyone else thinks then you're close to being authentic then he have integrity. But if your three words, I know fit fun and enthusiastic and everyone comes to your class thinks. You're really unfitting. You're really boring and you've got no energy. There's a big disconnect with who you think you are and who everyone else she thinks you are but you know, if your three words you really know who you are as a brand and that's actually when you deliver people actually get that brand from you when that aligns with the program Essence. That's when you can really create a lot of power and I think that's what you see when you see people teaching that just seemed to be relaxed in the moment natural engaging charismatic. They're just really comfortable with who they are. They know their strengths and they're delivering, you know in the program Essence. So it's so it's kind of like three words to describe. you that would be your own personal brand and I think if you understand what those three words are that's a standpoint where you can teach from and and that will help you be a bit more authentic and you know and my but more maybe more natural and you teach that's great. Great advice. That's awesome. That's awesome. So so yeah, let's put you on the spot. We put it in the comments box and ask the guys in the UK to put down what three words they think you are and see if it matches what yours are. Yeah, most of that will do that. I'll put me go It's an action from this point. It is a cool little exercise and I would have done that back in I think 2015 when when filled took us through that training and um, and you know, I still use it now and I've used it recently at our new presenter bootcamp and it just seems to resonate really well because you know, we talk so much about the essence of our programs and there's so much training around that how we actually sat down and gone. Well, what's my Essence? Who am I and what do I want people to feel or to think of me when I finish teaching that class? Yeah, it's definitely a little worthwhile to use. Yeah, I'll definitely be doing that. I'll tag you in it as well. Okay, there's accountability right there. So what has been your favorite track that you've ever taught in a release in? You know, oh you're filming. Yeah, yeah. I'll tell you what - in a minute. All right, cool. Cool. We're so pissed so many good songs. I mean I suppose bodypump 63. That was my first feelings. That was that was the end of 2007. So that was when I got the call to go to New Zealand film 63 me Glenn and Susan and the first track I took was the backtrack. So I took that bomb diggity getting bombed that you do think about the way we're so crazy with performance. About my solo gets a bigger reaction and some of the cool buddy Jam steps in people, but that that I'll always have a soft spot for that one because it was my first time, you know teaching on a filming and that and I was super nervous and adrenaline was pumping and it went by so fast, but actually like if I go back and play that song I still just really love it. It's just a cool song. It moves quick. It's a good workout. And then those memories sort of come back of the film week and all the emotions of that. So that's always a favorite and then I think I'm In bodypump 66 that was the global Summit. So that was February 2008. And so you're teaching to a room of 900 trainers and presenters from around the world. So you're you know, you're sat in amongst all your peers and all the top people in the Les Mills World in one room, and I was teaching the chest rack on that one. It was a technotronic song Get Up Get down. There's just an old school sort of Hip Hop Pop Song. Yes fun. But again, you know you're teaching and just look new look over into the room and you just see all these People fit passionate people. They're all trainers and presenters moving really well and we're just thinking holy shit man. I'm on stage teaching this to all the people that are the best in the industry. So that's quite a that was quite a sort of an overwhelming moment, but I think in terms of Like what she feels good quality work and it's still get the odd message to now trains from around the world. They'll use this video clip for coaching or for connection performance in the module trainings and it's the bicep track from from body pop. Ninety three centuries. So I just got I did feel like every time I've watched a video back I've always hated it and you know, it's like you'll be the same you you we over criticize our self we say, why did I say that? How did I miss that Q oh my knee caves in a little bit there. That's what was a little bit short on. My elbows are out too far, you know we had ourselves a bit. So reverie my neat little detail and and it's in this horrible place to be but it's good because that's how we get better, you know, and you know, you and I are in a position where we we've got good confidence and confidence in what we do because of years of doing this, you know, breaking ourselves down trying to be better and and never being good enough and so we're always on that journey, I guess and I've never really That back and gone all that was a really good job. But with this one tracker actually watched it back and thought hey if I was on a module training like there's good coaching in there. The technique looks clean. There's some some connection moments. There's a little bit of performance. I actually felt like all around that's quite a good role modeling of the five key elements and then over these last few years. Like I said the old train or we'll send a video clip message from their training or you know, it will just send me a picture and where they've used it to train their actors and for me that just feels it just gives you that sense of worth and value. That's something some work that you did is being used to actually help other people be great at this job, you know, and I really take a lot of pride in that one. So I think that that by subtract from 93 is probably my favorite just because it feels like that's that's had some legs and some Legacy and it's and it's helped a lot of people, you know, and even just recently Jackie. Yeah. What's she doing? She was doing Jackie Kellogg from the US you An advanced training and I see video conference called nylon, and I when we were in Taiwan during the training so we had a chat to her Advanced Training group and she goes hey, guess what? I'm going to play your by subtract from 93 minutes. Yeah. Yeah, whatever and then she said with a little video clip and it was just it was just really cool because I think like you and I were talking about before we before we recorded, you know, I've you know, I've not been at the front of the game for a long time. So 93 was my last filming and so there's thousands instructors out there that have come um since 93 so they've got no idea who I am or what I've done, you know, and every now and then this video clip might pop up and it's like, oh, who's that girl? That's quite good and then it kind of just just just keeps you a little bit relevant. You know, it's quite nice feeling and it's a good track. You know, it's a good workout that bicep track is I think my favorite my favorite one was a one of my favorites was Christina Aguilera the basic track in other man in or the man. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah that one for me. It was going to try to sing. Yeah, I think I think what kind of stands out in someone's actually asked a question in the instructors who misses me back. I've got like 20 or questions. I'm going to fire at you shortly in but someone has mentioned the famous catching catching the bicep bar in your foot. Is that what you did at the end of that track? So yeah, that's cool. That's right. Yeah, always remember I was on and I was on a module training. Not long after an end a guy tried to do it, but I don't think he'd actually seen the video clip. You must have just heard that I'd done this bar catch and and he tried it but he was teaching the backtrack. Wow. There's a lot of instructors including myself. I have tried to catch the bar on my foot. And the basic track, so it's just the sign of a misspent youth is all those years of me wanting to be a professional football player make it but I think it's true to say that whenever your teacher your present or if you know instructors go back and watch anything that you've done. You just have this amazing talent or of bringing music to life making people feel good. And just being true to yourself. So thank you for that because it's inspired so many people through I thank you for that. Yeah. Yeah, it's been awesome before we move on to the questions from the instructors and something that's going on. You should be there's there's obviously where we are at the moment in terms of what's happening in the world. Our aim is the coronavirus. So I just wanted to just ask you some questions about that. And obviously we see a lot of stuff in the media at the moment about it. But what we don't hear about is they can impact having on the fitness industry in China and you know, the surrounding countries and stuff. So what's it been like for you like being I guess in the nucleus of the virus and the impact it's having on the team and Have you got it yet. Have you had it? Yeah touchwood. I think I'm okay. And now that's the thing. Nothing come like I guess all jokes aside the actual the actual statistics behind the numbers. It's not so bad, you know, and I know the media hype it up a lot and then and obviously globally it's up. It's a big deal and they one's got some very serious and worried and and it's good that we have because I think if we Ugly everyone everyone. Obviously that's going to restrict, you know, how far it spreads and then they've done a great job of that in China, you know. So for example, I've just come back from Taiwan and I'm and I'm on 14 days quarantine lockdown. So I've got to stay in my apartment for 14 days. I can't leave my compounds because of the risk of spreading the virus. And so that's in and around trying to we're doing know everyone has to do that. So, you know, there's things Cafes restaurants and bars. They will shut down Office Buildings are closed gyms are closed. People can't conquer eight more than five in your in your building if there's a family living, you know, the whole family can't go out of the compound only one person can leave and they've got to get a pass and you're allowed to leave for an hour and you can come back and go to give you a pass back. So there's a lot of heavy restrictions that you know, it sort of seems like Overkill people are walking around in those nucleus suits and face me. I asked and you think Is this like a movie about the sensationalism of the Twitter and Facebook in the media when you listen to The Experts and they compare it to like Ebola or SARS or MERS or even just the common cold and the flu numbers Wise It's not actually a scary. So what what the impact is is it's not so much about people getting the virus. It's this this day to day life and like you say impacting the business so much. Meaning Gene for example a lot of them teach classes and that and that's that's their sole income. That's what I do for a living teaching 2025 classes per week. So at the moment obviously the gym isn't open so they're not teaching those classes. So they're not getting paid. Now that's spreading into three three and a half weeks. That's that's a long time to not get any income but you still have to pay rent on your building still going to pay electricity gas water. You still gotta buy food. I've got friends that are the gym owners so they own small gyms that our little Group fitness Studios. So obviously in these three three and a half weeks, they've not been able to be open so they're not running any classes. So no one's actually paying money to go to that class that they're not having income but they've still got the overheads of the rent on the facility in the listing on the equipment, you know, the rates water gas all that sort of stuff. So it's this day to day life that you know outside of actually catching the virus and then the health scare. It's just people not getting an income businesses not making money and or maybe he's being sustainable because they're losing So much money and even silly things like like going to the gym. So none of us can go to the gym, you know, so people have to try and work out a way to train in their front room so they can jump on and do the Les Mills programs. What we've found is some instructors. They're doing a livestream. So they might teach a little 30-minute hit workout live stream it from the front room and they're picking up like a big bottle of water to use as the dumbbell and then using the couch that you can buy over and they're just being really creative. Native, which is cool, but you know, you know, it's like we Fitness industry people we want to get in the gym. We want to lift weights to want to get outside you want to run, you know, we're it's cabin fever and then that affects people mentally and people aren't going to work so they don't catch that with their friends and the office or catching up with friends after work for this day to day life really has sort of been quite heavy and quite stressful. But one thing I will say is people here are really positive and the social media that we've got is it's called we chat. So a lot of people use WeChat and About that's kind of like our Facebook and Instagram and the community is just really getting behind each other and known and everyone here trust that the government is doing the best they can to try and you know put a lid on this as quick as possible in Shanghai. We got a few days where the numbers have actually grown and there's been a few days where there's been no new cases of the virus. So that's obviously a positive. There's just a lot of travel restrictions. So, you know people aren't flying into China or flying out. So if anyone's had holidays books or if they need to travel for work, that's not happening. Ying so it's a pretty serious full on lockdown and You know a lot of that day-to-day stuff we take for granted like walking up the road and get a coffee. You know, it's just kind of you can't do it because the coffee shops not open or you're not allowed to leave the compound. So it is pretty full on and I think the stress is what's happened in the leaking go Liesl up like obviously this boat off to Japan where a lot of people have caught the virus because you know, they were on that cruise liner the numbers they're a pretty scary. And then I think South Korea now has just suddenly had a big boom. I guess they you know, they didn't really they didn't really sort of our have anything to worry about in the early days. So there wasn't any restrictions on traveling or being in groups, you know, there was still getting together in big groups and business as usual and then sort of all of a sudden these last few days. They've had a few big increases in numbers and so a few other countries have had a you know, a few cases which starts to scare people, you know, and the downside is it brings out a lot of that that was xenophobia and what that racist stuff and you see people You know started to blame China or States because the Chinese are doing stuff like eating bats or they're not hiding eunuch and yeah, that stuff upsets me. Also I live here and then these are my people, you know, and so I do feel quite sort of attached to it and quite emotionally involved in the outcome. And obviously my family is you know, they're worried about me being here and you know, obviously I wasn't in China was in Taiwan and then globally nobody's flying into China, but I have to fly back into China because it's my job and I want to be one team, you know, so it's like Let's meals and use in in New Zealand. They're not letting anyone come to China. But I I could that's one of the great things you mean. It's not a great thing about a tragedy but that often when you get a crisis, you know people. Lunch together people look after each other and look out for each other and then it brings out the best in people, you know kindness care support love, you know, there's people, you know, if they are able to you know to deliver some food or to deliver some face mask door toilet roll or whatever, you know, they're doing that and people are staying engaged online talking to each other and like I said posting this workout Clips posting advice, you know. Hey guys you wake up today and you're really stressed out because you can't move his three exercises you might wanna try Why you know, how about writing journal? How about doing some meditation? Here's a Body Balance track, you know people are just getting together and and then trying to pull through it, you know, and that's it. Yeah, it's just one tiny thing is it is yeah it is and and even even sort of I guess as a business aspect, you know, if you're a club owner and you're paying a 12-month license fee to Les Mills to rock band bodypump, and now you had a month where you can't run bodypump you then turn around and say, okay. Well I do I get another man. Add it onto my license fee or you charging for me that so there's a business we've been going have those conversations, you know, and and so it is there's a lot more to it than than like say just the the scare of the health aspect to it. It's affecting the fitness industry and in quite a big way, you know clubs aren't buying equipment. You know, no one's looking to the Future to expand its you know, it's you know, it's it's right across the board, but we know it's got to do what we can it's that control what you can control. No the artist stoicism. Yeah. Well, hopefully you'll be over the worst of it in and things and start looking a bit more positive in four years over there. Instructor questions. Are you ready? You ready for this? I don't like that evil tone in your voice. I know I was rubbing my hands together who know don't like the the feedback has been great. And when I put it on my social media that you were coming on to the podcast. I've had lots and lots and lots of questions from UK instructors, and I also popped into the u.s. Trip as well. So I've got some questions from the US and structures as well. So So be fun. Yeah, what we'll do is we will do a quick fire. So I'll just ask you don't you know, just what's your answer? What should I do a quick fire through these? Okay. Yeah great. So the first question is a from a very special person. It's from your mom. Okay. She says when are you coming home to see your mom? Well, whatever answer I say what you soon enough fun. That's awesome. It's it's probably going to be my birthday isn't it September? So so so if we do the global Summit in in Greece in June because I'm halfway home, so it'll be just before or just after that. So if you're listening Mom, I'll be home soon. Put the kettle on cup of tea. Yeah, okay. Next question. When will you be having a team teach with Ricky long and can Marlon come to and that's from Jeannie. And that's from Richie Dawn yet. No. No, that's actually from TV. I tell you I actually I would love it to engage with those two guys. I think it'll be great fun. And it's simple you just all got to get on to Sarah Dunford and give us some grief and say you got a book mattracks. Don't get Marlon words over and then all three of us can do it. Yeah. We'll see Marlon is coming over and a couple of weeks time because that's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we need to get that. That would be that would be an amazing There You Go, baby. Go. Okay a big question that came in from quite a few people was when will we see you presenting on a filming again? It's a nice thought but I don't think that's gonna happen. And the main reason is like in the role. I mean part of the great thing about my role is being out of shine the light on other people and like I touched on earlier I've been lucky to have a few filming's and you know do a bit of traveling and have my 5 minutes of fame and I'm in a place now where it's my reward is helping other people. So I wouldn't feel comfortable being on a filming and feeling like that's taken an opportunity away from one of my So, you know and less less Adam. I want to do a best of release and wheel out. Some of us old guys just for fun. And it does not harm the regular feelings that I can get my team on then possible wet. Yeah, nothing nothing plans, but that's it's a sweet gesture. I appreciate that. Patricia wants to know how do you come up with your awesome witek? Use your one-liners? It's funny because because occasionally I will just come up with something random off the cuff and it works quite well and you go. Oh, that's pretty cool. And other times you might come up with something that just bombs and doesn't work and it's you know how well you can't win them all but I but I get inspiration from just movies and books and songs. So so I might hear something in a song and somehow along the way I can translate that into my brain to acute and it's something that's quite quirky and it's and it works. So I guess the simple example is so I've always been Into into bodybuilding there's a bodybuilder from the 80s called a Draper and he wrote a book called brother iron sister Steele. And so I took that name of the book brother and sister Steele and then in a in a filming released when I was coaching I said Brothers of iron and sisters of Steel and sex appeal so I just kind of added a rhyme on to the end but but I got inspiration just from the name of that book, you know, so it can come from really random places and then occasionally you might actually be sat down and you're trying to think of thing that's intelligent or funny and you try and sort of craft something like a like a comedian rights might sit down and write a joke, but I but I struggle with that. I don't think I'm I'm naturally clever in that way. It's just something quirky will come up every once in a while just like that just like that interrupted by looking around in the background. Yeah, who is that in my house? The next question is about the evolution of bodypump. So, you know, it's changed in years. What's been the biggest change for you over the years the one thing that's kind of a standard. I think I mean obviously music has changed over the years and it's you know, there's this Millennial eyes thing where the music's a bit, you know bit younger and a bit cooler and a bit more today and and the the the bpms of the program's a bit faster. Now, it's more of a cardio feel, you know, we got mountain climbers, there's heaps of overhead stuff. So it's more of a cardio athletic sort of fear as opposed to maybe the slower strength work we used to have and I guess the one of the evolutions that I've sort of welcomes the most Is where we transition from bar work to do a lot of plate work and a lot of unilateral work. So the single like stuff single arm stuff. I'm a big fan any time we can do something a bit more sort of functional, you know, like the backward step and lunge with a row using the plate single arm stuff. So you're balancing your body a little more but I can't I like that transition how we've moved and now we're flexible in that way. It's not just a bar bell workout. We've got the plate work and we can do single and single leg. So it's kind of a lip just just a lil bit more intelligent. Training. Yes, that's will be the standout advancement. I felt on the way cool. What is the one thing you wish instructors understood about being a trainer? I think that's the thing I was talking about is that it doesn't matter. If you know, if you're trained a presenter your d.v.d presenter program director, whatever your title or role or what extension might have reached to we're all instructors at the end of the day Thursday night 6 p.m. I'm still teaching bodypump to 25 people because that's the size of the studio nice little intimate private studio. And that's that's what's important. That's where I create my biggest. Impact and I have my influence, you know what I do day in and day out in my regular classes by far has more impact and influence than doing one called Lee Workshop or being delivering one bicep track on a DVD, you know, so I always try and make sure that the people in those higher positions that none of us get get arrogant or caught up in opposition and are tired or when we think we're really important and we're better than anyone else. It's pulling it right down to all of us. We're just teaching our classes and trying to do the best we can. People have moved into a different place where they might be a trainer and that's got great value to but ultimately roll your sleeves up teach your class just like just like the rest of us, you know in the end enjoy that and understand that that's the the best part of what we do. Yeah are right. The next question is about food. Do you like tackles? Oh you Frozen. I can hear you. Can you hear me? I can hear you now. Yes your back. So alright we can just chop that rebate. Okay. So the next question is about did you get that about food? Yes, I'm listening. It's a subject very close to my heart or is it right? Because I was like, oh, this is a strange question. And so what is your favorite part of a tackle? The whole damn thing. I love doctors. Yeah. Okay. Kathy wants to know the best and worst Choose You have given so what's the best q and then what's maybe something that's kind of went down like a lead correctly? I think I mean I think. I mean just just off the cuff the the worst use I went people Q late so forget trying to say something clever or funny that bombs is if you're queuing late that's always gonna be the worst you because you know, our job is to easy to follow so I kind of feel like I'm successfully my teaching when I teach a new release for the first time and everyone in the room can follow it really easily. So the I guess the blanket answer is the best hearing is when you can treat you really well and people follow you and the worst is when you're doing late and people don't you say well but I'd have to I left the Facebook you a message and trying to think back because they'll be plenty of use I've said and there's probably some instructors there's probably some instructors listening that can go I remember infractions said that there were heaps of examples but fortunately most of the time people remember in the good ones but when they get one of the sort of gets thrown around a little bit is that that one I did at a workshop once on the chest strap that's why I said you always treat your bar like your first date you never let it touch the chest and then that kind that always it was got a really good reaction back in the day and but you know you know it's like if you say a queue and it's quite cool and quite funny that works you've got to let it go you can't say every class you just end up looking like an idiot so you do it once or twice and okay that's great but you've got to let it go and move on and then try and trade something else otherwise you just end up being a one trick pony someone And Susie who is an instructor she actually taught in the US but with back Scotland, she mentioned that q and in her question, so yeah, that's probably one of the best years. There's only been about 350. So yeah and Christine wants to know how is your mandolin going hats 11 in China like I do you speak the language? You understand it. Can you read it? Can you write can you what's going on there? young man or a young woman face her how she's in Wow, giggling taken ha ha ha what you see if there's anyone listening to can speak Mandarin they can they can translate that. I think I just said yeah, I can speak Chinese. Well totally lies but some it's cool because it's this one of the cool parts of this job is you know, like I'm learning a new language and man it's tough but it's it's like anything if you give it some time and if you put some effort into it you get you get better at it. You know, it's It's just tough because I think it's a very different language to learn from you know, French Spanish German Italian, which all the Latin kind of languages and as you know, it's cool, you know, we not only learn one or two of those and and so you're doing that every day for five days a week for three or four years, you know, whereas here I wouldn't have learned a language for a long time and so I can speak Spanish but but learning Chinese is structurally it's very different. The tones are very different, but now had a few lessons. I'm starting to get better at it I can. I can understand the structure and it makes sense and I can start to pronounce the words a little better. So it's just the case of of using it more often and you know, and then trying to study more often and then get better but for the two years I've been here of probably feel like I should be a lot better but I'm doing my best and I think it's important that you know the team see that I'm trying to learn the language and the integrating the culture. I've moved countries a few times America and New Zealand Australia, but obviously they will speak English. So this is the The first time I've lived in a non-english speaking country. So that's provided a lot of challenges, but it's cool. Yeah, I've sort of got enough that the average person can hear and go. Oh, he speaks quite good Chinese, but then when a Chinese person returns and starts speaking back to me, I'm not stop making progress. Yeah, it's progress. Alright the next question from Peter. Is what is your why? Well, that's a good question. Just like the Avengers Advanced Training and when I went through that I came up with this thing engage educate entertain Inspire. So I sort of felt like I wanted to put something punch in there that kind of covered. What I do and engages is absolutely an important thing for me educate and entertain I feel like in our industry, you know, it's you got have a good balance of both of those things so that you've got a good message and that message lands because it's entertaining and Resting and ultimately what we're trying to do is inspire people, you know and whatever that may be and so that's why there's or forwards as a tagline. But but when I think back to to this this this, you know and actually talked about this on on Ricky's podcast. So I'll give him a little shout out here Lord knows he could do with the exposure and the numbers. So I hope you out there Richie flimsy podcast. I think I talked a bit about when I started this thing in America with this this woman Terry whore who was the manager of Gold's Gym and she was she was my butterfly effect a moment that tap on the shoulder started this whole journey that I've been on so if it wasn't for her back in 2002 coming up to me and saying you want to teach this thing called pump, I think you'll be good. And you know, let's give it a go. None of this would have happened and so all along my journey anyone that I've been lucky enough to to sort of influence or have a positive effect on it can all be traced back to her, you know, and she doesn't know any of this. She won't have met any of these people that I've come across and the 18 years but absolutely the butterfly effect started with her and so as I've delved into this way bit deeper what actually turns out is that that I I want to be the Terry I want to be that butterfly effect moment for as many other people's it's possible you know because I'd love to feel like that ripple effect is out there and there's people that felt inspired by something I did or said but I don't necessarily want anyone to come back and tell me that I don't need that feedback of our thank you it's just I know that happens I know that you do that I know that Ricky does that I know Steve hands he does that I know thousand instructors they all have those Butterfly Effect moments on other people and that then creates those ripples out into the world and and the beautiful thing about that is it's a constant Quest you never achieve it you know it's you're never going to wake up one day and say I've achieved my goal you know because that next class might be the one time when you have a conversation with someone and that changes their life or you might be in bloody Starbucks having coffee and you chat to someone in the line waiting to pay and that's The moment that changed their life and help them, you know, it's really we should never lose sight of this this small thing that we might do could create a big thing in someone else's life. And then that's that's what my wife will boils down to. Yeah. Good question. This this next question comes from Peter as well. And what's your phone number? Do I owe him some money? And I don't think that's what he meant. Here we go. Judy wants to know what your favorite body pump track ever. it's got to be Enter Sandman by Metallica bodypump 43 chest strap and just saying man I don't have one that's always going to be kind of my my all-time favorite of all time and but what I'm buzzing off at the moment is is I love that bicep track for 112 the how do you say it like dice array and if I subtract ice array that real Scott the Gregorian chant in the background a rat and it's a big epic and I'm oh man that's awesome track yeah that's my Chiller at the moment that's good track a good track all right next question in do teach Body Balance and I do oh you do so and how would you encourage women and to body balances from Judy Well, my my balance Journey was probably a classic story for us to become guys in that, you know, the uni gets which saw the hips get a bit tight and it affects your training and you think I need to do more Mobility work a bit more stretching and and you start doing that kind of training and you might go to a couple balance classes and think I actually this stuff really works. I'm feeling better. I'm moving better you enjoy it. It's nice and music and and then you stick with it and for me I just evolved into To teaching it because I thought it would be a it would be a way of making sure that I kept in Balance myself, but also as a challenge to teach a different style of program, you know, and I was an absolute beginner. So those first few body bounce classes, I was hopeless and it was almost frustrating there to be that terrible at something when you're actually good at teaching. So it's a nice little personal Journey physically as well as spiritually and emotionally, but in terms of people just come in to do the class just just showed me a picture of Cory if anyone looks at And I think you can get anything like that from Body Balance of men which flocking to it guys are specimen he can do for money balance. We'd all can I think yeah, the thing with balance is it probably got a little bit of you know that yoga Vibe where people think it's just sitting on a mat going home and it's lame, you know, people don't they don't know what they don't know so men don't know what balance actually feels like until it actually tried it. So, you know, I think maybe the angle of you know, the actual good stuff that it does for you physically as well as you know, as well as mentally, you know, especially this day and age a lot of mental health awareness at the moment, you know, Mandarin a balanced glass really does make you feel good and relax you and takes away some stress for a while and and it's yeah and once we start getting more men into the program, I think more men would definitely stay. It's a great program. But yeah, let's just go with a if you want to look like Corey, New Body Balance Judy's also, ask what are your top tips for staying on top of your physical game? So what challenge you do outside of class? Yes. That's that question suspects. I suppose The Body Balance was one was one of the things in the recent couple of years that I added, you know, because I just knew that I had some imbalances in my body and some weaknesses and tightness has and and what I do when I train as it is I try and do a lot of stuff that I'm not actually doing with my group fitness so so for example with With bodypump being quite cardio these days. I did two pumps a week and one RPM. I don't do any other cardio training. I don't feel like I need more cardiovascular training. What I need to do is I need to do good strength work and I need to do good functional training. So I'll do TRX. I'll do kettlebells. I do Olympic lifting I try and do things that aren't in the program. So like chin ups and pull ups and dips on bars. We can't do that in pump. So I try and do that sort of stuff. But I try and do a bit more the mobility stuff. So I'm using a lot of bands and doing what what you would call sort of stretching but stuff where I think okay. I know for example, my hip flexors are the tie and I know my hamstrings are tight. So I always do a little bit of focus on those things. I'd I try to get two massages a month, but obviously it's you know, you got the financial element of that as well, but I always try and get your massages and month to try and give it a love back to the body. I do a little bit more warming up now and the days ways to just run straight onto a call you Workshop stage and and jump up and down and do 20 job knees like an idiot fresh cold. It was no problem when I was 20, but you know now I've got to do is go. Okay. I need a bit of a warm-up. So I do some stretching my birdie get the body ready before I teach a class that helps but it is I guess I'm in that sort of space and now where it's a little bit more about, you know, training smarter not harder, you know, so I know that as an adult male strength is one of the first things to go so I try and lift the basic lift heavy when I can and I know personality and mobilities the next thing to go to like I said you the kettlebells the TRX and then that sort of the sort of stuff a lot of CrossFit guys would do in their warm-ups and their Mobility stuff I follow a lot of good guys on Instagram achieve Fitness activate motivation K style it move you watch those Instagram guys that day there's so much great content you can take to give it a lower back to your body and man it definitely works cool and I would say are trying to sleep more that my sleep still terrible I guess traveling or stuff like that just you know traveling in different countries and different things that just make sure you sleep for sure and Rachel has asked will you marry her absolutely how much money do you own and then in fact I just jump down to this next one Because there's a common thing here Lydia wants to know can you have your phone number and Julia wants to your what are you doing tomorrow night, but the and more action in one phone call that I know about this stuff. Yeah, it's cool. It's cool fun. So it's last couple of questions in so we as an instructor in the UK her name is Dianne Crouch, and I know by a yeah, okay kill because she's sad she seems lots of love and do you remember introducing her and Steve tansy to your mom before she drove you up to the federal convention? Out Festival, hi, Diane, how are you? Hope you're well and sending lots of love back to you too. I'm guessing you're still doing nine or ten programs. I use so probably added grit and bass and sort of lasting you which is fantastic. Come on, you know, there's no way I'd introduce my mum to Steve tansy. That's just not gonna happen Diane's awesome. She's such a weight and she's helped you many instructors with in her region and Am I believe decently became a chai porch, so I'll cool fantastic. So yes. Yeah. She's definitely a good one and doing it for the right reasons at school. Yeah. Sure. Alright last question is what's your favorite thing about instructing Liz knows workouts. I gotta say the people. I mean, you know, I love the music. I love the workouts and and it's great fun being on stage teaching. But ultimately all the best all the best feelings and the best memories are the you know, the connections you make with people seeing people smile, you know, seeing someone find you have shiny eyes and and then that reciprocity thing that you can make people feel good. They can make you feel good. And I just think it's a real positive environment to be in the people that come out of a class. They just go out about their day and Bit more positive way bit healthier, but happier, they're nicer to their husbands their wives their kids that people in their workplace. It's you know, the less I've been really lucky when I saw her family's most thing that just gave me a really powerful vehicle to do what I love doing. You know, I still teach TRX classes and kettlebell classes and battle ropes. I do freestyle Olympic lifting. Like I said, I'd there's a bunch of other things that I do to spread the love about what I do, but ultimately the Les Mills gave me the biggest platform to do it and the biggest opportunity and freighting years has been my career and I would have met more people through this Les Mills thing and gone to more different countries and experience different cultures. And so I feel so I feel like they're the best thing about being a Les Mills instructor is absolutely the People You Meet the connections you make and just that that General feel-good factor that bounces around with all of us, you know, it's really it's a really unique thing because I think other companies He's have something similar but they just don't seem to get what we get. You know, like Zumba has a big following and there's Massa BTS there's radical Fitness. There's other people that do music, you know exercise to music and they have a community and it works really well, but it just seems to be that any people that I know that that might have left Les Mills or that it's they falling off to the side a little bit. They always miss it. They always miss the people and they always feel like we just do something. It's just like a Dixie current Formula Secret Sauce, you know, there's just something about it. It's crazy and and the best people I've met have been through through Les Mills and you know teaching classes and sometimes it's the trainer presenter other times. It's just a member in your class a fellow instructor its its its its Global its Global and that's what's cool about doing this sort of thing, you know way back in whatever you said it was 2005 when when I trained you on bodypump 54 now and here we are now in 2020 and then I'm good. some your podcast and it's like and you know several times in between that time you and I had a couple of interactions and Global Summit and like it's just it's just it's just an incredible relationship that we have with so many people and yeah and I know that one tribe is kind of a Cheesy tagline there but it is you know you if I went to the UK that is someone I could stay at the house I could teach with someone if anyone comes to Shanghai there welcome stay with me they can come and teach with me it's just it's just a good positive healthy place to be and yeah it's a it's a bloody good thing that just allows me to Les Mills did all those years ago and I think we're very very fortunate to be a part of it and and I always be thankful for that and I never take it for granted and it is always about people cut off but cut off it cut off at the bit when it's always about the people so it's perfect it's perfect that is it yeah yeah so thank you so much for coming on and chattin it's it's been amazing like cute yeah a couple of years ago like I spoke to you at tribal Gathering and I guess I was given my life for his without you I would never have phones my love for Les Miles and group fitness and doing what I'm doing to do so yes it's absolutely beautiful so thank you very much that's lovely to get mouth thank you know that's that's exactly it isn't it you know you know that you're able to say thanks to me what I did I say thanks to someone else or what they did they say thanks to someone else what they did I'm sure there's hundreds of people that thank you for what you do it's it's yeah it's a beautiful little chain of you know love care and support and feel good that just keeps rolling on and that's the great thing about this whole you know Wonderful crazy world of group fitness that we do it's quite quite remarkable really yeah but thank you oh you're welcome you're welcome you've been listening to the Lindsay Morrison podcast be sure to give us a review on iTunes you've been listening to the Lindsay Morrison podcast be sure to give us a review on iTunes