Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that appreciates efficiency. Shall I don't you call Southwest showing up on time flexibility along the way grab a seat wherever you I want absolutely hey, you know what? If you're if you're high class pay the pay the 15 bucks for the early bird check-in guaranteed to be in the a group and then you don't got to worry about your check on bags fly free with Southwest incredible. He's he just gonna got every right now, let me ask you a couple questions. First of all, what's the longest Southwest flight you've ever taken I've got cross-country for sure. Okay across country Southwest flight. Yeah. How recent is this conversion? And this is a Sit. You're six foot seven six foot. Yeah. Wow, 6 5 I wish I should have just kept. Okay. So how recent is this conversion to Southwest evangelism? I mean not recent at all. Okay, so you are a long time now some dub long time first time situation haven't got an opportunity to really express my love for them. But really believe strongly that they know what their now I'm thankful for any flight flight. That's a safe flight, but you say that up front right tire. Roger and Craig gym and maybe everybody else in that. I know in my life when I say it's really my last Choice. Yeah. So here's really it really is. This is the flying canister of gasoline that you hope lands you where you need to go. This is the take of the northeastern Elite. This is not take for the flyover states. My people uh-huh my homies. Understand that south west southwest you they they'll send you drink coupons. Just where do you get to use them all the 7-Eleven once you land presented on the flights. They don't have first class. If you're cool with that, then you're going to be fussy the airline it proletariat. This is the this is the people's Air Line is It the efficiency is it that they had their seating system is like no other seating system. Nobody else does line up and he's right groups know if number and I actually love the it's basically like an ongoing social experiment if you're like C-17 and you get in that like, you know, like between like 10 and 20 and you know that like like like like C12 is behind you and you're like I should really let see flying Southwest is not afraid of heart if you're awake, if you're not if you're not love strong relationship to kick some people might my belief is that any airline that gets beef used to be I should say my belief used to be any airline that safely gets me from point A to point B in a flying tube of metal is fine. Then I flew spare it. Oh, no dear. That's you see so there there is a level of Southwest brings at least a little enough of the quality that you guys don't know shit about what's going on in Europe right now, man. They make you stand in Europe. Like there are times there are lines. There's your lines where they're trying to get rid of like seats in Europe. Well, that's because Europe is there. The idea of like economy flying we're not even you may think you're going like Democratic Socialist. You understand. Oh no idea understand. You're still a limousine liberal when it comes to like my brothers and Ireland get down with her just like I'm going to Antwerp for like 8 bucks. Brian are I may have to fly? Yeah. Yeah actually fly the plane. Well the plate plane people can force you to do anything and I mean they have complete power over your life and they can tell you All you basically anything that and I have to trust them and Southwest really comes near that borderline. See I think that they have like I would put a high-quality Southwest employee right up there with don't make this personal about like I'm not trying to knock the Southwest P right up there with your I'm talking about the service though the service itself the customer service. They're not there. You're with the Southwest you're never going to get a situation. Where you're like, Hey look. This is y'all's fault. Like y'all didn't get me here in time. And I had to run all the way across the airport to try to make it to my other gate and I didn't get there in time because of the way that y'all set this stuff up. Sorry. We're not going to give you a refund for this. This is your fault. You're like Southwest is not they're not about that because they don't even offer that service in the first place. Like there's not even like that's the hints that you might get taken care of that kind of situation that you don't have to put like there's no change fees. Southwest okay, like yeah change your flight there is you just know every policy that they have and you're here to promote them look man. I've Southwest wind already revealed negative experiences on other airlines has led you to this place. I have had negative experiences on other airlines but I've always felt that Southwest is the best because that like the the having to pick your seat like at the time I think is like I think that's fine. Like once you do it a couple times you don't think about it anymore. And yeah, I did there they're cheaper. I don't know. I will say something else. That's huge in Southwest favor. Southwest is affiliated with the happiest place in Southern California, which is Bob Hope Airport. Yeah Burbank. It's true the most perfect. I'm high functioning down to take South West to Las Vegas. I'm working down to take it to even Albuquerque. Okay, if I have to so but but your is it is it the what is it about it though? Because I don't have any twice. Yeah the flood Town. Yeah, that one's for Andy and I went once on a misguided Valentine's day trip a few years ago. That was such as yes 2017 Valentine's Day after the election. We were like, let's get out of town. I would be cute and it was not not the best look we want to go to Santa Fe was it was okay, but I New Mexico in the winner is a tough beat. I was on a Southwest flight recently and I was in a group because I handle my business. What does that mean? Huh? What does that mean? It means what it means. Is it up? I paid the whatever it is, you know, 14 15 bucks for the early bird check. It would tried to make himself seem like he was a man of India. Follow me say and you're like turns out you're a Southwest power user. Look maybe this entire podcast is to get you into Southwest. Let me say this. Let me say this. Let me say this. There was a time in my life where I couldn't afford the early bird check, but you know, what for me personally things are going. Okay right now, he's growed. He should remind us everywhere for about you. I can afford is crushed and some people can't do that. And the people that can't do that. They got to do it the way that I did it you got to settle on your new. Yeah, and you go to southwest.com you keep hitting the refresh and then you get your spot and the a squad. All right, Tyler, you tried to make this seem like this was about everybody but really you're just trying to relive the experience of your past life. You're trying to be like I still associate with this would really you're paying that $15 every time right and you could just not pay the $15 and get a normal plane flight where they treated you like a human being and we're like free-for-all. See you they stopped. What do you get treated? Any better than a human being has like a measurable. I grew up in the $50. How's your leg room up at the $50 extra area are You do not are you know that brawl? Oh, no, there's none of that. Yeah, there's no border is not valued at this shit Snowpiercer recently and I was walking. Hey did it did the pilot when he walked by he just likes excellent you yeah. It's like welcome aboard. So what's up Seth. Is that how our customer number to 700 I've heard about you. Thank you said thanks, man. We appreciate you. That's Big T. Ron Jeremy Jeremy in the oldest pair of pajama pants in the world. Oh my God is walking the opposite direction like along the window of the airport and he's like looking on the ground for something and he's like searching like all around the gate for something. This is Jairo says, honestly, I'm just always gets a cool people at the airport. No, not that it's cool. I'm saying that like he was in the sea group. Uh-huh. So he's like things aren't going that well the hottest take is that Southwest Airlines is good and you're doing better than Ron Jeremy everybody. Look we all have different motivations for why we do things in life. I'm doing a lot better than Ron Jeremy, right? Hey that's Southwest allows you to see the the people who you once associated with like Ron Jeremy. Jeremy and feel above them Southwest Darwinism. I don't know well measuring I don't know why I got that story stuck in my head, but I do feel that so I'm just happy for time. I want to thank everybody for watching Twin Peaks this week for Greg Gaines Roger Sherman. I'm Chris Ryan. Tyler Parker man fly friendly fly high back fly free.