Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now. Because it's an other stories. I believe that we can always see just a little piece of ourselves. Today, I have the pleasure of welcoming stylist designer and art director calling King to the podcast. The ultimate aesthete who has taken the interior design and Publishing World by storm with his refined and educated. I and less than two years. Colin is a dear friend whose imaginative mind freakishly mirrors my own and who's creative ramblings have been plentiful in his mirror 31 years. He has had more reinventions than one can list. Almost every artistic vertical known to man. I'll name a few here that Colin shared the list will give you a glimpse into his hilarious psyche stylist editor art director photographer Wrangler cheerleader forager designer salesman curator researcher dancer comedian florist mover made Daydreamer and student of Life Colin moved from Ohio to New York City right out of high school to pursue a career in dance. A series of successful Endeavors in various jobs in sued his dance background led him to become a lead trainer for Tracy Anderson. He quickly began training. Some of the world's most famous celebrities from Gwyneth Paltrow to Victoria Beckham his kindness his humor and his innate Talent inspired the most recognizable names in Hollywood to welcome Colin into their inner sanctums soon after Colin landed as a content manager at a small interior design firm to Manage their social media and art direct their photography when he was asked to curate a mix of vintage furniture and trendy accessories something clicked. He found himself curious to understand then execute and capture that intensity and nuances in arranging objects through the lens of visual storytelling. He moved back to New York City in 2017 and has worked across a range of areas in the interior design industry. He has lent his signature aesthetic to Variety of personal clients and Brands such as Roman and Williams Guild Zara home. Hey Home Depot Benjamin Moore and cratenbarrel. Colin has made his Mark through his editorial work producing and styling feature print and digital stories for major design and shelter magazines including architectural digest house beautiful T magazine Elle Decor Vogue and Domino amongst others Colin and I first met when he styled my Brooklyn townhouse lat Steer for architectural digest and we have basically been Inseparable ever since Colin. Welcome to more than one thing. Wow yikes. I don't even know what to say. Is anyone still listening. Oh, no wasn't too long. I don't know it might be but maybe in just like hearing about myself to I'm just like, oh, is that hard? Yeah, it's really hard for me. Oh tell us about why that's hard for you. Well, I want to First say thank you for having me. I'm like filled with extremely I am gratitude that I'm even here and I'm so proud of you. Thank you. I really am thank you. I kind of want to start by asking you what being a multi - it means to you and then just to kind of ask you to kind of take the listeners through the Journey of your creative Endeavors. Yeah, being a multi - I mean it means everything none of us are one thing can't put a label on any of us and you know, I was so ashamed of all the things that I was always doing because when I left home After I graduated school, my parents stopped knowing what I was doing. No one knew what I was doing because I was always changing it and I was something I was so ashamed of it first because in my mind you were supposed to have the one thing like, what's your one passion? What are you going to jack hammer away at until you're a master at it? I didn't know I was a dancer but you know my whole life, I just knew that was my way out of Ohio. I knew I wasn't cut out for it the rejection the physical demands the men. All demands. I just I look to my left and to my right at auditions and I knew other people wanted it way more than I did. When did you start dancing though? I'm here. I mean I started dancing kind of late, but I was a boy, so it was kind of you know, it was exciting because a lot of dance studios. That's when Columbus Ohio. There's not a lot of boys. So I think it was about 13 when I started dancing and yeah, it was just it was a way to express myself. I was always so self-conscious of what people thought about me and I had this like deep desire to be liked. no, and for others approval and you know, I was so uncomfortable in my own skin and I had this like anxious apartness at all times, you know, I didn't know I wanted Roots but I didn't know where to put my roots and to dancing offer you that did it give you sense of self it did and I think that any like queer person listening may be able to relate like I was really ashamed my voice and it's funny that we're doing a podcast but I was really I thought it like completely disarmed me right away because Everyone just kind of knew. Oh, he's gay, you know and so dancing really allowed me to communicate with the outside world in a way where I didn't have to speak but I could be expressive and I could be jovial and I could be, you know, some some dances were like super fun and like crazy and like 60s and then others were like lyrical and gut-wrenching and emotional and it allowed me to go to all those places within me without having to articulate it because I was just so so My head about how their people perceived me. So yeah dance, but when it came time to put food on the table, I was like, are you kidding me? Like you would go to auditions, you know, you'd put your name on the list and then they'd see the first 200 people that showed up and then it was like that was it and you just spent a whole day there and you're not making money and you know again I saw people that wanted it more than I did and it kind of scared me and I thought New York was the problem. I was like, it's New York, I think If I go to La that'll be better and you know, it's always something else is never me. That's the problem. It's always like the location or the other person or whatever. So I went across the country. I've never been to La never stepped foot in La did, you know anyone? Nope, not at all and it was one of those like things that you do when you're 22, and you have no fear, you know, and you're just like I'll figure it out like being Like 31 now, I would be like I would I would never do that. I would never move somewhere. I've never been you know, did you move there for Downs? I moved there in hopes of finding myself, you know of I had gone to college in New York city. So I was pretty stuck in this just routine. You know how we get stuck in these like cycles and I couldn't really see outside of the things I was doing on a daily basis like the auditions like I had built the structure that I didn't know how to deviate from so Being an extremist. I moved across the country. It was easy to get an agent. You know, what I found is didn't dance agents just sign everybody because they make so little money off dancers II thought I was so special. I was like murdered it first audition. I got an agent and quickly I would go out and just like no laughter. No laughter. No laughter. No laughter. No it beat you down it be me down and you know it like I've so resilient and I never let go of Hope And faith that something was going to happen, but I was beginning to look somewhere else because for so long I was just trying to make dance my thing, but then you know with it not working out. I was just I don't know. I felt like the clock was counting down and I was and I was running out of time. So cut to staying in the physical field like a lot of dancers. That's a very natural transition to just go to training. It's constant. You have a have a constant paycheck. You're still moving your body. You know, how The muscular structure works, you know how to hold your frame. And yeah, I just jumped into training. I jumped in at Tracy Anderson. How did that opportunity meet you honestly kind of formally she had auditions and I went and it was hilarious because I didn't know she was I had never taken her class and I was horrible at it when she already did she already have a phenomenon? She already had a phenomenon. I was at her studio in Studio City. It was like this little sweat box. It was her it's her first Studio, but The New York one already shared the Hamptons one. So yeah, she was she was a household name by that time. Are you teaching classes at first or did you go right into private training you just jump right in and you're the thing is with her is she has created this phenomenon as you said and it's learned through other people, you know, like we would have to Shadow other trainers and take a million classes. It just like has to be ingrained in your body the way she moves and it's she hires dance. First admit make her Movement Like that's what we're taught to do as dancers. So I got in there and then I started with classes and then quickly graduated to privates. And as you mentioned was fortunate enough to work with some incredible people that were like only in my childhood dreams, you know, and I got to travel with them and live abroad with them and you know, it taught me so much about showing up for people in a way that was emotional and physical because to see At that vulnerable state There's Something Beautiful about it to like work through someone like with a workout at 7 a.m. Or 6 sometimes 6:00 a.m. And a trust. I mean to be in the homes of those people is no like small feat and to be one-on-one with them and the trust that was very valuable to me and looking back. That was a really great lesson to me. You know, I don't know anything until people show me, you know, and I don't know there's so many things about hearing people's stories that as you said in your intro, you know, it's through other people that we kind of Find ourselves I found so working with those people seeing the demands that life placed on them and being able to be a small part of their daily routine was fun. It was you know, it was exciting. I was in my early 20s. It was like a wild ride I can imagine. Yeah share with the listeners like that first experience of being around some larger-than-life celebrity. Like are you always quite comfortable and yourself? Do you get nervous like? Oh my God. No, it's just so awkward. I mean for me I think It was easy to hide for me behind a job. I was there for a reason so but I mean it was nerve-wracking. I mean walking into these places a lot of times you can sign an NDA right away and you know, it was it was nerve-racking, you know what I mean, but it was exciting and you had to pretend it was completely normal. Can I think nothing normal about it? Nothing normal about it. I mean, you know nothing normal about but to pretend that it was normal and really be confident knowing that I was there for a job I was there for sir. Service and I was there to do what I knew how to do taught me confidence and it taught me to be comfortable and what I was doing, you know and to really keep going, you know, because a lot of times, you know, it was big personalities. You got to think on your feet. It taught me to like navigate personalities, you know and navigate teams and and getting to you know, the truth and love that. So what was next how did design enter your life or I mean, I know that there's been a Of things there was real estate in there was house management and there was you know, there was so much content creation. And yeah, there was so much because I think that social media manager. Oh media. I mean the list will go on. But you know for me I looked around I had been doing Tracy for I don't know almost four years and I think that if you don't want to be your boss, I don't know. I think it might be time to move on and I knew I didn't want to be Tracy Anderson. She had something amazing and that was her thing and I I loved my experience there. It was just that like I didn't want to be the next Fitness Guru, you know, and I didn't want to have a studio and I didn't want to do the video. So I do know that you had something more that you wanted to say creatively visually. Yeah, it's a good point. I mean something has always been stirred inside me like something that's just a little unsettled like it didn't feel like I was home. It didn't feel like I was grounded while I was there so To your point. Yeah, I guess it was a way of that uncomfortability that unsettledness. Yeah. That was that was my creativity probably like trying to come out right? And yeah from there it was it was kind of a trip Skip and jump into design because as you mentioned I loved real estate I loved homes. I love Interiors. So trying to get into that world. I knew I could get a real estate license. It's relatively Eez, so I did that I was on a real estate team for about a year, but I quickly realized there wasn't a lot of creativity there, but I didn't really know how else to penetrate because I knew I wanted to work there but I didn't know how and homes so yeah, I just looked up online. I don't know. I think it was business of home and I found a listing and it was like a content manager for a cute little brick and mortar Design shop on Melrose. We went in there kind of was honest with them about where I was. And what I want I wanted and they took a chance on me. It's amazing. Yeah, it was amazing and it was so fun because I got to do a lot of things. I had no idea how to do but became very apparent that I like doing and I was good at so what was your like take us through what your days were like when you were there so they had this brick and mortar. So I would go in I would style little vignettes that capture them for Instagram. I started building their social media you are taking the photos on. Your iPhone yeah, it was taking I was taking the photos. So I was again honing in on that skill as well. And yeah just messing around because I knew for me. I knew there were images that I liked but I couldn't really tell you why I like them and then so it was me just trying to create and recreate and put things together and play with combinations that felt like oh, wow that works. And you know, I was writing I was doing their blog. It was a one-man show during their blog, you know, they obviously had Our products come through this showroom. So we would have to photograph that which was a little less creative and just a little bit more, you know functional like we got to sell this because it was just a singular image. Yes, right, but little did I know the whole time I was learning about design. I was learning designers. I was learning how to photograph Furniture. I was learning how to style I was learning of go to flower market to do florals, you know, it was just kind of building me up and doing what I do now, right? So one of the reasons I started this cast was because I feel as though I had a very similar kind of reflection on myself. That was a poor reflection that I beat was beating myself up that I was a multi - it which I never even knew that word existed until recently but I was embarrassed by my creative ramblings and you talked about having shame surrounding the various things that you were doing. But when I started this podcast you not everybody has that, you know, I actually thought everyone had that but not everyone does. So how did you move? Through that, you know particularly at this point in your life. You were like, you said you were learning new things. So when did you find shame? And when did you find the education of something new propelling you forward and like how did those two things balance out? Because obviously there might have been kind of uncertainty and fear surrounding a lot of the things you were doing, but you were constantly moving forward and discovering and growing so even though you thought Thought you had shame it was creating who you are today. Right? Wow, you articulated that really well. I think it's funny because I heard a really great acronym for a shame that applies really well here and I was so excited to use it but shame should have already mastered everything and that's what I constantly felt. Like I should have already done this. I already should have known this, you know what I mean? Like there's so many aspects of my life where I didn't want to learn. I just wanted to know, you know, I Said I was so scared because I'm like is this the right thing do I want to be wasting my time? There it just that that like ticking clock. You know, that countdown was always around for me. Like I was so scared to like stay and anything because fear of failure, you know fear of making a mistake and to answer your question like I think staying curious and staying open to possibilities like being willing to do anything. I mean literally anything, you know, if I had to like clean it. Toilets or stay late and help this, you know, it was just like all hands on deck like I was willing to put in the time and the effort and to just go in and wing it in a way and be candid about that. You know, I think as soon as I learned to be honest about my limitations doors opened up because if I sit here in front of you and try and pretend everything was perfect. It wasn't at all but the second that I said, I don't know or let me find out for you or can I come back to you or can you help me with that my life? Much bigger, you know and and the opportunities did come because people will meet you where you are. The second that you are honest and vulnerable or show a little bit of your Humanity, you know, like of just saying like, you know what? I don't know, but maybe we can figure that out together. You'll constantly be growing and you'll constantly moving forward and for me I kind of lived in that state of not-knowing like I didn't know what I wanted to do. So, but maybe it was a blessing. It was a blessing. It was such a blessing and although this was a full-time job it there was flexibility in it. Like I was always, you know, sourcing or running around or I could write from home some days. So it was a very Millennial type of job in the way that it didn't look like a 9 to 5 and for me I kind of also back to your question like I thought I wanted stability. I thought I wanted structure. I thought I knew what that look like. I wanted health insurance. I wanted all the cushy padding and thank I didn't get any of that because I wouldn't be where I am today, but I didn't know hindsight's 20/20 right? I didn't know those things when I was going through them. That would be hilarious. You know, I think that it comes with age it comes with experience. I mean, I know that being as young as I am like I will listen to this in 10 years and my whole life will be completely different and I'll probably think completely different things and what I'm saying to you right now, but it's where I'm at right now, you know, and there's Beauty and Nat and there's Beauty and Just saying present and being where you are, right? Okay. So tell me a little bit about your move back to New York or how Ela ended for you. Yeah, I mean La ended in like crashed and burned be honest. Sorry. Maybe I should know laughs no, no, honey. No it is I mean again it looking back. It was my Catalyst it propelled me for it. I mean to look around and it's the moment of Grace for me, you know is a It where I kind of had to reckon with who I had become which looked a lot different than who I wanted to be and it wasn't pretty you know, I hit an emotional and spiritual bottom and you know, I think that looks different for everyone. I think we can hit many throughout our lives. You know, I Define a bottom as being the farthest away from my Highest Potential and everyone's bottom looks different and I think that's the beauty of being human is like all the End of our Lives look so different, but the process is the same. We have the same feelings. You know what I mean? We go through the same things so, you know waking up one morning and and really it was a reckoning and I looked in the mirror and I knew that if I continued on the way, I was continuing on I would never had any of the things that I dreamed of, you know, like have a family and you know, I just I want to love and be loved and be seen and all these things that I was just my actions didn't match up with my intentions. Hmm. And so I I had known that New York wasn't going to fix me but I knew that New York might be able to pull something out of me that I can pull out myself in La so I changed my surroundings once again, and I jumped back to New York and I was terrified because I only New York One Way College dance. Like I didn't know how to navigate and it was messy again. It was everything was messy. I was training I went back to training because I needed cash. So I had a few clients that would train privately I was Training styling. I would just like pick up. Please like freelance styling jobs. And then I started working as a social media editor. I worked for a couple Brands one Kings Lane was one of my main Brands which is a home brand which again kind of is where I'm at today. It was it was oh nice way to be able to do something that I liked. But also I had to supplement it like I was willing to do anything because I just wanted to find it right now. So yeah, it was social media management for I'll what is that mean exactly. Yeah exactly. What does that mean? I don't know. Can you tell me? No it was for me. It was it looked different for every company because you know every company kind of performs well on a certain platform for home a lot of its Pinterest and Instagram. So little did I know I was just like flooding my brain with imagery through Pinterest and I mean like 30 pins a day and like to post a day so it looked like like taking photos sourcing content writing captions, you know for other platforms, right? The reason I'm asking you to kind of really explore what that is because you know, you were really refining your eye and I think that you have an unbelievable talent and how you pair images together, which you guys should all follow Colin on Instagram because it's Instagram is amazing. But you know, you have a very refined I and point of view and you are experimenting for Browns it seems Twizz building upon your own brand that you were a building unbeknownst to yourself, right? So I want to talk about styling. Yeah. How would you describe what styling is someone that has absolutely no idea what that means? Yeah, because it's like arbitrary like nobody really knows like what you know, of course, I mean literally no one knows and it's so specific. It's funny, you know, like so styling it varies across each job, right? But say that I'm going in for an editorial. I'll shoot of with a magazine, you know, I walk into a home and they're usually luckily A Plus Homes, you know, beautiful. But as a stylist my job is to make the space the best version of itself and to make sure it translates to 2D because you're experiencing when you walk into a space you're experiencing it in 3D let these pages of a magazine or book or even a phone or very two-dimensional. Yeah, but I just want to like kind of break that down even further because you know when you walked into My home when we were styling it for architectural digest like from my point of view as the designer and as the homeowner like everything was already Picture Perfect, right? So there's a huge difference like you said in 2D like through the lens how something is perceived where the photographer puts their tripod and the angle at which objects are seen at that angle is completely different of how your eyes view it in 3D. So you're always looking through The lens right from a crumble. That's the computer. You know, if the computer is Tethered to the camera of the photographer. You're seeing what that looks like through the lens. What do you do when you see an image on a computer screen that you need to kind of finesse? Yeah, of course, I mean into your point. You're just talking about the frame, right you're working within a frame. So to me it's very much like a composition and to make it make sure everything has its moment, you know, because say you're coming at it from an angle everything. Starts to look stacked on top of each other and all of the objects kind of get muddy and they like stack on top of each other and you're like, what is that like and so, you know, it's important to work with the photographer. Once the frame is set up to make sure that everything it's composed. There's movement. Nothing feels stale or Stark. I say that but you also have to let a space breathe and I look at it as a composition, you know, it's there's movement. There's there's at ease for breath. There's Embrace a negative space and there's weight to it. Right we talked about weight a lot. It's like is the right side heavier than the left and knowing objects florals. I mean stools chairs things that we'll wait wait it, you know, wait the photo and make it feel three-dimensional even though it's too right? Okay, Bill, so tell the listeners like who hires you and what is a typical day look like I want you to yeah are all the details all the tea. 70 say no idea spill the tea. Okay. Yeah, I again it looks different for every project. I think this past year. I signed with an agent and that was big for me because I just I bet on myself, you know what I mean? And I really believed in myself again and took a chance on myself with a lot of support from people around me and you know, so now work is being filtered through them whether it's a brand like Zara the art director will approach them. Them and they will send me the product that they want to shoot the location sometimes or sometimes. I'll ask my opinion about the location and then kind of from there. They'll give me a budget for outside sourcing so because they wanted to feel like a home. So I'm sort of seeing objects books ART furniture to really make it warm and to feel like a home editorially editors will reach out to me to work with designers. So from there, it's like usually get a scouting shot and I'm like, thanks. No, not all the time, but a lot of the time and that's where my work kind of begins. I literally will print them out. I'll Circle moments of where I think there should be a flower or there's a missing something and it'll start a dialogue with the designer whether that object exists or we need to pull it or find it or Source it and from there. It's it's a lot of prep work a lot of behind-the-scenes. It's not just like show up and move a couple things around. It's love a 445 wake up time. You know 4:45 a.m. To get to the flower market to get the best stuff lugging professional slapper. I know, you know a lot about that I do and you know, bring all you got literally more the better, but you're also leveraging the relationships that you've made in the interior design World gallerists boutiques to kind of pull objects for a lot of these shoots. Is that right? That is right. Yeah. I mean, that's the beautiful part about this business. It's a it's a collaborative business very Much. So, I mean I think even with styling that relationship between stylist and photographers really important and also designer obviously, they've created the home and the homeowner to because you know, the homeowner brings their own style to the space. So it's definitely a collaborative art form, which is something that I love because all I know is I can't do it alone. Yeah, the beauty is that then you start to make relationships with these Gallery owners with these boutiques. I work for them sometimes but but to be able to go in and and have them trust me to take things and photograph them and properly credit them. It's good because you know what, you know, I was a horrible social media manager was because I hated the sales part, you know, I didn't like that. I had to sell anything. Like I just wanted to show everyone beautiful imagery. So this is a way for me to help those owners the gallerists and the boutique owners to get their product featured editorially because they get credit. Is that right? Yeah, because they get credit shot. It's on Instagram just driving a lot of traffic toward their storefronts and it's also a mutual respect. I love what they have in the gallery. They love what I do and it's a win-win and to be able to like have a relationship like that where we're helping each other and it's not just transactional. It's something beautiful and something I've always wanted because I was always so scared to ask people for help and I was always really scared. Oh God, if I ask them for a favor, I'm going to owe them and it works beautifully because you know, it's mutually unofficial and it's a mutual respect and you know accidents happen you do this long enough things break something gets lost. I mean, but it's part of the business and it always works out. Right? So everyone that comes on the Pod I asked I should say to kind of outline to hurdles that they faced along their Journey, you know, like as you've navigated your career both personally and professionally like can you share Two hurdles that you faced and how you've moved through them. Yeah, you know, it's my career and personal life are so intertwined. I think a lot of people's are and for me to be really Frank. I think that my biggest hurdle that followed me through my 20s and it's still, you know, a daily practice is self-acceptance and just being comfortable with myself and who I am both as a human. As a man and just as like, you know, another Bozo on the bus, you know, because we're all human and that's that's the beauty of it. We're all the same and I think that I was so I struggled a lot growing up. You know, I always didn't I didn't feel like I was enough and I was treated really well. I have an amazing identical twin who took care of me and was my biggest Defender and my biggest cheerleader and we still share a really special bond. You know, I had this like god-sized hole that I was born with, you know that I just was trying to fill with outside things and and I didn't know who I was and I wanted to be who you wanted me to be. You know, it was it was a struggle because you know, and it says it's a Hot Topic gender, you know, and people were asking me if I was gay before I knew what gay was, you know, and and for a child it's super confusing because I don't know what that means and I don't really want you to tell me anything like I don't want you to tell me who I Oh, I am I want to like figure that out and I think for me it was a it was a big struggle just because the innocence of it all I wanted to be a girl because I wanted to be normal or what I thought was normal because I knew I was attracted to guys but my little five six seven year old thinking knew that they weren't interested in me. They liked girls, you know, so that was my go-to and The psychosis of that and the picking a part of who I was and who I created so that I was accepted followed me into adulthood, you know, because we learn early on that maybe we're not accepted, you know, or maybe being different is in. Okay, and I mean not to get super serious. It just it was it was it was Heavy, you know for me and my first relationships around it manifested itself everywhere. So how did you work through that and find I mean, I'm sure it's it continues throughout your life and it probably always will but you know, what were the principles at play that you Had to Institute to start to feel self love for yourself. It was trial and error, you know, I think that for me that god-sized hole was there and I was trying to fill it with other people with career with partying on with eating. I mean it was anything you put in front of me shopping. I was looking for outside things to make me happy and I think that, you know, the second that I realized I have everything I need it was just a matter. Of how I was going to present it to the world, you know was revolutionary for me and that I was okay and then I could be calling it didn't have to be gay and I didn't have to be this and I didn't have to be that I could just be myself and I and I learned that also through other people like when I started seeing 110 people what I wanted like the confidence just being okay and like their own skin. I was like, oh my God, we need to be friends and then they showed me the way so to create meaningful connections with other human beings. Things and to learn to be honest because it's hard. I mean and for me being honest, there's so many layers, right? There's Lying by Omission. There's just straight out lying. There's exaggerating. There's all these things so to like really peel away. Like what is the truth? What is my truth? It took a long time. It's still evolving and you know getting through the other side. I don't know that I'm I'm there yet. But almost. Okay. Let's Things up. Yeah, let's brighten things up because the next Turtles even worse. No kidding. No, no. No, we can move onto the Catalyst good. So when was a moment in your life that really stands out to you where you stepped into? I am instead of a my with a big question mark at the end of it. Yeah. I think that I touched upon an earlier. It was mid last year when I signed with the styling agent, you know, I was working with an interior designer at the time and I was freelancing styling but had that just in case, you know like that moment where you just Have that just in case File like oh just in case things don't work out. That's my like office I go to you know, and I was and I was pursuing styling and the job they're getting bigger and better but I was really afraid to leave that job. So I would say my biggest Catalyst was last June when I signed with Edge and I was able to really like I said bet on myself, you know, and I was just willing to give it a go. There's still so many facets of what I do, but it was it was a way that I jumped in and immediately The job is got bigger. I was traveling internationally working internationally, you know to burn that just in case File and really like jump into feet to something. I mean I was I'm like, okay if it fails because from my past experience, I know there will be other things and yeah, it propelled me into like the fourth dimension. I mean, she's working. I know she is. Yeah. It's I mean, whoa, I've seen it's funny because I kept saying I'll just say yes to everything the first year. That way I can see what works what it doesn't if I like it if I don't because like you I don't know what I like until I do it, you know, and I also love to just walk in anywhere and be like I can do that. I can do that. I can do that. I mean I walk into a studio like an artist studio and be like sure I could be an artist I could do that. I mean I walk into a restaurant and like I mean, I could really make this place great. You know what I mean? Like I could just wait tables and would be happy right? Sure. Yeah. And as so in kind of this diverse and ever-expanding alternative career path world that we live in what advice would you give to someone who is thinking about taking that Road Less Traveled for their creative ramblings? I would say do it just just do it because the thing is I waited a while because I had these like fantasies and dreams that someone was going to give me a book that someone was going to like how How to book yeah, like a map or like some sort of like recipe like this is how you are going to be your best self. I love fantasy and I love like the idea of like the one thing just like clicking and being like this is my magic. This is what I've been waiting for that last stone unturned and being like that's the thing and what I've found is it's not going to happen, you know, like it's the beautiful experiences and the cross-pollinating that I've done by doing all these different things so my advice would just Be do it. Try it. I think that the more in tune you are with yourself and your intentions are aligned and when you are doing what you love then you know, you'll know if it's not right and you'll move on to the next thing and just staying open to possibilities. Like it just took someone saying oh Tracy Anderson's having an addition and then so and so is doing this and then just going showing up to show up. Yeah. So your advice is just do it just do it. We gonna get in trouble from Nike I Hope not. Oh my goodness Colin. Thank you so much for being on more than one thing. Thank you so much for having me. If you're enjoying more than one thing, please subscribe to the podcast wherever you listen, and please don't forget to rate and review us and keep spreading the Love on social media. Feel free to tag and D am at I swooned on Instagram. I'm Athena Calderon. And you are listening to more than one thing.