Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and We have very different views on that. So it's on the Knoll until this morning. So I'll just have my day started to happen to Nelson and he accused me excuse me of ageism and racism which I think was because I said that he was I was sort of sick of the chorus of sort of privileged white middle-aged middle class, man, all saying the same thing about queens and I just don't think that it's grounded in reality. I think obviously their individual circumstances and incidents that happen, but you know, the It's not like it's a hotbed of like hostility towards unionism. I think that it's called Queens. Look I was the point I was going to make was it is the Queen's University is yeah until the change it to Roger casement. Hey, I wouldn't be fucking panic and for the unionists like that. Yeah, but that's might as well where there's like I it's it's it's a cold house for unionists. I'm just like that's weird because on the flip side of that you couldn't get into Trinity if you want the mask until about the 70s. I think there was a weird sort of thing earlier in the week goes on if I don't The media bite and people wearing GA jerseys on campus and I was just like, you know, that's someone just showing pride in their County. It's nothing to do with the IRA. It's nothing to do with you know, whatever you might be. So men are thinking that it is and I think that I don't know just some more that we talked about like British and Irish identity in the North or Northern Ireland, whatever you call this place and the more like the conversation about brexit and the Border Paul and the future of here comes up. I think that people are focusing in on stuff that doesn't actually mean anything it's not it's not about the jerseys. It's about the bigger picture that the worried about the future and I think it's wrong because I think queens has done a lot to try and you know promote equality and diversity and all that stuff. So needless to say Nelson and I didn't see eye-to-eye this morning, but you know, that's alright, that's fine. But the other thing as well, I mean it's guys it now some causal and there's a couple of problems with you number one your open-mindedness, probably your acceptance of other people. You're a woman obviously. So why would you have an opinion? I mean you're not able to join the Orange Order. So who's listening to your settlement? I'm just gonna leave I was gonna leave Nelson's lawyer to get in contact with you over that one. No, I can't make an excuse me. Whatever the fuck he wants. You can't get what you can't get blood from a stone loud if you're looking for your phone, I don't got no. It's been a weird day for me today because I started off doing that and that's the kind of thing that I usually do, but then I had to get an endo business venture with a couple of friends and we had to go and get for a photographs taken and it's just like from one uncomfortable scenario to another except this isn't uncomfortable because we're having paint so that's great. I like to say, thank you for showing up. Looking lovely before an audio record. Yes. I feel like my mom. I've got red nail polish on my hair old blow-dried. Nice. Yeah. I haven't had to get her photographs taken today. And so I'm used to being on the other side, you know, seeing the photographers working. So it was a bit of crack today and then of course are coming down here know. I'm usually I'm asking questions and I'm answering them. So I was I was going to be checking and be alone. What are you gonna ask me about and then I thought that's one of the things the journalist I hate the most whenever people are like tell me what you're going to ask me and obviously for the fall. Listen or whatever else you don't, you know, you won't give over your questions in advance. And so that's why I refrained from Sam. What are you gonna ask me about just just decided to wait and see well you came up with well what other people want to know to start out as you as you record from Queens. I know it's always great to think of something to say in an argument after you've left the thing but has anyone ever pointed out the people that are like there weren't gar tops and University. Someone should probably point out that all of the all of the most of the great teams and most of the trophies and a lot of the stadiums are named after. After Protestants. Well, there is that and don't be panic and yeah, yeah and somebody like one of those like my County wears orange, you know, I mean camera sounds that occur phoned in to say she's a unionist her experience of Queens wasn't that you know, the like fellows in her class or weren't and picked up some range of shops and all the rest of it. And that's the way it should be. You know, people were saying to me earlier in the week, you know, what should be a neutral space like work and I was like, no it's not a circle. It's a face of education and learning. It's not the same, you know, and if Prince William and Kate who were done and go away. They can be okay, you know they were playing and with the kit that all the kids are out. There will need to stop and they were given football goal and had you know, Harlan and you doing all the rest of it. It's just like were there like the they're like the Uber Union is so they're not so like I say our Union supposedly. Yeah, so if they don't have a problem, I don't see why anybody else should and I just think I can't be needs to cool her Jets just relax calm down realize that like, we're from a place that is contested. Yes, we've got peace and all that sort of stuff but like some of us are into The union and monarchy and all those things some of us are in the United Ireland and all of those different things and that's all right, you know, it's fine and you know, it'll be a border pool will be called and I'll be a democratic vote. So up until that point like come on just get along. I just want everybody to get along. Yeah. I know you don't a panic as well because I mean the Braves are thing. I remember you did a piece on that for it was at writers and you contacted me. Yep. You're like, I need somebody like who do I know On the Border? That's from Diane. What you up? I was like, I don't even think I'm gonna call you cross-border worker the time you were doing work in Dublin. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I've been working with my brother. We were built in stuff in the South because they Mexican starting to build themselves and different find it funny that we call them Mexicans. But where the one crossing the border for work. I have to be careful what I say here. I've been called a Mexican a few times and my life for some reason. I don't know but I did have this argument with a girl from our day. She was like no you're the Mexicans because you never cross the border and I was like, but your south-of-the-border dying man. Jessica way that's how the song goes this is. Okay, and then you get in the Donegal and all the different arguments about who's wearing what and then you can't do that. I like to do you think I didn't realize I didn't realize that so many people in the South here. I was calling it the size like it's a real like it seems to be a real issue for some people. They just don't like it and I was like, well, you know what I or II they call us the Grim North or the Korea North the dark. Yeah dark dark nor fuck off of her just point night your geography so you have to be careful whenever your About things and to try not to offend everybody. But the way I like the derry/londonderry thing, I would never correct someone with what they say. I grew up called Dairy. That's what I call it. Obviously like a flan dairies in the title say that but it just doesn't actually come to me and I'm sick of whenever you know, I say the north the of hearing people saying, you know, you you're not respecting this person. Like I am like I'm happily enough to say Northern Ireland and the north. It's just a bit of flexibility. I think people need to be a bit more grown-up about those sort of things but like a lot of my life is Is people you know every but most people are sweet, but there are quite a few people will like her ass and go on and on and come after me over those sort of issues. I'm sick of having the same argument with them. I mean so far where it minutes and you've three times you've said I have to be careful when I say yeah, this is how your subjects feel when your their young people are like long as we're careful what I say and you're like no please sis I can print I have two drinks in front of me as well so that we wouldn't have to pause the recording so At 45 minutes in the should be very confused. I said three or four points. We can probably have your second dress. I was like, maybe I and maybe fun, but no, I know what we have that sums are but you're one of your things where I noticed that you're doing because I follow you on social media and it's always fun to see where's Amanda this week because you're covered elections. And then you're like, I'm up in Stormont. That's minus 4, we're at the front. We have been somebody there half an Arn it and it's just me sex other you station. It's the joy of being freelance. You know, I love it. You know, I feel like I've been to In this operation has 10 years in April working as a journalist and it's a great career to have you know, it doesn't really like I had proper jobs before that. I didn't get into journalism till I was 30. So I've had proper jobs in the past and I know what real work is and what will work isn't and it's a real privilege to be able to do it. I really enjoyed what I do and I've always been freelance. So, you know, some people may associate me with one publication of the other or sometimes. It's just are you amount of on Twitter? And you know, that's okay. Yes, I exist in Twitter and outside it. But I don't feel like it's great to get to go around you get a ringside seat to history you get to see things and getting access to places and people that you wouldn't get too if you weren't working as a journalist, but whenever the storm and restoration thing was happening and I was standing outside, you know, we're I went up to Stronger because I knew that something was happening and you got the sense that there was movement somewhere, you know, and I was like after three years of constantly saying to people, you know, there's little chance of stronger being restored anytime soon. It started to feel as if this might actually be happening and then we got the call that we had to be outside and when we got dying, we're halfway between Carson statue and the main building and it was like half 10 now have nine sort of that sort of time at night and it was absolutely Baltic like the security manager told me that the greater to just left so that was you know, how cool that they were preparing for that to be and when we get down there, you know, all the cameras were setting up and all the mics and all the rest of it and use it whenever I'm there. I'll say, you know to colleagues. Is anybody taking this live, you know? Team, I take it live on BBC or whoever else and I started got the sense that it maybe might have been a priority for some of the broadcast networks. So I decided to live stream what was happening and I end up not hold the phone for like 45 minutes and I was really random because you know, whenever you're doing like a live stream, you can see people join in and you can see the comments and stuff and I was like seeing, you know, like press officers and politicians and like, you know, a real sort of like I have something to myself. I can't I can't believe there's this many people are interested in what's happening here, but apparently that's because I was the only person that was broadcast nice. Yeah, so that was cracked like but yeah that might help get a decent pair of gloves on you're starting with the phone. I didn't because I have been shopping before hand. I had a rucksack on my back. They had a big jewelry box on it and I didn't even have like a proper code on. I had a poncho and my hand like honestly, I do know whatever you do never get so cold that you start to get warm. Yeah. It was one of those ones thing that I think that's right for you dial the first season episode. It's where you get really warm and then you just want to sleep. Yeah, and then they leave your body up the moon. Yeah, so then like that the the press conference with the tarnished and with the secretary of state and and then I did some live reading stuff and then back to bed but you don't like what this job. You never know where you're going to be like an my work does take me over to London and Dublin quite a bit. And I think that's the thing whenever you're from here that if you're working in Belfast and you're working as a journalist, you have to keep an eye on what's happening in Dublin and what's happening in London. I'm more so because the brexit because you know previously Their interest in this part of the world may not have been what it should have been, you know from Britain and from the rest of Ireland and but one something like brexit happens people care about stuff that it affects them. Yeah. So once that it was like, oh what's going to happen here? And what does it mean for us, you know people start to focus their eyes on so it's been an interest in time and it's had me up and down the road for various things and you know to the the president's house with the Pope and I were laughing about that because I was I was trying to describe to my mom were closer. The pope and it was like a you spitting distance and I was like probably shouldn't yeah, but it was weird. It was kind of weird Benham celebrating with all these people and like black dresses and then this guy arrives in and it means a lot to a lot of people and it's a surreal like you're sort of where you end up. Yeah. Yeah, like it gets random because like, you know, sometimes it's not So Glamorous sometimes it's you know, protests and Belfast is the study of protest and I actually quite enjoy that element you obviously don't want to hurt it's over into riots. That's not particularly nice to be involved with but but we're not the kind of place that shots its bias and lets the world go by. Yeah, like I enjoy going down dean of City Hall and speaking to the different interest groups and there's been a lot of that particularly because we didn't have government for those couple of years that people have been on the streets more, you know reason their issues and stuff and it's been interesting to be part of that. You know, what I'm women's reproductive rates and about raise for the LGBT community, you know, like even even some of the other issues that have come up here. It's a I like talking to people and that's why I do. I get whenever during the say there's no value to a Vox pop. You know why I go out into the middle of the street and ask, you know, somebody was who's not educated on a topic about you know, how they feel about what a dynamic but if you want the voice of the people, that's how you get it. Yeah, you know what's around them. It's around him selection. It's not going to be scientific or whatever. But at least you're getting honest thoughts from people. So I cried it quite like that and obviously social media means you're able to have a closer relationship or people are able to tell you what you've done well or what you've done. Crap, you know. Yeah. So now you can Corner sort of an idea of what a society like as a majority or minority believes it to be or whatever your important. Have you gotten to that point and obviously cuz you're freelancing work for so many different people. Have you gotten a point? Is there anything like the politicians that are did they think you work for one one place or do you have to identify who is for when you're asking questions the way I always do it is when if I'm going to a job. I'll like I'll speak to the person or a speaks of press officer. It'll be dumb, you know an advanced by email and I'll let them know who I'm working for at that time. But sometimes I'm working for three or four people at the same time, but I think most people realize now that I am free dance where I was maybe like in the in the first year of my career. I worked only for the Belfast Telegraph after I got my placement months out of the way, you know, I was kept on so I worked solely for them for the first year and then after that I was advising you to put all your eggs in one basket and I kind of burned stoats and work for a whole pile of different people Sunday times. I Irish Times Reuters. I'm never forget the Washington Post emailing me asked me did I want to work for them? And I was like how quickly can I reply and say yes to this email like so what I would like so into fun girl. Yeah, so it's been yeah, like I've worked for a lot of different places their faces. I don't want to work for anymore because I don't like their Styles that's fine. And then I choose a radio and TV comedy stuff and then all my online stuff as well. So it's good its varied. So it means that like a day where Sometimes I could be working 16 hours a day or your I do you're away from home or your you know, you know, that's fine. And then other times you're in the house and you're in your pajamas and that's great as well and on the days when I'm at home, if I get to watch kind down that's a great day for me. That's one of the joys of being self-employed that you can you can have a bit of flexibility and that you're you don't have to get up at 6:00 a.m. Every day. So you're telling me that after a long day of wordplay. Your favorite thing to do to unwind is and word play some trail. Look I love Calm down honestly it with me see him if I ever got the opportunity and to be in coming down corner, you know dictionary corner where you sit beside Susie and you tell a really awful story. Yeah, I would love to be able to do that. We have a but you know, it's nice years and years ago when I got home from school myself my grandmother plaque on time because I was good at the words and she was burning at the numbers. I'm Pamela Moss. I can't so I was I had to be I was like writing game would play on the other then when I got to the numbers, I just go like Ronnie you're up. Yeah, dude, the only numbers I need to know. Was as making sure that I get paid the the letters are my thing like yeah, but the I know you're saying like you're 10 years in is it is it nice to have that validation after 10 years where you can decide not to work for somebody like I'm Steven you're freelancing must be like there's ethics versus do I want to write for the sun? You know that sort of thing. Well, then let's come up with me over the years like thankfully untouched word. And I'm going to run your code 6, I will touch word. And is that From the very start of me being freelance. I've always been very busy and I've got increasingly busy as each year is going on. So a lot of times Freelancers will come to me people who are starting out and they'll want advice and the want to know, you know, how can they do this? And how can they do that? And that's great and I'm happy enough to share that knowledge because I'm not one of these horrible people that tries to protect older sources or protect all of their learning. But it's like if you don't I'm trying to think of the best way to describe it. I try to expand other Freelancers that my experience of being frantic freedoms may not necessarily be what usually happens for freelance writers or three times people in the media. I do realize that the combined with you know, having a bit of talent or whatever else I'm being good at what I do that. There is a lot of you know an element of luck involved in and all that sort of stuff but you know it is it is rewarded in terms of you don't I don't want to be in a newsroom. It acts up working in newsrooms about four years ago because it's didn't work with some of my clients and didn't work with the way that it was doing things. So there is like there is a there is a variety to what you can do, but I certainly wouldn't be in the position know where I was at the start where you know, you felt as if you always had to say yes to stuff and there were a couple of times at some of the Publications that I work for and it was well paid but I didn't really like their style or didn't really like what they were asking me to do. So, I just stopped doing it and you know, No, I like I did work for the song at the start of my career for the kids at the old sort of Chef for them. But I didn't really like the kind of stories that they were asked me to cover. So I took the station just to say no to them if they contacted me again, and I testified at the start, you know, someone you know, obviously the someone bell pepper that I would be, you know, a fan of or whatever and then I thought well I've been paid for my brain rather than my boobs. So that was my kind of justification for my byline appear and I'm not but the more I thought about it the more uncomfortable I was with some other Their coverage and I just thought you know what I don't I don't need the byline enough but not everybody's in a position where they can turn down work and I understand that but for me, I have no interest in working for the daily mail's of this world. No or ever I would rather not be a journalist and do that kind of work. Yeah. Well, I mean the good news is now I mean, you can go work for the Sun that because they don't even show boobs anymore. So get another kiss. No just stop talking. I think I'll survive I think someone I think you like we're doing okay, and I just I think getting the morning argument as McCall's and on the radio. I've pretty much work for most people but I haven't worked for the newsletter and I haven't worked for the Sunday world and someone once told me that we should be my claim to fame but I don't know whether get those business cards. But yeah, whether people agree with that or not, but just like I'm only working with a newsletter if I get to the farm and use on the Thursday somehow I think as well like the older I've got the less I care what people think about me and I really, you know, you have to like whenever you're working as a journalist, you know, sometimes people are contact me and say, you know I've been asked to do this I'm being asked to do that. I'm like well you don't have to do is you know you did you can choose what you put your name on. Sometimes maybe feel is a feet as if you can't you can request no byline so you can say okay, I'll write it but I don't want my name on has you know it if it's not from you then I don't think it's fair to expect people to go along with that which is one of the reasons why I don't like working for other people. I didn't realize as a journalist you can do that like obviously well I do. I know I can no I just mean the thing where you can say don't talk beep on my name and that there it is, but it what's the one and I like Hollywood movies. It's the director Alan smithee if Director make something that is complete horseshit and doesn't want to be known for its crowded into this guy called laughs reporter staff reporters use and what it is. Yeah, but not always but sometimes we learn and I don't know you sometimes that's what it is. But I don't know. I just kind of like you have to be able to look like you have to be able to sleep at night. You have to be able to like sort of have your own pace and you know be comfortable with what you're doing and I think the older I've got and the longer I've been around this. I don't really care anymore. And I think that it's kind of like if you've ever Billion, whenever someone bullies you you'll only allow them the ability to a certain point and then you snap and you mean business and whenever someone knows you mean business that you know, you won't agree to what they're asking you to do or you're not comfortable with this. I think that and then that's when the dynamic in the relationship changes now not to say that I have to get along with a whole pile of different groups of people. I work with people and America work with people different parts of Europe and London and Dublin and Belfast whatever and I can get along great and there's no bother but I just I don't want to be I don't want to be in the same room with the same people for the same days. And you know, this office politics are such and such as taken five minutes more the for their lunch break. I don't care about any of that. So I'd rather just have to work. Where's your office politics is if your own art a bags, who do I shut up here? Because yeah, I'm just me in the house for the laptop box and make there is a terrifying part of being freed answers to every month you think okay. This is the last month. Nobody'll ever asked me to work for them again. I'll never buy whatever but you build up different Uncle when people that you're working for and Different offers come in then you decide whether you want to take them or not. I'll just let the basis that I take it and will it be that's good that that had to be what you're doing the had to be the dream when you started because you're like I would love the option to go. Well, I have had the experience of working with say these 2008. Let's I really enjoyed working for 14 and I'm not 14 can sustain me. So let's just keep working with a nice folks who enjoy and they treat me right and you don't actually say if you can sleep at night, you're not reporting on stuff. You're like, I feel kind of dirty right in this like Recently, one of the things I want to talk to you about was the whole the Press scrutiny about what's written on the causality of it or what happens after and did you have an opinion but all that stuff where I mean if they're hiring celebrities and it's something out because I'm saying you don't do this sort of tabloid red-top stuff. So he told my Caroline Flack and yesterday, I mean, that's only one example versus I think this is something that like has come up quite a few times and not not people that people don't really sort of They don't like to hear it is that yes a lot of the coverage, you know of her life and her death has been intrusive and sensationalist and I would want my name anywhere near some of the things that have been written. But what people read and what people say they read or sometimes very different things and I know them from when you know, the stuff that you think is awful and horrible and you know, no public interest and all that stuff. You'll see it right at the very top of the most read section of the number one story. So people are clicking on it. So I think that the The media has a responsibility to be responsible and the reporting and all the things that the public has a responsibility for their own behavior. You know, you have to make a decision of what sort of media you want to consume. Who do you subscribe to? What do you click on? What do you share all of those things? So I think that the the public the public sometimes doesn't like to hear that, you know and even sometimes as well. Like I'll say something like that online and someone will say I shopping, you know, I saw my aunt saying the same thing on Facebook and then I clicked on it good. Believe what I was reading and I was like, well don't click on it. You know, you knew what you were getting there is a timing with obviously with the access to the internet and the stuff you can access the word has become much smaller, but it's it works then on the basis of thick. I'm from a small village if there is somebody who is the the flavor of the wake of the story of the week. That's the sensationalism of did you hear it? Did you say Jane left Dave, you know like anything. So that's the story people want to know about and that's on a smaller scale but Once it becomes a big story on a worldwide. It's like well more people are clicking it more people are viewing it whether they agree with it at the disgusted, but they still are there still are providing the appetite for it. Yeah. I'm so excited. As you said sometimes people are just like that's terrible, but you're just like bought you've created the market for what you're complaining about. Yeah. It's like taking a notch. I want I wanted to get the sort of the journalists and not even opinion of it because it's not something it's not like a company you work for Or but there has to be I mean, there's two sides to every story. So that's how the opinion of what people read what people whenever it comes like, you know, they're very clear guidelines for for journalists reporting stories around suicide, which is a really serious problem here, you know, there's loads of help available from Samaritans Lifeline all those all those places. There's guys lines in place for how you're supposed to report that and constantly I see it been reported the wrong way constantly. I see it being done the wrong way and it is It's me, because you know whenever people whenever people put in the media put awful stuff awful content as it's called were not Raiders any more content providers and whenever whenever that goes out it's you know, it gives people the the license to sort of Toro journalist for the same brush. We run. It's not fair because most journalists are good decent people who don't have an agenda, you know, no matter what it might say on Twitter or how some people might feel you're not all Piers Morgan. Yeah, you know like we're not it's not like something my conspiracy where we're trying to like damaged people or any of that but it is difficult. Sometimes whenever you're thinking seriously have you seen the state of that headline or that coverage of that photograph or even though the story itself? And so I can be pretty annoying if you're trying to sort of stick by the rules and try to be you know, decent and honorable and have integrity and you know try and do it the way you're supposed to do it, but, you know, you can only be responsible for your own behavior and then just leave it to Other people for what they do, or maybe if there's a massive human tragedy don't put upon headline on I know that's not the journals. That's that I know this is so bad in there somewhere being like what Joe. Can I make up a Destiny or like you're a piece of shit. There's there's not an issue as you're saying. Look at this a lot headline more people that sensation isn't worried real ham and you go holy shit it click and then you're like this is nothing to do with what that headline said. It's that misleading and click pay it commissioner. Yeah. This is the sort of and also as well people rely on On on their news from like places are reputable even people ride on like around the coronavirus stuff that we're doing the moment people rely on like some random website that says if you rub Ginger and the inside of your elbow that it keeps coronavirus away. I'm like, where did you read that and it's like some random website nobody's ever heard of and I'm like, you know, the Lancet the NHS like all of those, you know credible sources and I think that's probably because everybody's living online more that it can sometimes be difficult for people to differentiate between like what is Fake news or what it is and what it isn't work as real news or like what is like, you know reputable Source a reputable Source, but I think it's you know, your pop people are dying to know what they're like, the proper websites are like who to go to for I think you're giving the general population too much trash really sometimes I am I like to think people are inherently good but some but it's that thing of it only. I mean look at this country. It only takes a couple of people they're really fucking up for the rest of us, but that's the same with Everson. It's like that's what I was talking about earlier, you know. Homophobes in the sectarians and the rest is people that are in the society are in the minority and you kind of sometimes forget that whenever stories or sort of Amplified up in despair if I'm interested in a why I'm not allowed to say fake news. Is that although it's not that it's just because you've worked for some reputable places and but it's what I would describe as you know journalism, right? Let's that have a bit of you know reputation in a good way, but that's like fake news is this has become this thing where Whether it's fair or not, if anybody disagrees with it, they can just go. Yeah, that's big news. I'm just like that's not fake news. Yeah that annoys me but not that is something that with the uprise of guys like Trump where people are he coined the term? I'm like, I don't know if he did but he certainly made a fucking popular. I'm I have a cousin in America who's a big Trump supporter and he will judge you can just go there are some facts from a reputable news source, and it just go thickness because that's okay because they're just because it distracts, you know, if he's attacking then everybody's looking at, you know, they attack or there. Yeah versus energy Nothing I said, yeah, and then they'll just say I didn't I don't need to read it on like you do. Yeah. Well, I think that like I think people are becoming increasingly sophisticated in terms of what of they can see how things are done, you know everything that's why I love about something like Twitter because it's a great leveler, you know, if you're Joe on the street or your Donald Trump people have access to your Twitter kind. I found off your audiences might be different but you have that platform to be able to say whatever you want. And with that comes the horrible people and the people who want to manipulate him for information. But also it's a big pool of people who are really sonde and who are good crack and I always like whenever I get tortured online by like trolls or whatever. I always have to remind myself that most people get in touch with me or dead on yeah, you know, there's it's not this sort of like everyone goes on it, but I know it's terrible and like, you know, social media is making everybody be really horrible and I'm like no they were horrible to start with they've just got another platform for it. Yeah, and I think that's the way to Spain because you know, just because you can you know, I can both going to swear, but maybe I shouldn't I thought I'll never work against this. I love fuckin swerves. It was okay. Obviously my podcast I'm fucking blind if I want I am quite a scary person by Nature. So that's something that I find quite difficult because a lot of times whenever people are being nasty to me online. I want to tell them their fault. Yes off or whatever else on a apparently that's not professional. So I'm not like today is so your boss for a day. What a day what a day. He's got a sack. But yeah, this is one of the things the right way one of the reasons. I really missed working on building sites is because you can quite Literally throw something at someone and not lose your job. Yeah, what did you say half a brick? I don't know. I've kind of because I've been doing this now for 10 years. And because I had I am at the point now where I will only do what I want to do. I've extended that doll parts of my life. I decided I really have no time for stuff that I don't like fair enough and I try as best as possible to minimize having to do any of that sort of stuff, but I don't know what it was like so this out, you know, if I was to swear at the Sailor then my be the best image and all that sort of stuff but No, I think that I think I pushed the postal line as far as I possibly can without sort of one of the things is yeah one of the things as well because you have your own Twitter there. There's that the dangerous aspect of you also have an opinion. You're like, here's my factual reporting and he was also my opinion on said so I'm like there's what I have submitted for my job. And by the way, yeah, here's what I've observed from being here researching this being on the ground watching this happen. Yeah, and I think sometimes people Don't understand you can do both of those things here. I can report on stuff that was happening. Factually. Here's the information. This is what he said. This is what she said whatever and I can do that job. No bother, you know, it's very obvious to people that I would be pro-choice when it comes to women's Reproductive Rights, but I'll happily give an errand everybody's views, you know, whenever the debate was happening over the last couple of years and the protest no, I would go to the pro-life rally is called I would go to the pro-choice rally. I would reflect what everybody was saying. So that's all right. So that's the news report taken care of and that's that that's that's that part of your job done. But the other part of my job is doing to analyze and offer my view of things and that is a different type of Journalism a different form of Journalism. And that's equally as valid but it's sometimes it can be hard sometimes to straddle it because sometimes people can't differentiate between the two but like, you know, I challenge anybody to go and find a news report that I've written that didn't cover all the bases because they won't be able to Berlin I think being filled. Ian freelance as well, but also having your opinion have you ever have you ever once people see who you're working for at that particular time? Because you're saying you could be submitting work to three or four Outlets like say a press officer talking to a politician has anyone ever refused to speak to you because of who at that time you represent? Yes that has happened. Yeah, it does it does happen. Sometimes everybody. Can I talk to you Amanda Ferguson from their paint news here and like we're like no I have had you know. S for interviews that are in that have been in for a very long time that I don't think that they're going to bear fruit as they say. Yeah, like, you know you have it's assumed that when every whatever I whenever I go anywhere, I'll be like hey, you know, I'm at the Ferguson. I'm working for blah blah blah and I'll name the out. That's what I'm working for. And sometimes it can change how the public responds to you and particularly here, you know, particularly around contentious issues. You can go to somebody, you know, one year about their lives the example of This is the time that the times that I've been covering the 12th of July and I'll go on my covered every year and the first six years that I was working whenever I was there to cover it from perhaps what will be perceived as a union a stick type of out that there was absolutely no hostility towards me whatsoever. But whenever I went back the following year and just same thing. I am Amanda Ferguson. I'm from blah blah and I had had a more of an Irish flavor to the title. I got a Better kick back in a little bit of sectarianism and a little bit of I won't speak to you and that wasn't you know, it may not necessarily been directed to me because they assumed I was a TA girl, you know, whatever else but it was more that oh, we don't like that publication. So we're not talking to it. So you sometimes get that a little bit. I don't know like most people are most people are dead on and the majority of people will speak to you and there's no there's no problem with it. And I think that everybody's you know, nobody's ever come back to me to complain that I haven't reflected what they've said accurate. Lee yeah, so, you know, what kind of sex I try to avoid being sued. I tried all I try all those things thankfully up to this point. I've managed to sort of unique funny stuff first Paint This Could Be Where It Gets libelous What's he gonna sort of especially covered some like the 12th of July. You're rocking you go. Hi. I'm Amanda Ferguson there like come on in brother. Yeah. I think this was there sometimes is that is great as well. Whenever you go into something and some people assume your products under they assume you're a Catholic or they assume something about you. They seem your recent because you're covering, you know, the story that that you're part of the of their Community or whatever. So, you know a lot of times it's great that you're just welcome Dennis part of everything else, but sometimes it can be like, oh, I don't feel really comfortable being here. And that can sometimes be an issue but it's not in the majority kisses. It's not like it's Grand but that's that's actually one of the reasons why my mom picked Amanda is my name. She gave us all known finian names because she wanted us to it was gonna say did I have started about this? Yep. I'm from a mixed background like my mom's catholic and my dad's a Protestant. Neither of them are religious people or political people around them like that course, not the married. Yeah. Well they divorce as well. Like that's another story. Well only one only one of them is okay with that, so, I don't know. No, like I said, I think because I'm like I went to centuries of his journey on term. Well was originally that's how old I am. I went to the summer and Road school first and then we moved up on with the ultra mode and then for secondary school, I went to about first Royal Academy. So whenever I was a kid and my dad for kicks uniform the brown and orange lovely it's changed now. It's for its borrowed and blue and but we were just we were the Jaffa Cakes and we were the Catholic Primary School and we would have had thrown Stones thrown at us from the nearby Kids from the Protestant scale, so I got to experience people been, you know, take this feeling that whatever and that was that and then whenever I went to be Rai was still walking to see him route home to and from school and all those things. But this time I had the Protestant school uniform Berra is to an extent sort of it's not integrated but there's a certain amount, you know, it's maybe like a 6030 like it's a natural kind of thing, but it does feed like a more kind of protestant kind of skill like, you know, there were bits of the hymns. I didn't know and I didn't I wasn't familiar with hockey and never didn't know as of a cricket or rugby or any other sort of thing extra but they are father whenever I go whatever I was coming back home. Then I got sectarianism from the Catholic boys school who then assumed I was a Protestant. So I think growing up in a household where everybody was just welcomed that was at face value. That was a great grinding and I think that people respect that in my work that I can hopefully reflect a lot of different opinions and a lot different views and I don't come with any Any other topics that are contentious here with you know why I'm on this side and I have an agenda, you know, some online trolls might think you know because they know that I'm not, you know from a predominantly one background or another they might think I have a bias either way, but I really don't because like none of it bothers me like is he even like even that the language around it like, you know, the Chucky our laws and the no surrenders. None of that bothers me like and I can quite happily cover, you know, any element of life in the North or in Northern Ireland to for people who are going to shout at me. No, uncover are quite happily cover that, you know, no bother at all and I like to think that my background and my experiences and at the fact that you know, you know, I'm pretty sounds like you know, I'm not I'm not out. I don't have this big sort of like media agenda one way or the other and I think most people understand that. All right yourself prisons, no prisoners. Well, you know, this is this is the thing as well as just lasts around of ourselves just fell over self. You know that first painter to yeah for Friday. That's it. Not quite understand also that is the only time in history I've ever heard of a Catholic school being referred to as jaffers. That's fantastic. Yeah. I tried it was because it was a bright and orange uniform. I know I can say is what I'm sorry. The reason over here is people. I don't know if I'm half a Jaffa, you know, that's true. Well, I have the I have the thing where like I tell a joke of my parents doing that where they get everyone got a nondescript name. Yeah, except for my brother Declan Stephen goes Often exactly. So while we're we grew up was a mixed area. So that's why it was only I didn't want even though I'm from South are my best practices like a 50/50 Village and then my next turn it look at the street. I grew up on was all next. So, you know, we talk the next door neighbors to play, you know football and hurling then we would have went with am and how to go with hockey and all that kind of stuff. So that didn't bother me. It was only when I moved about first I was like you people are nuts. I wasn't like even though I think an issue here in the way to experience a little bit of sectarianism growing up. Up, you know being like educated in the Catholic school or whatever. I didn't really feel like a take and tell her when to big school because I'm like, all right, we're different like where this is. This is a bit weird and this is a bit different but fun as well because you're not as you said like your next time sleep. Well, I was brought up a Catholic in terms of like communion and get information officers about like, you know, I'm pretty much an atheist or the know I've rolled back on that. I'm agnostic. It's it you know, I'm not going to say that that I know for a fact that God doesn't exist, but I think it's unlikely. You know any single point, you've got ya even opinion. We've got an opinion he doesn't but that's the thing. But whenever you're here, like whenever people talk about people being from a Catholic background or Protestant background, and I don't think that really applies anymore. What people are talking about is really British and Irish identity. Yes, not even about religion anymore because hard anybody goes to master church anymore. Anyway, yeah, but whenever I went up to that the austere Museum have a new cultural exhibit in that's like around the dairy girls Blackboard, you know the enough different things, you know, I wasn't Protestants he had Arbor and Catholics loves. Like statues or whatever it was toaster. And so I did the test and I got 65 percent Catholic on 35% Protestant. So let's go ahead genomics work. But okay. Yeah, but that was you know, that's you know, that probably that's probably about right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, probably right I say, yeah, but you have them I always just think the identity thing is funny here because I think maybe it's something because I myself have always just felt comfortable in my own identity. I don't care. I mean and I used to get like when I worked And in the South which they'll head when I say that people would you put all your naughty your breath and I'm just like whatever let's I and I on the other thing as well where I would get stick from people in my own Community where I'm from being I don't in Northern Ireland. I'm just like I didn't partition the fucking thing. So I'll say what I want. Okay, it's exhausting. Honestly, like I've particularly around this coronavirus thing whenever the different cases come in, you know, they're like, they're verified by the North in the public health agency, then it was over. then the ones in the South they're done somewhere else and there was a whole big Riot by clicking the first case on the island and how many kisses on the island and yet you have like I understand that language does matter and it does mean a lot of people that are six Austin when you're working because you're working within, you know, reality and the restrictions of of reality so you have to sort of highlight it but I try to use language that that everybody can be comfortable with on that zombie being woke or another because I get that but you know, I'm happy enough with the North and Happy enough with Northern Ireland and I'll mix in between the two that's just just thinking everybody sweet because before they get out reads to keep reading ago know if you stay out of here. Yeah, it's okay. So the way that I would talk anyway, you know, well, I could have I thought about that joke today because I'm doing Corey in next Tuesday and there is a theater and I just put up on the on the event as I come. Check me. I didn't the river safety. I don't call me and I'm going to start a rabbi walking out on stage and asking what kind of demon. Jeremy just the straight away just got here what the let's let's work the audience but I says well, I mean they were the coronavirus thing. I was just like I was like all it's gonna take is one well-attended Wickham. We're all fucking dead. That's just people shaking hands. I had to go to the GP today. I'll put something and everybody is a potential grow in a virus carrier like per click on a personal level. I'm not really concerned about it, but then I'm not like six Stone and 90 years old or whatever. So I understand that my you know, Thoughts on over may be different to someone else. Obviously you're concerned if people have like health issues and all that stuff, but at the moment I've kind of like the older I've got I've I'm trying to like reduce anxiety and not worry about stuff because there's no point. So I'll worry about coronavirus when whenever I need to if I need to I'm the same I'm people should we are you not panicking because you're like an asthmatic. I'm like laughter - forget it I get it. I know the flu jobs are going to cover me for this one like but we'll see what how I'm knocking. I'm starting not gonna live my life trapped in the house. I was like, I didn't know I did not survive past Park in the eighties and nineties. They get ticketed for the fucking flew. Okay, I would have no bother you see if someone said to me. Oh, you have to spend two weeks in the house ever like sweet. Well, you can work them. I wasn't I would actually like to watch like the the trifecta of was chosen the afternoon you was it terrible and then Tipping Point and then the cheers I will be all over that if I don't want to better counter and you get live streaming you can talk to your mates and be fine. No, i--'cause I my well my work requires either going to the place I work. Work or a live setting because I'm like, hey, I'm a comedian you need an audience coming doesn't help with that it unless I'm gonna start making silly films in the house, which I'm not because I'm just going to either play the PlayStation or watch something on Netflix. So but I'm not panicking they obviously the other thing is as well and if you can all stop calling them fucking skiing holders, that would be brilliant. I didn't know so many people were in Northern Italy. Neither. Did I I was like, what were you doing there ever be scared? That's what you're doing. Go. Do what I did the one time I went skiing, right cause I'm fucking properly. / I went through a door, right? So we're going to keep playing the Barcelona. I got on a bus for three hours and my mates were teaching English there are so I slept on their couch, but pretty much went skiing holiday for about a hundred fifty quid nice work. So if you can afford the fucking 800-pound ago that love the quiz in the south of France or somewhere in Northern Italy, fuck it and stay there. Okay because you can afford together. You know, what said that one of the funny things is happening now is my mailbox is now full of people are for me press trips to me and then Europe, of course you want to come to me like Like here and stay here for a few days. I'm like, no. I'm not sure if I do I may be well, maybe wait this out to see what the crack is. Like. I love what it felt. Like did you have to do your credentials include usual more copy of your journalism degree? Because I'll go if you don't want to I love a whole lot like quite a norm. I don't even know where my certificates are. I don't really care. I want to say I like I'm not--that's other thing as well. I've because I've never I've never been a staffer anywhere. I've never done the proper sort of like this is a job interview and this is the job and you've got it or whatever. I've always. It's sort of like floating around and word of mouth and and moved on things from that way, but I'm not I'm a I didn't realize this until some well I suppose it did realize it but someone says meal of the day don't really like rules do here and I was not so much. I just I like doing stuff the way I like to know and that doesn't mean that like, my nightmare did was like although one of my nicknames is demanda and a lot of my friends quite enjoy his wordplay. I like yeah, like I enjoy that aspect of of me but I don't know eyes. Yeah, I don't I don't think that I'll be going on. I don't they'll be taking up. The offers is all I'm saying because I would rather not get coronavirus. I'm all for that. I would rather avoid it. I'm not worried about it, but I would rather avoid it and you know if your inbox has been but then it just showed you as well. Like this is affecting tourism. It's affecting the economy. It's bringing up conversations about workers rights because it started off as just a health story and all the health correspondence were like all over them because I work as a northern correspondent and I are done correspondent depend on You're working for you know, it was just about health, but now it's about way much more than that and it's actually good because it's got us thinking about, you know, zero hours contracts and what happens to people who don't know. Well if I go Diamond trouble if I don't work, I don't get paid and that's just the way that it goes. Yeah, but I feel like there will be an extent. I know you certainly can't get out and research and be boots on the ground, but if you do get it you're at home with a laptop: all right, let's do some extra work. Whereas it's the whole thing where it depends. I suppose I And ability it is or what it does it. But yeah, I mean I maybe it's a thing where I talked to this talked with this or talked about this with a friend of mine, which was maybe being from here and growing like your of agents. Who am I to remember what maybe we just have a sort of I've definite certain disregard for my safety. Yeah. I didn't I backpacked southeast Asia with no travel insurance. I was like fuck I know vaccines either I did I think that the because the space was the Wild West for so long And because there didn't seem to be anybody particularly in charge and I think there's that there's a little bit of a hangover that and a manifest itself in some pretty negative ways. But it also means that we're pretty game people I suppose. Yeah, which I quite like I quite like that if its like I did I did that when I was in Australia people being like a spider in there. I mean, you know, it's like a venomous phone. I'm like I Gotta Give me a pint glass. You know, that kind of thing. Yeah I Spy. I don't know like like I'm not keen but I was like I'm not going I just want to be of birds you'd hate Australian Brands like ice would pick. Yeah. That's the thing. It's like I just a bakes and they make my next step whenever they're around the sloppiness and dirty pigeons. I hit the I hit like and I remember having to go to a game fair. I think was a murderer or something and I'd interview guy had a European Eagle oil on his arm and it was like during the interview. He was the size of a small child and I was absolutely terrified. So because I had to do my job I couldn't you know I tried to Second you know whatever your salmon toga to someone close but like part of you is moving away from them I was Travis doing that a good bed yeah and but no I can't you know if there was a coal of the pigeons or whatever and City and City Centre I would volunteer like no Butler I just I was just out of that action review where you're talking something about slowly moving away it's like it's like somebody you don't want to Chef the nightclub Trend talked in like get away from her someone was stinking breath you're not no thanks I am I am the eagle thing I remember yet again another story but I was cold like a bird sanctuary and the guy was like Toronto whole like the Falcon our guy for her it didn't bother me but I also have the leather glove on this thing set on my arm Anna and the guy was like oh yeah this is where this thing can Crush bone with its claws and I was like oh wow when I'm holding it and as exciting as it okay there and the guy was like he's actually pretty tame like if he really wanted to go through that thing like a knife through butter and I'm like why did you tell me that because they're my arm when he starts sweating I was like oh God I was like can you take it off me please yeah Yeah, I was and shit myself, but it was that's kind of one of the like although and and talking about being scared of the stuff. I have tracked the older. I got The more I've tried to avoid disturbance tough because I find more like Modern Life and the reality of life and all the stuff that I hear and through the news and my work as a journalist. That's disturbing enough so I can understand anymore why anybody would want to watch like crime and like horror and stuff that's like frightening. So I avoid all of that like I like suffers a lot. Laughs well, yeah, I like when I like comedy I don't like car so it doesn't bother me. I think it was I think but that's agena being desensitized. I love stand up. I love what you doing. What everybody else does I love going to see Comics like yeah. Well, we had that we're actually sitting in the room that I have the sunflower comedy club and which is great. But you missed because of work. Yes. You were supposed to come to the the opening night and end up not being able to go. So this is thing suits. That's what I'm talking about. So difficult for me sometimes to get time off that like two weeks. just like you know self-isolation I will be quite happy with because it would force me to like take time off Heidi Heidi a book called well I have different blocks through the year that I know I'm going to be working for different people and then they sometimes have to clear space but like the last time I tried to do this was one of the times the party and I took ourselves off to Donegal and we purposely booked so what were no phone reception yeah I swear to God yeah we've booked a cottage that has no Wi-fi no phone no phone reception to try and get my phone out of my hand and get me away from working because you're always on because whenever you're doing like what I'm doing because you know I'm not you know health or education or security or crime or whatever I'm a little bit of everything so you have to keep a cross everything that's happening so it feels as if even on days maybe you do have alphabet you're always sort of having to keep an eye across everything else so sometimes you just like I wasn't really great about it in the first part of my career but in the last couple of years I'm much better with you know looking in like For like pumper in and like going away and like switching off and like having the the luxury of being able to say I'm not available on these dates rather than maybe in the past. I would have been like, oh, you know, I'll wait and see you know, what's required of me before I decide what I'm going to do before I decide to book something. Whereas now I just booked it and go ahead because you could spend your whole life putting stuff off and then you'll wake up and you won't have done anything that you want to do cause you've been working for like most of your 30s or 40s or whatever. So yeah when you're when you're fit and able to go and do the things you enjoy. Yeah, but I do know I do need you know, like take a phone and put it in a drawer and like do all that sort of stuff and like get I can't I can ask you a question then of if that's your phone and that that's gear ways. Number one. I'm disappointed. I've never seen you wear. I like one of those fedora hats for the Press card sticking out of seven. So but the gear you need to do your job. What are you armed with when you're like cuz because your mobile as well same thing, you're not The Newsroom. So number one. You don't have your lovely hat and a lap on a keyboard in front of you. Are you rock up with like lat? Stop it with your sweet a lot of stuff to you live tweets and your life. I do a lot. I do a lot of the stuff on my phone and I cause you know, sometimes I'll say I can write an entire story on my phone as well depends which is heat even email number for yeah. I am, you know, there's a computer at home this laptop, but if I can avoid it I will just bring my phone and it depends what I'm doing because sometimes what I'm doing is if I'm working for for a news agency. I'll be live snap into them. What's happening as is happening. So you're listening to it's being said you're messaging, you know, the group work WhatsApp or whatever said such and such just said this this this and this may be a flavor of what they said and then they'll come back to you with, you know, you've recorded at the same time. So then at the end of you know, the information being snapped out, they might come back to you and say, you know, can you expand on that or can you give us a fuller called on that or you can write more on that or whatever that you can have all the point of the story. I know give me the story. Yeah, this is this is what we've live-streamed. I want the summary of it. Sometimes sometimes the light. Snap of it is old that it is and that's why whenever I'm working for more than one person, you know, I can get the live stuff out of the way that I can go and do more of it really depends where I am because sometimes like, you know, you're standing outside somewhere like with your laptop on top of a bin, you know, it's like it's not always very glamorous other times you have a workstation and you know, if it's an election everybody set up with tables and you know plug-in and all of that sort of stuff and and I do enjoy their I think I don't do as much right at night as I used to. Do you know the start of my career was all right in whereas now, I'm doing a good bit more talking and the different skills and their different things but the good thing about the good thing about the broadcast side of stuff. Is that once it's almost on the mat. It's a way, you know, it's live and it's happening and then it's a way but I think it's just the same with everything the more you do stuff the more comfortable you are with doing it. So like whenever I was starting out, you know doing broadcast stuff I've ever met. My heart would have been racing through the roof and I would have sweat and that have been panicking and it would have been worried. It is or is not a because I've done it so much. I don't have that same adrenaline anymore and not not that it manifests itself physically anymore. Anyway, although that night up its torment and they were laughing cause I got my Fitbit out and you could see were like my heart had like, you know gone up whenever I was doing like live stuff or whatever. Yeah, but yeah, it's just I don't know. So, yeah, so yeah, I have like just my iPhone and then I have a little beef voice recorder and stand and Mike's and one for indoor and outdoor laptop computer, but But if I can do it on my phone, I will and that's it. You're talking to a man who's recorded 22 Episodes of yeah. Exactly Tina. Oh, wow, sounds fun. Pretty much. Yeah, so and then obviously, oh, yeah, the little fashion stuff. No Parks. I'm pants and pencils because sometimes you know, you're dealing with you're dealing with a lot of like either complex and like our job is to condense complex information down and put it out in a way that like a wide range of people will be able to understand it to some you do have to make notes and you know you will be even just bullet points to reference from so that you make sure you had everything and you get all the facts that are out and was Easy A the thing where when I first met you I just met you and we were having beers and it was like I'd never seen you on TV and then I met you and then I saw you and I was like well it's Amanda you know I kind of like version it where it's instead of that sort of a kind of the faceless expert of the journalists who they just pop up and go give us an opinion and thus are something in the gone I went when you're on the TV then I was just like like I know Locker I could talk to her yeah it's Damon that me one there yeah I know it's weird because I resisted doing the broadcast side of stuff at the start of my career when people were asking me to dude because I knew I had a lot of opinions but I wasn't really confident about sharing them and then I was concerned about you know how do you how do you straddle that report in and opinion side of things and I was really interested in doing it either and then the more people ask me I was and I just said yeah the first time and then What you do it, you know, it generates more work for you. So it's um Yeah, it's interesting. It's like I enjoy all elements of what I'm doing and there is a buzzer the only Annoying Thing sometimes to vote the broadcast side of stuff is that you do go away thinking I wish it said there so we should said that but something that I still do that I try to encourage other young journalist to do is no matter what you are doing, whether it's your writing a story and Sands and it to news desk or whether you're going on really or whether you're going on TV always try to read back or listen back or watch back on what you've done and that's not like They or whatever salt so you can be a hard time aren't I brilliant? You know, it's because that you'll be able to identify where you could do better for some people they just do it and walk away and then that's it and they don't want to see it again. Whereas I like to go back and think okay like you know or check if I've been accused assassin something that I haven't been accused of and but most times it's to try and alone because whenever like I don't really think that journalism is that people talk about you know, is it a is it a Trader? Is it a profession and someone said to me? You know in the middle seat to my career, it's actually a craft because you're never done learning. You know, I think that's why journalists are good at Pub quizzes because we're constantly picking up bits of information all the time about stuff section. It's on something. Sometimes it was in a tips out the other side or whatever, but you do know we're like a little bit about a lot of things and I like to think that I'm always trying to improve what I'm doing or get better at what I'm doing and you know, whether that be talking too fast, whenever you're dealing with like radio stations in Britain or you know, the way you've written something like when I look at That I wrote and 2010 compared to stuff that I write these days. Like I died inside sometimes it's like how I structure stuff but it's all learn and liking you have to and that's why I like helping out students because they're kind of the only people that I'll do free stuff for because I know what it's like to be starting out and trying to prove yourself and trying to get better at what you're doing and trying to learn but everybody else has to pay for all of this this podcast recording has cost me two paints so sweet. This is probably the cheapest Rick you've done it for a while. Yes. It's my joke other payment we're done. Exactly. Well now when I get that ensures, that was the contract I am a man of my word. Welcome. No are you were saying record and stuff I do that with stand-up world record by Anna's. It's not the vanity of over carefully. Like it's the vanity of me go on. You need to be better. If you want to be the in you need to listen back to this and listen back stuff. When I go Darren stop saying, um, when you're saying know what you're supposed to say and say it properly because I just sound like bringing it all I got. Oh, yeah. Making this up as I go along and it sounds like that sometimes but it's not because it's a written art form or it's a written as easy a craft. So there's stagecraft and there's a lot of parameters that are a lot of comparisons. But the main one is that you probably get paid better for your so it's being freelance as well and we'll do this as a last question. Have you ever had when you're done enough of a job for somebody has anyone ever wanted you to come on full-time and you had to be like I can't even Joy. the free time or the pr people happier to have you on call I have been invited to like, you know to take up opportunities that would be more of a sort of stuff kind of role that I haven't gone for and I think I just I think I like I think I like the way that I do stuff now, I think that even though you know whenever you're freelance, there's no sick pay there's no holiday pay, you know, there's no security or whatever, but I think that because because I kind of security in the career that I had before I was in journalism it bored me and I know that like I know the for many people it's like it's relaxed and it's great and that's what they want then that's fine but for me it wasn't and I just really love the bows and of that sickening feeling of like deadlines and Jeopardy and you know all that sort of crack so I think that I'm not sure that an employer could handle me I think I would be too what's the word I would be too Unionized I'm gonna be to ever be two glasses of your permit for 40 hours a week and doing for you don't like rules that I don't like rules make no sense. I don't like people telling me, you know, you have to do that's just because I say, you know, which is why I would never make a good soldier, you know, and at them like that. I just said I'm that more of a free spirit and I Can't Be Tamed this what I'm saying Darren you don't do it. No problem. And I think I think I think the inference of being my own boss is probably the best way. For me and you know, as I said of people I've been doing this for 10 years and you know, I enjoy what I do and some other people seem to enjoy what I do and if they don't enjoy what to do anymore, I'll just do something else because I don't you know, I'm not desperate and was some other people are in and I don't feel that sort of desperation. I feel I feel privileged to have been able to do what I've been doing for the last 10 years and if people want me to do for another ten years and that's great. And if you know, I'm interested. I'm actually interesting doing stuff. I'd say age of media and I'd say the journalism Um, no because I think once you've been doing something for this length of time that you know, nothing to become see me because of course, it's like a it's a fun job and it's an interesting job and things are always changing but I'd love a new challenge and that's kind of why I was getting a photograph taken today because trying to sort of look to a new business venture as well. So that's something I'll be job. If that doesn't work out you want to give start over go. I'll set you up here if you want my God. I don't know. I'll happily go and see seeing Ryan and Chris Rock and all the rest and hey good already. you know I would love to write and do from do more creative writing but like being that I couldn't stand up and perform like you guys do there's no way I could do it I love it and I love laugh and and and on that but there's no way I could feel free to give it a rating for me if you're on time and it comes out okay but we're probably because we talk about you your sort of Life Persona and what you're on so if people want to actually follow me and see what you're doing is to enter the best one or are you on a multitude of platforms um yeah to Twitter Facebook and Instagram or the main three Twitter's Amanda F Belfast and Instagram cirsium and Facebook page is a man doth media I think that's right - 80 different but yeah that's me and you know I need to take him anywhere but better that they're all the same as well so I need to change those bad spot yeah I'm like I'm happy for people to say hello you know come on say hello and let me know what you think or give me a story whatever awesome what have you got this is related to talk to so amount of thank you very much for coming on to the podcast you're welcome that's a nice Teddy Still burn our love it. Well done. You're the first person. I've managed to keep I'm like, that's do you think of yourself? And actually Kate who is another another broadcasting so man. It's like we know timing. Yeah, exactly beautiful. So guys check out my other stuff on her various social medias. If you've forgot what they already remind a man and a half for God's sake stop its own easier to podcast if you enjoyed this guy's like share and subscribe. Oh, yeah, you can do this me you can help build my fault. I'll be sharing this all over the place. Fantastic man. Has like you like opinions here's an arm. I'd like share and subscribe guys. This has been the latest episode of Dharma these and sometimes friends. I will stick this up later on this evening. So be there for the weekend take a listen to and have a nice Saturday morning or Sunday morning breakfast. And then thanks for listening. Amanda say goodbye. Let's go get a beer. Goodbye. Thank you. More beers, please. Oh, yeah.