This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that long. I know you we weren't friends. Unfortunately Bobby Joe has seen me through a lot of seasons and and we've got a lot of good stories to tell a lot that We'll take to our grave and amen and Bobby Joe's a pastor in Rogersville. Tennessee is pastor of the bridge Baptist Church. Recovering, I won't be covering. I want I want to express to the faces. He's making Yeah, so we're going to dive into this you'll hear probably some entertaining stories that we've got to live through over the years and dig into some other stuff. So welcome Bobby Joe good to see you. It's good to be here Seth that's good to talk to you. Glad you might be one of my oldest friends man. No joke. It's just not you know, we've been in communication for as long as some of my friends that I grew up with probably. to you as far as somebody that comes in our life and moved away and slept on my couch and stuff like that. You know your when we when we see each other it's still the same feels like 20 years ago. Yeah, you're still a kid to me. You know, I know you I notice you're not appreciate that but you still kid to me. I think we've gotten closer in age as I've gotten older. I think so tell you I'm getting younger. Yeah, I feel that you feel that maybe I just feel much older. I feel your age. Hmm. I hope I feel pretty good to be 44 years old. We've had some good years always been a good friend and a mentor of mine. And we've been through some some tough stuff together. We've planted churches and doing some awesome things man. Yeah. It's been hard hard things are awesome. Usually. I would agree with that. Yeah, man harder it is the just eat he's is not where? Real connections made was it a smooth sea doesn't make a skilled sailor. Wow, that's deep deep we get that tattooed on my arm with a nice sear on your neck. And which help your help your job as a teacher. We get one of those anchor tattoos. It says refuse to sink. Oh, yeah that nobody has that. I don't think you buy has that tattoo. Sorry if your little nervous, but that's what anchors are for. Should be it should be a life preserver not it's not that that wouldn't be nearly as cool to let you sink. Yeah, I'm not going to not going to drown. So yeah Bobby Joe. I know you're you're not from Rogers feel originally brought your from the Metropolis of Kodak the gateway to Pigeon Forge. Redneck Riviera Sebastian and they is is that exit off the interstate. 407 is that Kodak it is? Yep right there. We're all the ball field. Bass Pro think yeah Bass Pro. It's not the same. When I grew up. I can remember when Highway 66 was two lanes and I came here when they put the four-lane in we thought life had ended and they put in that really weird and change and that cool you like that. It's with know it's weird. It's freaks me out. Yep. I don't trust people on the road to maneuver that thing properly me. Neither. It makes people drive slower though, if you know, I mean everybody was in a state State of confusion. Yes. I'd like to meet that dude that came up. There's there's other intersections like that in America, but I think I'm not sure they may be doing something similar to that and Boones Creek with that new interchange. I hope not so confusing. I guess if you drive it every day you get used to it, but and it probably is better for flow. So many people coming in to see the Christmas lights and all that Pigeon Forge and Gatlinburg have to offer them an airbrushed t-shirt an old-timey. down an airbrushed t-shirt I had a job airbrushing t-shirts whenever I was in high school. I'm not surprised she get back into that untapped Market man, if it's I guess if I could reach people for Jesus doing that I will probably would do that. I think you can I think that'd be a great Evangelistic tool. Yeah, I'm gonna have to give that some thought really pray about that. So Bobby Joe has been pastoring the bridge since what year was that Susan and seven seven young we left. Previous chart God had a different plan for me. I kind of thought I'd be out on my own really. I'm glad televangelism. I've got the I could probably pull that off probably televangelism. You don't own enough suits. I don't have a case. I've got two Suits now. I've got to one's a funeral suit and one's a wedding suit. Don't get it confused. No, you can't mix them up cuz well, I probably have a couple of your suits to you probably do. We did we had some good times though, man. I think that you know, you came into my life at a time whenever I needed to. loosen up and have we had about 70 kids and 25 of them had parole officers and then you showed up with a guitar and gave us an outlet to be creative and have some fun and you weren't your what what needed hopefully it was good for you too. They were oh, yeah, it's totally kept you in a some accountability kept me out of trouble for sure Bobby Joe and I met I guess he was doing youth ministry in Rogersville. And just started coming to the high school and sitting down having lunch with I guess some of the people that you had in your youth group at the time and then we met just through that. I guess you sat down at the table one day one. Hope it was a cool kids for the first time in your life. Yeah. I never had I never had been invited to the table like that and over a I think you asked me if I was going to finish my fried okra that day you wanted to eat that and so I gave it to you and we made friends. Give him an okra. It wasn't it was rocking. It was telling Blake you go eat your okra Rachel cornbread. I think that was like that was laughs. Yeah, never mind movies. So that's how we met Bobby Joe brought me into the church. He was youth pastor young at the time and he said carried in a guitar and new three chords, which is all you need to do praise and worship music and that's where we got started and the next 20 years is history as they say, is that it that's it. Thanks for coming. I thought about you John was John was leading worship and I was sitting back there and And I was watching. How John has grown how you know, everybody has like that that I look I guess I thought of you because that's where everything started, you know, John had been saying and forever in church, and then you came in and we said, hey, let's start this youth praise team and we didn't realize how that was going to have an effect. Not just on the kids the at-risk kids we had coming but on. adults too and I mean John still leading worship, you know. Twenty years later still right there beside me. He's a great brother to always had a great time sharing the stage with him. He was just a lot better singer than you. I mean totally that's just what it was funny. I remember those early days of playing and I really didn't know what I was doing. I did Hound some skills though playing Steven Curtis Chapman Tunes. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we knew we knew about four Jars of Clay. Yeah, love song to a savior, but that came up the road. I thought I'll listen that out of make him. I almost brought a guitar and he's going to make you play that song and I was going to sing Jimmy's part, but that was Jimmy - listen to this podcast right here sending will send them the link to this one how it was really fun. And then we got it an opportunity to do a lot of Youth trip. And somehow I was a auxiliary Chaperone a chaperone. I don't think I was old enough to be not a ridge right heat not originally you were just the most mature kid. We had might be that was and that's a stretch man. I mean you think about that you had you had more common sense than That you just knew what to do in a situation. I recognize that I mean like when a tent with 60 kids sleeping in at floods. Yeah, we had we did we did that we spent we were doing a youth. Rally in Pigeon Forge and so where did we get that tent? It was an Army tent so it's canvas ice tea I think Rusty and have brought that it was a big giant like 40 by 30 harmeet a probably slept a hundred people. You could easily put a hundred people in cots. Maybe not a hundred you can easily put 60 or 70 in there and we have full of kids and all their clothes and their sleeping bags and they were Laying on the ground. Not not even like no ground cover on the ground forget. It didn't have a bottom. Yeah, four nights. We were going to sleep this way and it came that's just opened up. It came a tarantula downpour and Pretty much a river ran. We noticed afterwards that we put that tent in the worst possible place in the field. It was the low spot and so there was a river that ran under the walls of the tent picked up everyone's stuff and just kind of washed it against the other side. We were we were actually at church that night and I look it was raining and I looked out and I saw a sleeping bag Float by and that's when I realized that we might have a real problem. We done messed up ay-ay Ron. Hey, Ron but it was You know that week it rained every day. You remember the tubing that week though. It was awesome. That's not to year. You hit me in the face from the back, but that we won't talk about. Yes, we will but I can remember that night. We get everybody slept somewhere different. We have think we had 68 kids with us that year every we didn't have anywhere for them to go. People gave us their places their campers and seven kids and campers that were people who start went and stayed in a hotel room. So I are chaperones and kids can stay in their camper. We had hotel rooms donated to us. Yeah. You remember the can full of quarters that Rex gave us because me and Seth went to We went to a it was about I guess it's close to midnight at this time. Probably he had a Chevrolet pickup. We loaded all the wet stuff in a mount in a big mound in the bed of that truck and we went to a local laundromat and as we were pulling out Rex McCarter walked out with two coffee cans full of quarters that he got out of the laundromat and gave it to us. There had to be $500 worth of quarters easily. Then we dried clothes for the Dude at the laundromat was there that was running it and left the door open for us. If you'll remember he said if you'll just let this door shut when you leave it'll be locked but don't go out because you can't get back in and we dried clothes every dryer in there all night long hours. We dried clothes. That was awesome. That was a good time. I've got wasn't great in the should have brought it with me. I've got a picture of me and you standing in a laundromat really I do. I don't even know who took the picture I think. We actually gave a little digital camera that I had to the guy that was leaving and asked him to take a picture just to kind of we're going to remember this and he took a picture man. That was wow. There's a lot of fun to had a Wagoneer. Remember that brown has a cool Wagoneer. We still had that you had to turn the wheel three times to get the tires to move. Yeah. It was awesome piece. That wasn't Story was great. But the the river story this is still my favorite. So Bobby Joe grows up in Pigeon Forge. She's running these roads his whole life. He gets the idea. We're going to take these kids and we're going to float on the river. Is that a little pigeon? It's the river that yes, I guess so part of the fur goes Rod know it's part of little Pigeon River goes by The Old Mill. Yeah. That's what we put in was that the old meal at the not her fault? No, he didn't that's where we almost died. We put in up north we put in as far as we could at the end of The Strip at Pigeon Forge and blame me for that. Well, you knew the river I did and we get we were there yet. We get like 40 kids in the river. Everybody's on tubes. We've been blowing up all morning. We get floating under it. We probably make it a quarter of a mile and Bobby Joe looks at me and he's like, oh no, I'm like what? Hey, I forgot about the dam at the Old Mill. It's so we have 25. We're in the back of the crew. We're in the back of all these kids. So we have to get out run down the bank of the river to get in front of all the kids and stop them. I forgot about this before they start like dropping like little ducks off the couldn't see it. They would have never stop never stopped. They would have just rolled right over that with like no. I did a hundred people in a restaurant just watching kids drop over this. Yeah, 15 20 foot waterfall in front of the Old Mill and Pigeon Forge, but luckily we got Got in front of him and stopped him and then we went below the dam and put them back in and floated all the way back down to the camera what nobody knew. Nobody knew me and you are the only ones that realize until now that we were no and then I was a lawsuit waiting to happen. What? Yeah. Oh man broken bones. We had kids. Yeah, like you said the shelf on fire. That was me. No, it was Adam. Oh, yeah. That's right. You put him out. Oh, yeah. Yeah, thank you roll them. I set myself on fire when I was ten. Yeah and a couple weeks ago purpose. Yeah, that's right. That's right. And they had that one kid sliding down a rail and fell and snapped his yeah. Oh God poor arm that was a different camp, but we were floating down the river that day before. Things hit the fan and it may have been another trip. But same river same scenario. That was a good day. Ma'am were having such a good time. We had a great time most of that day and I found this rock and I was like man, this is like the perfect skipping rock and I was floating on my back. And so I laid this rock on my belly and I said, I'm gonna wait for the perfect like Flat Water scenario that I can sling this rock and skip it down this River. It was in the shape of Africa. I remember you saying that so Bobby Joe and I are kind of we're hanging back. The back in case anyone gets hung up to catch him and I found them. I found my opportunity Bobby Joe's probably at like not anywhere you're at you're at 10 o'clock for me. Probably probably nine maybe know. definitely 10 and I pick this rock up and I tried to rear back and sling this thing while laying on my back in a tube in a river and I held on for just a second too long and this thing be lines and hits him right in the temple and it made it made the same sound you could imagine if you took a aluminum baseball bat into a meat locker just took the hardest swing you could a tap at the the ribs of a cow it was definitely Surprise never saw it again. Totally Rusty was there, you know that in cartoons when those birds fly around their head. I saw that in real life man. He just kind of rolled off the tube. I thought I'd killed him. I thought that was it. I thought I was gonna have to take over the youth group. It's gonna be mine now and it's very fun and here the whole family. So hey, I thought I was going to raise his kids. Yeah. That was I'm glad we made it we made it. That one I know his head probably hurt for a couple of years after that crazy day. Yeah, there was a lot that went down that day. Never forget here in red I could hear I was under the water and I could hear Rusty laughing. You know, how he lieth. I just tee hee hee and I was under the water just I could hear him laugh and I could hear you go echoing. Oh man. Are you? Okay? I was so sunburned. Lynette water I can remember. To sizzle. Yes, like man, this is this feels good if my head I'm starts bleeding. I really thought I was there was we're going to call an ambulance. There's also some Ministry that went on on these trips to but there was very his hand we had that's not the point of these stories about these stories are just nobody can tell these stories but mean you probably yeah Whitney Whitney could tell a lot of Stories on you. She's a watcher man. She see know. Like the not the cat licked all the hair off its tail. Yeah that not I've never been I've never seen my wife. I had at that point in time never seen her. So upset with me. Do you want to tell that story they're doing are you can tell this story with your cat had a cat. Are you cutting my hair? Is that why we have the Clippers and he was there. Yeah, and we'd been out on the back porch playing some music and The cat was Pascal. I was like I got its name. I think you cut my hair that night and I asked for you to you said I can cut it. I said he me trim it up because we were making because Jimmy look like a Q-tip his head that blonde hair sticking out. We kept calling him Q-tip. He's like who's cut my hair. So I gave Seth haircut and then I gave Jimmy a haircut you gave me a buzz cut you had to really know was really haircut. It was like just to show my shaking is not what I asked for. You said. Oh I can cut here and then you just got you sent a strip Landing Strip, right? Maybe I did want to shave the middle of your head. That's what youth pastors do. Yeah, that's not what pastors do though. I've learned this over in 20 years. So that's the most vital lesson. You learned in 20 years. This nobody's ever gonna call me for advice about Go full shave but I can remember us talking about shaving the cat's tail. And I went inside and came out and half the tail was shaved. I don't know. She's talking about half. The tail was shaved whose idea was it? I don't really know. I think we were talking about it. Yeah, I don't remember it being any one person's idea really if it was my idea. That's pretty irresponsible to leave the Clippers with you guys if it was my idea because I had great influence on you guys. So but that's not the point story not trying. We hash it, but I can remember coming back out and instead of Shaving. The tail from the end back toward the body you guys had shaved from the body half up to the end of the tail and it had like this wad of hair on the end of its tail a little poop and lines to so I took the I took the Clippers and finished it out and I can remember us sitting there going. It looks like a possums tail. And so we y'all left or or something or y'all we were always in bed. We went home. We had your church that next I had I went to bed got up the next day and I'll never forget my wife coming to church the next day. I was already at church and she came in and she was so upset and so afraid because all the hair she said something was wrong with the cat because of its hair had fallen out just on its tail and I think what happened right? There is you were standing there. We were in the kitchen and you looked at her it's the way you looked at her and she realized that. That couldn't happen. She she realized in that moment that and I was going I had to take partial blame for it, but they're your clippers and and I'll never forget how mad she was at me that day. She was mad at all of us. I don't think she talked to me for a week. I don't believe she talked. Yeah, every every conversation we had at for next 24 hours was probably me apologizing before I could even ask you a question because I didn't really realize the it wasn't that she loved the cat so much. It was just like I had disrespected her family by what by allowing it to happen or something. And is that cat some sort of totem for your family, but the cat live forever. Yeah, the can't lift. You know, she ended up running over that cat. One day you were you don't have the best track record for Animals. What and we nursed the cat back and he lived another five or six years Bryson, I guess was about nine years old when Pascal finally got ran over. And broke her heart, you know, he's just like a big orange big giant. He was huge too and always stayed outside. Me and Brady were going to church one morning. He was out in the he had been ran over and we picked him up and we took him back home and that Sunday afternoon. We had a funeral for the cat. I don't know if I ever told you the story, but we go in the backyard and the kids took a like a river slick and made a parodius name. I'm on it and the date and everything. And so I dug a hole and we boxed him up and put him in the and Bryson is of course is my second son, and he Bryson's is own person. He's not like any of the other kids just personality-wise. He's more of a Hancock. Then he is a v my kids just kind of like easygoing. Well we get done with this funeral. We had legit funeral about talking about Pascal how funny was is nice having him as a pet and all he's doing the kids are crying and everything Bryson's really upset and he said Bryson, he said Dad could I do something I said? Yeah. And I'm not I'm not exaggerating Seth. I promise he put his little hand up to his mouth. Like he was had a bugle in it and he played Taps through his hand the whole thing out in our yard like our cat was a war hero Saving Private Pascal. It was crazy. But but yeah that cat's a good story you just you You didn't you didn't have that cat was resilient man. He it was hard to it was hard to make it in your family. Yeah, it's still hot. It was always right in the survival of the fittest man. I mean, I've got four kids, you know Brady's 21 Bryson's 15, Bevin just turned 12. And Baylor is 9:00. He'll be 10 April 5th. So that's crazy. Yeah, they're growing up. The growing up me and Whitney Whitney just gets better looking all the time. I'm I guess we'll be sending her the link to this too. Oh, yeah. She's she just sent me a text on just a few minutes ago and Told me not to embarrass everybody. What are some talk about she should be used to that by now. She's awesome and she's got you know, you know, I believe that God kind of gets people together and Suits them together and Whitney suited for me because I'm We wouldn't be here. Yeah, it's been it's been a pleasure to know you guys and be a part of your family for years and we do have the exact same have the experiences that we've had. They your self is around. I still had my space you'd be in my fave 5 Seth was around my house so much it when Brady was a little kid. Seth would try to tell Brady what to do and says Brady would look at Seth and say says you ain't my dad. So shooting one down one time. He kicked me where I don't like to be kick. Ya all over that too. Yeah, it was as he said that you keep me around says she ain't my dad. Yeah, it's Brady's gonna be tough unreal 21 years old everyone that killed. I'm you remember when Bryson was born. I've got pictures of you at Kids Camp asleep. On a couch in a room because Bryson needed a nap and he said here I'll take a look one day. You took one tell you like that's not right. I'll go give him an app. That's not no. No. I got him. I got him. I'm good with kids mean nap this kid, that's before you had a beard before the beard days had to been like how you're wearing a clean been like 10 or 12 years ago Alain Worship in that little cabin down there at the lake at Mountain Lake Ranch when you tried to cross that wire across the pond and fell in Algae filled Pond man. I'm surprised we were known for our pranks as well. Once I got a little older. I think I was out of the youth group at the time at the time, but I'll still play music for the kids camps and The kids decided they were going to play a prank on us at that can't they? Just try to what do they do? They put our clothes in the freezer froze. They put my tennis shoes in a big pan of water and your tennis shoes and they froze our tennis shoes and then they put our swimming wet swim trunks inside Gatorade bottles and pork fill them full of water. They were solid ice. I remember the furniture and it was was pretty good thing. We taught them that trick though. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. We we just went too far. We always went too far. So I think our rebuttal was we went to the The damn store. Yeah, man, Douglas damn. We got a cheeseburger and then we bought catfish bait. Yeah stink blood baby. Yes, it smelled so bad and these it was all girls to these units had the cabins that are staying in had wall heaters with events. They blow straight up like in a hotel room and we decided that we would put that stink bait over the vents and turn the heat on in the middle of July. I'm sure 98 Degrees and left the heat on in their cabins all day with that stink bait sitting over the vent and it was and then we took it was regular remember we took their toothbrushes and we put it in the stink bait bag. We put all the their toothbrushes. So until that part of the story why we put them head down into the bait bag. We got in trouble we had also Same day. We caught a hundred June bugs and let them go in that room and you feel their sleeping bags full of Kool-Aid powder. Did we really do that? Yes, we were mean because we're up being pranked a lot as kids. I think we have gotten mine for vengeance because the next morning Chris Chesser set us both down and told us how disappointed she was that us. I've never been I've never felt smaller than the day that Frankie's Mama put me in my place. We were adults. Yeah. We were adults. We were quite olds and felt like adults and she explained to me that day that sometimes you don't want to have that effect on a kid where they remember that instead of remember the ministry trying to do for them and we but we bought them new toothbrush. Yeah, we cleaned our stuff out. We got all the junebugs. We paid our Penance we didn't get that stink out of that room though. It's probably still in that room. So in case you're ever wondering about pranking the two of us, it's a pretty dangerous undertaking. Really mellowed out. Let's take it being pranked at my age. It's like oh man, so my thought of me, we're friends. Yeah. Mom always said they make fun of you there weren't there. They want to be your friend. They must really like me. That's all so we could go on all day was the ministry of industry is how we met and we became we became friends with Because we're alike in a lot of ways we creative and handy and don't mind getting filthy if you're going especially if you're going to have fun go ahead and get get dirty doing it. I always loved that about Seth but he's also a he also is Really good at making connections with people and that's probably why he's on this podcast right now is because he is very well connected person and it's nothing new it for so you guys get really impressed with Seth Thomas ability to make friends and stuff. He was born with it. It's not a it's not something that he's had to work at so don't be too impressed. He's ever so he's always been a he's always been like well and easy going and get it from my mama. Yeah. Yeah, Social Butterflies. Mama has had a great effect on him and his father comes from a great family. So yeah, you've been enough about me get that out of here. Ali us hoping we'd quit talking about you. So you've been you had the bridge go on for 13 years. Now, you guys just finished the new building. We did we started we've been in we were in three temporary locations and at their third temporary location, we bought nine acres just on the East end of town and paid that land off in 28 27 or 28 months. That's awesome. Yeah, it was his real Endeavor. I'm talking about a church of a hundred seventy people, you know at that point in time. We were so transient, right? You know, I'm not saying people are fickle but it's kind of like it's hard to without a home and but it trained us to be the church instead of go to church. That's what we've learned and that's still Who We Are So we built that we build a brand new building right there on that land and it's been we've been in it for 18 months. And it's within six months. Our church is full and it's also we've baptized it right at 70 people in our little town last year this yesterday. I don't know when this podcast goes out. But yesterday was Sunday Friday. Yeah, and I baptized our 27th person this year yesterday morning. That's awesome. I'll just believe that you know, God is doing And I'm honored to be part of it. I'm a terrible administrator. I'm I'm really all the things that you think pastors are supposed to be I'm I try to I work at stuff like the have to really try and stuff like that but knowing people normal people not like I know that I'm not called to reach church folks, right? I mean I walk I'm the guy that walks into the hospital up to the nurses desk and says, hey I'm here to see Miss Jones or whoever. You okay? Are you their son or nephew Tom their pastor and they're like really? Yeah. I really am their Pastor. I mean I have to pull out and I had to pull out a business card over it will mot one time and show them my here's my name and here's the Boost business card for my church. I'm actually am because they were in intensive care. They wouldn't let go back unless your clergy and the lady made me show my business card and not I mean, I'm not that's don't I shave my head. I don't dress you don't overdo. This is who this is who I am this way. I'm on Sunday to that. Yeah, I'm not I'm not trying to be and I think that's why people have always been drawn to just that organic and I'm really am this is not a fake country accent. I'm putting on this is it this is every week all the time. I don't have a yeah, I've come to terms with mine as well. It's just good though, man. You really working on your long? I don't think you don't be put a g at the end of your words. I have started doing that 15 years ago. And City, I've learned to finish the word. Yeah, there you go. I like putting about five together. That makes me out. That's the Ouija digit. That's pretty common. That's awesome, man. And I think that's one reason you and I were always so drawn as friends is up that organic nature of just like this is it this is who you get this is who we are we're not going to put on a show for you if you don't If we don't if we don't get to get we don't Vibe whatever, you know what I mean, then that's okay. You're not flush we go our separate ways. We don't have to fight about it. We don't have to not angry know if anything was thankful and it's, you know, not to bring politics into this but that's something we see everyday right now at people just they're divided over the conversations that don't they're not going in the end. Knock the very end right now this that's gonna matter. No, it's not gonna matter. It's all it's all opinions and matters of money and who gets the last word we get caught up on which millionaire. We let run our lives. Come on now. It's all it's all fickle in the end. But it the struggle that I have is you can only have conversation if you're willing to hear what the other person's saying and I think in this climate so many of us have have lost the ability to hear what the other person is saying and really absorb it you can absorb what someone saying without agreeing with their opinion. You take what they're saying and you discern what you think is true essence of really loving people right? I mean in my call is not to lead churches. It's the love people and if I don't if you don't man, Jesus met me where I was and so I think that's what we have to do even in even in politics. I think that man It can I don't? Let me say this. I think a lot of people are passionate about the wrong stuff. I totally agree. That's the is the in this the essence. That it's that's the thing that sometimes. I don't want to get too preachy on here. I know you I don't know. I'm not trying to Running by out. But sometimes I stopped that's the tools the enemy uses against the church and against Believers is to divide us on stuff. That really is. So temporary. Yeah, all this stuff. Do you you struggle with and not specifically your church but the evangelicals in general do you struggle with there? Propensity to pick a side based on whatever their parameters are in politics to say, you know, this is my guy because I think he's ordained by God or you know, whatever it maybe not just speaking about politics in general. Do you think if people would focus more on just loving each other and having like open carrying conversation that it would leave a better impression on those that they influence whether their church or not churched and I know that's been something that's really a Hot Topic here lately that the Evangelical crowd has tended to skew a certain way politically and it's almost become more prevalent to their religion than the actual love and grace and mercy that is the basis of their religion. It's an identity that they've attached to. Do you think that's good or bad for the church as a whole to attach that identity to politics? I think that Unity. It's where your is the heart of where you're getting because it could be politics today and it could be something else to the version of the Bible. You think everybody ought to read? It could be the style of music that you think church is ought to do or if which that's already the case. That's why there's a church on every corner and the South. Yeah. There's a there's a ton of strong opinions. I think that does it does it have an effect is what your question was does it? How does it affect I think that the whole idea It kind of I'm not saying it's laughable. That's not what I'm saying. But the whole idea it doesn't even interest me, right because I know that every person who thinks that their candidate is the one No, there's no such thing as a politician that's going to save us right angry. Nobody nobody's. This is not a new thing. I think we're just more informed than we were 50 years ago. Yeah, what's the the flow of information is so much more rampant and easily accessible tiniest almost to a fault, but that's just that's the world. We live in we just information. We never get the whole story. That's what me and my father had this me and Dad were talking about two weeks ago and we were talking about it was something that had happened. We were talking about these candidates making these statements and dad watch the news and you know, it's ten o'clock. He's calling me and he's like, hey, did you hear what so-and-so setting? I might know because I mean I I love to listen to talk radio. I love to listen to talk radio, but I found in my heart it it makes me sad because news the news that sells is always bad and as a pastor I get enough bad news, you're talking to the most lied to person on the planet, you know many pastors listen to this podcast. They're going agree that we are besides judges. Yeah, if cops writing cops. Yeah, so I think that whenever it whenever you ask me does it have what do I think about it or is it effect I think that It would have an effect whether or not the Evangelical Community made a big deal. I think. Don't take this any way a certain way, but I think right now they just got an opportunity to do it right where they've not had an opportunity in a prior Administration made meant now, they've got an opportunity to do it because they're all that political party. They're all for this guy or for that cause or whatever and I'm not I hate politics. I think it's interesting, but I don't I don't like the way that it divides. The church. I think that the church is a whole has a mindset that's wrong. Because in the end it's real real plane in the New Testament that this world ain't my home. Anyway, we're not citizens right here. I'm citizens of a heaven. Well, I'm a citizen of a Heavenly Kingdom that Has one king and he's alive all those things. So if I operate here from that perspective changes everything I can let I can allow somebody not to agree with me. Politically and I'm still love them right, you know in a real way and I think not in a show way because I'm supposed to but in a real way really care about them right now calls and I think that was the gist of what I was asking. I didn't mean to skew that towards the Evangelical side, but would you rather would you rather see religion and politics stay in their Lanes on either side of the aisle? There are some things there issues that affect both obviously and there Some things that we're politics should probably keep out of those things. I think I can answer it boils down to what you just said is it I can care for people and I can love people regardless of if they agree with me or not. I think you can have I think you can have Christianity. Without politics, but I'm not sure you can have politics or anything else. in its right place without Christianity You know just a moral basis as a Christian of how you talk about from the my perspective as a follower of Christ. I I can't separate my political stand from my life in Christ. He's not happy. He's not a piece of the pie. He's the whole pie. So that's that's kind of my and if we look at it that way then mean you can agree on every single point. I know people that I can agree with them every single point, but you start talking about politics and you don't agree on that. I know people who it breaks their Fellowship because with me I mean, you know, I think you'd agree. I'm pretty easygoing guy. I'm not here trying to make making enemies. I don't if you don't agree with me. I'm not a sleepover here by being upset with me yet. You know, that's not because I don't love them because I'm trying to make peace. You know, that's my from one personality traits. Yeah, there's Peacemaker. So sometimes being a peacemaker is just not being affected. It's it's smiling and saying okay, we can disagree if you'll let me still love you, you know, if you want me to be mad. You're not that's not what you getting. That's all that's crazy. I think that's what the church needs to I take that real seriously because I not just cause that's how I feel but I believe that's the right thing for the church to do and I'm not I don't think it's soft. I don't think it's soft for the church to I'm not saying be quiet. Some issues. I think they're issues that we need to stand up on we need to have a backbone about but we need to be careful that they're not opinions. Right that and that they're not cultural right that they're really scriptural knock some basis issues of what we really believe and and then the people who are in that situation that you don't agree with if you are hate that sin so so much. And then you hate that person then you I mean you broke the the one of The Commandments that Jesus boiled everything down to was love the Lord your God with all your heart all your soul all your mind all your strength and your neighbor as yourself. He bought every law down to those two commands. So I want to honor God with my life and Jesus said okay how you do that? Love your neighbor. Just like you love yourself. I'm do that. If my neighbor agrees with me. He don't have the point. He doesn't have the same sign in his yard. You believe that you believe somebody my neighborhood wouldn't agree with me. I can't believe we're neighbors. Yeah, and I think that's that's what bothers me about it is when those types of conversations Capture more of our attention than the like you said like loving each other. Yeah, and there's so much hate and vitriol spewed from every side of the coin. What's virtual just kidding I'm laying that's got so bored. I love your new vocabulary and awesome tons of reading dictionaries even reading the dictionary now, it's just it breaks my heart to see because In general every one of us are trying to find some path in this life some meaning in this life whether you find that in religion or whether you find that in work or whether you find that whatever we're at, whatever you turn to in your life. And it's all just it seems all just be. Disrupted by this lack of understanding and lack of being able to have a conversation and learn from each other, you know, most of the time I look at those conversations. I'll look at it. Can I find factual evidence to prove or disprove what you're telling me if I can't if there is no factual evidence to say this is true or not true than I'm not even going to have the discussion about it because it can't be solved right? You know, it's right quantum physics like the quantum physicists spent all their time figuring out what questions to ask. They don't solve anything. They just figure out how to ask new two different questions. You know what me and you Both grew up in the church, and I could be wrong in quantum physics. There's a physicist you want to come on the podcast. Let me know. You have claimed you're up here. Yeah, me and you grew up in the church. That was all about what we're against. Yeah, that's where I grew up. That's what I learned. Is that as a As a Christian you don't do this you don't do this. You don't do this. I had a long list of don'ts that's what Christianity was summed up as but I started reading the Bible for myself at 17 years old and I found out that Jesus is all about what were for not about what we're against he talked about he talked about Sin all the time but man when he talked about people he went to he went to Simon's house he invited he ate with tax collectors he met the woman at the well right where she was it wasn't like and these people made the Bible they made the book when the when the lady who was who was the town prostitute came to anoint his feet with all We don't know her name but Jesus said her story will be told until the end of time. He made a point. He made a point. To tell us that the people who mattered. to him We're not like him, right? So that's where I think the church has been I think your generation man. The reason I think that the generation of young adults, I won't call you what I think you are. But the generation of young adults that are awesome and so smart and inquisitive and they want something to matter. Don't let the church don't let the be disenfranchised by the church. I believe the reason why you said I believe there's churches popping up. The reason why is because I believe God wants to reach People who are looking for something else right that want to know not what the church is against right? Right, man. They bang that they banging that drum of you know, we're against all these things when I don't believe that's what the Bible is about believe the Bible is about Jesus has for you. Yeah, he wants to raise us up and rescue us. I mean, it's a picture of Grace just that you mentioned. It's this picture of Grace. That's not There is no limit to it and I think that's I hope that it's something that we've you didn't want me coming here in pre-charge. No, it's okay. I hope that's something that you and I have had the opportunity to exemplify not always in our lives. Obviously, we've had our stumbling blocks, but and I think that's why we see things similarly and while we've become such good friends over the years is because we've always had that same inclination to just love people. Yes, no matter what no matter where And that turned on each of us to there were times when I needed to know that you loved me and cared about me and and her times. Listen there were times I was and you don't even know this but there are times when ever I was going through the rejections of people who I thought would would always be there and I turn around and you're there, you know that made a difference that made a difference. He didn't know. You were doing you're just you're just being there years. Like I'll stay I'll stay I'll never forget the first Sunday at the bridge. I'll tell the story this kind of this is kind of explains - s our journey changed when the church got planted because I had you know, I plan on taking a couple months off. I wasn't planning on doing it the way it happened, but God opened every single door made every single way. I never made a I've never made a phone call for a place for The Bridge Church to meet never looked for a place. It's always been hey won't you all come up here, you know, there was music sound equipment that My call me said hey, I heard you needed a bunch of sound equipment, you know, and I was we went up to Ed Frost and that bus and got all that stuff. I mean when it comes down to it that first Sunday, we learned a lesson because I said this on their don't open the door to the room where the guns and ammunition are. Yeah, there's an Armory back here and if we bang on that wall the alarm to go off. So don't we initially met in a National Guard Armory and there was one door where they kept evidently very important things and If you just like Jarred the door too much. Yeah, it would like DEFCON 5 the alarms would start going off and make sure they had nuclear missile launch codes. So we learned one lesson that they don't ever touch that door. You can't even turn the music up too loud the base would like gravel the walls and set the alarm off but I made a statement that day. I said if there's anybody sitting sitting here, I think there's 25 adults and their kids if there's anybody see here that has a that I've asked you to come here today like because there were rumors being said that I had gone behind people's back to plant a church and and and I said if there's anybody here because it was being recorded that could that would say that hey I called you and asked you to come here today I just want you to raise your hand I want it to be on record that I didn't ask anybody to come and do this and I turned around everybody started laughing and I turned around and Seth was standing back there with his hand raised and and I didn't I didn't ask I just you met last one up I don't think I did I should probably should have because you may have to hate if I do this you don't have a choice you don't have to ask me I was in that was awesome man we set up and tore we set up and tore down everybody that stuff every single week for what 10 months straight yeah we met in the city park whenever they'd have have the guard with me it was Thank you sang Love Song for a savior in the city park in the sun. It was like 95 and there were like 50 people sitting there. I'll never forget that and I'm like man, he's got a lot of a lot of praise and worship songs that I'd probably take back at this point you like that what's up who wrote the song about the woman that played the tambourine? She played a tan Brewery what you're talking about? I think we need to write a theme song for your podcast to I thought about that coming up and we don't want to just use the Sanford and Son theme song but I don't know if you can buy the rights to that yeah but it's been a Jazzy Jeff and The Fresh Prince did a song that had that we could just cut it out though I ever know anybody ever find that you think I could write my own jingle but I think we just ended up using a stock jingle from the website time man took a we're figuring this thing out it's been fun today so another thing that Bobby Joe and I share is our love of cars old cars talk about that tanker and let's talk about that it's impressive your dad shot I thought we'd talk about Bob listen to this podcast because his shop is the most impressive thing I've ever seen in my life it's kind of yeah I aspire to have a shop like this it would you got to have a one-man operation right yeah that's it's hard when you have a few people in a shop to every tool to make it back where it's supposed to go got left out you left it out right and no one to blame yes nobody to blame yeah so Bobby Joe's dad Bob Hancock awesome dude impressive he's a builder he's a Craftsman Craftsman of cars I guess that's where you picked it up from probably similarly similarly to my experience growing up where it was just always around I've always been we were busy with other things in life baseball and stuff like that but yeah I played yeah I played a ton of baseball grown up but but we always had a something around that our dads were working on working on something all the time we didn't have a separate garage and house so we just had the basement garage and so our house wreaked of Bondo exhaust fumes and exhausting Williams most of the time to the point that I don't even recognize the how strong those things smell now I've just completely burned out all Silly Billy Joe he blessed you with that yeah ability to so it's yeah we grew up in that same kind of atmosphere where we had two ads that were just mechanically inclined and and spent their their free time with your dad turned it into a joke job yeah he dad was a heavy equipment like diesel mechanic for 20 about 24 years he worked in the coal mines and he'd leave out on Monday morning come back on Friday night he'd be gone but my upbringing then he then he got some jobs you got a job and not so I think Dad worked for 13 or 14 different places all around Knoxville growing up and you know if he made a fifty cents more an hour over here he Load that helped him load that service truck and he go back to the same job. He was on the day before just in a different truck, you know, but but yeah, we always had always had street rods and we go to car I grew up in the car show scene. I do not remember not knowing how to clean up a car like really know how to really clean one up. You know, I just I still do detail work at my house for people. That I've got all the tools to do that with and and then just an art form to that even getting one shined up man. It's not know about t-shirt or it's probably a strong word for all you artists list. It is don't know how to do it. It's more of just elbow grease you have to really you could have less hail of if you don't have a gun. It's not just takes time to learn anybody can do it, but I think that you know having having a having a dad who was he so dad never does anything twice it's always well thought out and planned and when it's done it's just what he wanted just to walk he wanted dad's they had you know four years now so ever since I graduated from college and started working and as a draftsman you know he quit he quit that came home and started his shop at home and that's been 25 years now he's been at home building cars for people all over the country you know going he works it's kind of like part time he's a consultant he does some R&D work for powermaster starters and alternators and the owner of the company and my father were very good friends so Dad travels all over the country goes to go to the same every year ago does the Oakland Roadster Show Goes Pomona in the car builders Dream well you used to be like something you really look forward to and now it's just like it's a job you know he goes and he's the longer you're in that business the harder you are to impress that's what I found out about that it's like I've seen that in the knowledge to do - they had those cars that seemeth five years yeah that's really cool soon what's next but Dad's got an opportunity. This has been his dream not brag on him a little bit. He's building a 31 Vicki right now, which is in itself is a very cool car, but dad's got an opportunity right now that that car might might be in the rodders journal this year, which they put that magazine out four times a year and it's the most read street rod publication in the world. Fantastic. It's like a piece of people put it on. Coffee table and leave it out. You know, I mean, they're they're $20 an issue or something. Like I don't know but he that's been for my father he the day he told me that I thought he's going to cry because it's like this is a dream that's like a dream to have a car that I'm building with in this little shop, but behind the house you grew up in to be have a photo shoot to go in that magazine. Dave's headed that's a lot of cars I mean that from a little garage and Kodak Co worldwide Publications that built cars for Floyd Garrett for years you know I mean some really rare Chevrolet stuff mid 60 Chevrolet stuff that end up going to Barrett-Jackson sailing for just stupid money you know and that's kind of how dad got in that Circle of you know his reputation so meticulous so careful and he's so creative he you might not understand what he's talking about when he's trying to describe it but when you see it you're going to go dang that's cool you know that looks so much better than what how you described it right no so he he really does think about that stuff and he cares yeah he's out here trying to make a dollar he want he cares about what goes out of hit from his hands out to the people that's awesome and that's what you have to do I mean that's what as a Craftsman I mean you got a job I don't have the I've got a call I don't ever want anything to come back to the shop that's right so whenever whenever it leaves if you're not proud of it right they're not going to your customer might not even know what they're looking at right most people don't understand the processes it takes to make something look like that to turn a key and it starts yeah they don't I mean goes to a hundred processes and that thinking about it two seconds and hit your blinker what was happening in that car and it instantaneously comes on and works and Goes off by itself. They don't understand all the relays and switches and the clock Springs inside a steering. They don't understand all that's going on and they don't we don't want them to you know, as people our services are valuable if everybody knows how that's right everybody. Everybody makes fun of a redneck till their car breaks down, right? Exactly. Yeah. We're here with with these Hobbies, you know for for About 10 years all I did all I worked on a built was old Volkswagens and motors and buses and I really love split-window buses. I really love type three wagons. I built a pan off restoration of a 66 Beetle because it was such a good car to start with anybody listen to such a car person and you think about doing a restoration or building you a nice car to drive around? Here's the secret. You have to start with a good vehicle. Oh, yeah. It that that dudes car sitting in that barn out there. That's it's a convertible but everything's gone. Yeah, it's all rusted. Yeah, that's something who sells the parts. Yeah, we're talking about man-hours. You can't imagine. Well, this just happened with a friend of mine. He bought an old scout Tara. and are you told me he was interested in it and I said well let me look at it I had a scout at one point let me take a look I know where the problem areas are I can tell you if it's worth buying it was a really good deal and he's like well I already bought it I'm like all right I'll go with you to pick it up and I'll look it over and if you know it's not what the guy advertised online then right we'll see if we can get back out of it he's like well I already paid for it it's at my house just come over he's like I'm going to get and he brought it to my shop and man it was rough sorry Alex I'm gonna dog you a little bit about it but wasn't that bad it was awful like most panels weren't touching each other anymore the floor wasn't attached to the rocker and he's a pretty sizable fella and it became at any man that he could been he could have been driving that thing like Fred Flintstone I've been there I've learned my lesson and so my father-in-law stuck his feet through the floorboard of a Type 3 wagon I had one time and he he's afraid I wouldn't stop and he you know on the side like put his feet down he just pushed rightly the carpet just push the carpet so we went I've had to do this for for mutual friend or for numerous friends over the years and just last week he found another one I told him I said you have to take into consideration the man hours to just get the body back in enough shape that you could even put it on a chassis and drive it safely yeah if you don't like even though you got a really good deal on the vehicle you know the man hours are really your most your highest expense and so why not just spend you know a few more thousand dollars get a decent body on one the were you don't have to do all that extra work and then we can just focus on the things that actually matter which is drivetrain you know steering suspension all those things that actually make it pleasurable to drive this old car and so he picked me up last week we went out and looked at one and found a pretty good and good body on it the people that already done the grunt work done the Bodywork and I said man it's some few fixes Aesthetics and cosmetics and a little bit of suspension work and you got a good vehicle right here fine let the fun right yeah you can buy you can buy a $2,500 rust bucket and send up spending $20,000 on it or you can buy an $8,000 decent body car and spend $4,000 on and that's what kind of what I had to explain to him like even though you're spending more upfront we're saving a ton of time ton of effort you can drive the thing right now and we don't have to do anything to it both the seats down they weren't bolted down so that gets a little little shaky but it's such a it's fun because I think we both have a have a love for the history of those things or those cars and and to see them come from the weeds and get back on the road and just like the the adrenaline and the pushing the gas pedal and one just taking off with you I've analyzed this part of my personality T over the last two or three years and here's what I've come to realize the reason why I'm already very busy anyway alright so why would you ever bring a vehicle into your space and you know now you now you can't park your your car inside why would you take up space and real estate in your home for a project and I've all you know I never started asking myself that question until until recently I just always I was 10 years old getting birthday presents and taking apart the next day to see how they worked you know what I'm saying I mean to disease out of it all back together I could have made the coolest handheld fan out of a remote control car motor that you ever seen yeah I'd make the fan blades I'd wired up to a 9 volt battery and my parents finally stopped by me remote control car because I had them deconstructed generally try and it was and you and you love that fan a lot more you love that car yeah like battery died on the car it was useless my grandmother bought me a stereo that had a record player and to tape decks on it whenever I was about 10 years old and it was like the house style where you had two big speakers and everything I thought was awesome I thought man it's a greatest birthday present I've ever received I can remember looking at it going I don't even deserve this thing you know like she's the best well I had a hard time understanding two things number one. How did the tape where was that sound coming from? What was it reading? Because this roster ribbon, right? Even further back on vices before you just Google it and watch a YouTube video this luck. World Book encyclopedias on the Shelf, you know, I'm outta here reading Law. Yeah how to records work cannot wear the grooves and they're microscopic. It's unbelievable. It still blows my mind still blows my mind. Anyway, long story short by the end of that. Next day, probably this probably started. I've always been a real early riser. Even when I was a kid, you know 6 a.m. On a Saturday morning. I'll had a screwdriver in there taking apart this branding stereo, you know, my mom gets up at noon and it's every piece of it is a part and I'll never forget her coming in and saying and telling me that about the beaten I was going to get if it didn't get put back together and work that's kind of motivation unique, right? So anyway, this is taking things apart trying to understand and them to fix them that's what kind of what I said on a couple years ago it wasn't necessarily about restoring something yeah because I like driving old stuff yeah I mean I still I love it I love to drive old cars old trucks right now is the first time in a long time but I've not had just an old pickup that was very very clean and very very low and just to dry I've so and there's one on the way probably I don't know so a couple years ago the reason why it's what I would say this is what the Lord told me but I think I just figured it out because when you deal with people the problems they have It's limited on what I can do. It's another the the my ability to help them is limited on my experience my education what I've seen they don't even have to take my advice don't have to listen. They might just feel good because they talk to the preacher. Whatever. Yeah. But a vehicle or anything mechanical it has to instantaneously respond. with people it takes time and time and time with that machine it's either fix real name first that's why I believe it's such an outlet for me is because that thing that's broken instantly responds to my care right of it right well it's a desire to want to see things heal people heal yeah that's your heart for people I mean it's just but you can't you can't do that no you don't have that power none of us have that power we can only hope the best and talk to them and listen point leader yeah and yeah and so it's if you lived in that state constantly it starts to seep into your own life yeah and I'll be back that you might never some other kind of release I mean they go hit golf balls I go fish and hunt and get away or they do whatever yeah you know some people Retreat and read books or or sit around and yeah everyone has that draw or paint yeah everyone has that that Escape Route that they like to go to when they get to those Those points of you know, maximum stress where it's just you have to edit it. I do love it. I do. I love to fix things. Well, it's just it's when you work on something you work through those processes and deductive reasoning sure with an end result goes back to what I was saying. If something doesn't have a factual answer then there's no point in us arguing about it. Yeah this we can't solve it. Yeah, then we're never going to get any way eat tacos or listen to something we can. Saul yeah I can solve that bag of tacos right yeah you are I've been working on the the lights on this old Chevy truck we've been restoring and it's like something work you get it working you diagnose and look how this is it I got it lots of working and you go back like all right flip another switch oh now those don't work you and I both we consider my my dad probably a Master Mechanic oh yeah even everything is so clean I aspire her to have that amount of knowledge at some point my life nothing that you're doing right now but the problems you're experiencing he still experiences all those problems oh yeah of course not because you're in occasion spends a way less amount of time he spends much less time trying to solve those problems what's it does something he'd already knows what happened right arrested he's like oh yeah experience oh let's do this you know so takes us a little longer to work through those processes man this has been fun maybe all we talked about we could go for hours started businesses I'm so happy yeah we haven't even got into any that we could do I mean we could we could really have a good time we got to get you back on here there's probably like I'll be like your dr. Phil come on you know just every now and then he she'd bring him in and they talk about something and for sure fatherhood being a dad yeah that's whatever you're welcome back anytime man there's plenty of stories to tell and fun plenty of wisdom I'm proud of you man be recorded for history people get over here this forever me telling you how proud I am of you I really am proud of you you've I know there's probably been seasons in our life you thought man Bobby Joe probably disappointed in me for sure I can honestly sit here and tell you I've never been disappointed you I appreciate I've always known that you been on a journey that has a dislike you said we go do it if there's no end in sight I believe that your life the reason why you are connected and can connect I relate is for a reason so that's what I've always been proud of you've made some of the dumbest decisions and if any person I've ever met there's the kicker all the people that's going to listen to this he's the most to have so many gifts I used to pray all the time that God would take the his gifts his musical gifts away if he didn't use them for God God just take those gifts and give maybe if he's not gonna use them for you yeah but the rock but here's the thing about it the people that every musician that you get to be around your around some super creative people there's nobody in this world I would rather them meet than you and you're gonna be able to speak a language to them and speak to that Community better than anybody I know just because you have you don't you're not trying to be better than anybody else you can tell me is the key to that would be I am great at procrastinating so I never turn down an opportunity to correct conversation you can be good at that I would you like to talk I'm really not want to go to work right now would you like to get into an hour-long conversation about this along the Deep depths of your soul man I really appreciate you coming up and hanging out with me it's always a pleasure to catch up I wish we still live close Together and could Tinker on cars? And do those things more often that we do but like you said, you know, we could go any period of time and pick right back up. Yeah where we left off. So it's been awesome. I love you man. I'm happy that your ministry is doing well. It's good and your church is doing well and hope you guys have enjoyed this episode. If you're in Rogersville couldn't leave Bobby Joe come to the bridge Sharon's manage every Sunday 10:30 contrary to popular belief there. Not a cult. No, I promise you. I promise you like it. I love it. I mean we say it all the time man. The bridge is for anybody. Yeah anybody but it might not be for everybody. Yeah, you know, so we might not like it. It's awkward. no skin no love lost us the slope people man yeah you got a lot of awesome people in that church check out our check out our we're live stream on YouTube you can just search The Bridge Church Rogersville on YouTube and watch sermons don't blame me for the quality I got sound guys that video and audio and everything they're not like this awesome place for sitting in right now Layton did he did he pay for this advertisement get the square out good luck Iris watch yeah thank you guys for tuning in we'll see you next week be sure to like subscribe share Market Street Media is page where you'll find tons of other podcast over Johnson City living is one that Layton host we've got a marketing podcast from Troubadour we got some Fitness podcast from what Brad Williams and those guys at Thunder Valley so be sure to go check all those out as well and support if he wants to get involved and help make this work through sponsorships just reach out to the Market Street Media website and we'll see you next time it's been fun