Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you What's up, can I introduce you? Oh my goodness. Okay, but then you have to introduce. I ain't no II realize that but I'm good with that. Okay, let's go. Hi guys. So I'm here to introduce my friend, Isabella. You may know her as so what is a glitter one glitter Lord. What how do you say it's little odd little I'd yeah, why is it so I It's you know, why because I don't know. Why did you come up with it? One of my friends Yasmin so, you know, here's what you don't so she had asked me for a new at name and I was just like aw, dude. Like this sucks. Like I can't even think of one for me. It's hard. Yeah, but I didn't want to have like my whole government name out there anymore. I just like dude. I need to change this. So I was like, okay, I'm gonna think one of one for the both of us and she's like, oh, And so one day I was I don't even know how I was sitting on my couch and I was like, I thought of hers and I was like, oh glitter goddess and I was like, okay. Well, what can mine be I want to keep it kind of in like the same realm and stay on thing and then I was like, oh glitter lat. I looked up good though the spelling of it. I had to make sure both of them were available. Oh my God, so it's just yeah. Wow, so that much work went into foreign at a high note. Okay, ssion the perseverance this is the kind of person you Stella is thank you. Yes, it's hermandad the determination the Aesthetics of it. They had to math. Yes. They did. I'm here for it. Thank you. I love it. I appreciate so that's glitter log. Yes using it or if you may have gotten coffee dates with her you maybe know her as Lola. So yeah, she's a woman that wears many hats. And not just with at names. She literally is so creative to she's a writer. She's so good at taking pictures. I don't know why she doesn't take them more often and she has an amazing blog that she logs in every now and then yes, and that's the beauty of her genius and she's doesn't give herself a timeline. She goes as she pleases and that's very admirable. Thank you. Q so what else can I say about Isabella? That she's excited to do this with you. Yeah, I need to do this with her to okay now introduce yourself for real. Okay, my name is Isabella and some of you don't know how to pronounce it. There you go. Finally the answers I was looking for yes, honestly on yeah, I believe and I believe it. So, you know, I do try to dip my toes into a little bit of everything. I don't call myself a photographer. I don't call myself, you know. I don't know and I know I'm creative but I don't consider myself an artist. I don't know. Is that weird? Why not? I don't know. It's just I know I'm creative but because it's difficult for me to I can't tell someone. Hey, my name is Isabella. I'm an artist type of thing. Yeah, and like that's just I can't like I don't know how to I don't know how to label myself because there's so many things that I try to do and I'm just like, oh, okay. Well, I'm just a fella. Yeah, I feel that little bit of it in terms of wrote once you Get me talking I'm talking and let's I'm excited to do this and you know share projects along with you guys. Not only the ones that bird and I are doing together, but the ones that were individually doing together and that's just a little book about me. So I know now I want to introduce the lovely bird the cooling bird. Yes. Do you want to know why? My name is queen bird. I know you're dying to know I am dying to know why your name is that because I wanted to have like manifest it without like being weird or I don't know like obnoxious in your face about it. Yeah, but I'm like I want to manifest that I'm going to be this fucking Queen. Well, you were already aware though even back then so that's why I chose Queen because I was like just regular bird was already taken obvious. I'm queen bird because I told myself I was going to be know that handle matches. You think it really does. So cool her government in the Selma. That's all they're getting. That's all they're getting is because I'm afraid to mess up her last name to be honest, dude. I still don't even know my love. My face is different every time. goodness, you know I look at your last name and it makes me nervous and everybody asked me and I'm just like Whatever you want to stay see what I'm not gonna I'm not gonna stop you it is whatever you said it is because I don't know you is that's funny. So obviously you just kind of got it inside of her she's his a great sense of humor in my opinion and I think a lot of people know her as if any person on Twitter, but we love her for that. She has a great sense of humor much like myself she tends to dip your toes in a lot of stuff and I mean, I'm talking about from doing websites to her most recent Ventures stylist a baker. She is a self-taught mostly of everything self-taught everything. Yeah, because I mean every time I talk to her it's like oh dude, I'm learning how to do this or do it. I'm I learned how to do this and it's like what when how and I think that's super cool because she's the one who takes the initiative all the time. She's someone that is always anxious and eager to try new things and she is a do-it-yourself person and I think that that's evident to anyone that meets her anyone that knows of her interacts with any of her social media and she's just a very loving person as well. Maybe she doesn't show that side of her often except when she's like loving on other girls pictures on Instagram, which is honestly very admirable because she Hypes everyone up and they deserve it. And I love them because you know, she's you know, she if you built a selfie someone's gonna be all over that but I think that's great. She's not you know, she's willing to love other women and encourage other women and that's another thing that describes her and I want her to describe, you know, introduce herself now sobered is your turn you hide me up so much. Oh my god. Well, no, it's the truth. I don't know. I don't know what else to say. A I'm a mom. Oh my gosh. Yes, the biggest of all I'm a mom. I'm on the can do it all pretty much though. Oh my gosh, and we forgot skincare. Is she doubled in skin care? What the heck? How did don't let me forget that? Okay. So yeah, she has a lot to say about herself. No, I think you said it all if you post a selfie I'm gonna like it. I'm gonna wipe you up because you deserve it. Um, I think it's Especially like on social media. It's like hard. It's a hard place for women to be. Oh for sure. You're always getting you're getting opinions left and right whether you're asking for them or not. Yes, and it whether it's verbal you're not is with the things that you see and the pictures that are most like it's so toxic. It's so sad. It's so scary. So that's why when I go on there, I like want to help everybody. Yeah the my cuz I'm just like you're so fucking beautiful like you're a fucking Queen. Anyways about me I'm a feminist clearly. I'm clearly a feminist I care about women. But yeah, I don't know what else to say about myself except that I'm consumed with motherhood and I'm consumed with learning because now I see this little person that just learns all day and I'm just like the same what he observed information. So do I like I need to keep learning to yeah, no, but him for me for so that's why I'm the way that I am and I did my toes and everything. But yeah, so that concludes me so we met wait wait wait way back, but it was our friendship has been weird because there was a period of my time where I try to come out here for middle school, and I couldn't I couldn't we were trying to move out here, but Of my mom's health. We it just didn't work out for us to live in Arizona. So we stayed in California. And so I was only here for like a month. I want to say and I met a lot of people in that middle school and you know bird happens to be one of those people. So that's how I met her and that's how that friendship started. Shout out to Cordova Middle School. Yeah, but where did the cobras? Yeah, then I came back my freshman year of high school and then we started interacting. Right, but it was like not that frequent or not that off. Yeah, it wasn't that often but it was always great to run into her and see her and catch up to her. And then suddenly we were adults dude. This is crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. I never even thought about that. Yeah the timeliness like I mean we were kids we were kids. I wasn't even a team. Yeah and then all of a sudden I'm married. Yeah, that's so wild life. God let me go back to that. It really does. So that's uh kind of help, you know, our friends have posted. I think it hasn't been until recently that we got a lot closer and it's been fun. We we're and you'll come to notice we're different like we have very different opinions, but they're not the kind that Clash where we get in each other's way or we have arguments. It's just like we hope you each other see different point of views and accept one another and it's cool because Her opinions are like in a way that I've never even thought of it and it's just like okay cool. Now I see what she means by it and maybe yeah you sway my mind like that sometimes too or I'm just like damn it wasn't what I thought and I think that's it's really cool. And I think we all need friendships like that opposites do attract. It's true. And yeah, and I love this friendship and I love her. Yeah. I love words been growing. Yes and Keep on a project together. I feel like could either make or break friendships. Definitely and we this is like the best thing I've ever done for a friendship. Like this is like such a quick way to get vulnerable with each other and get to really know each other definitely and I love that. I agree. I love it too and it's specially because obviously, you know, we've been prepping for this we've been trying to get together and write I'll get all this together so we can put this out there. Which means we both we both have been committed and have both have made it this far as yeah, we're here first episode for season. Yay. But um, so the podcast do you want to kind of give them an a you know, a little brief intro to what it will be want to talk about what they'll be hearing from us. Okay. So with this podcast it's going to be about finding yourself about loving yourself about accepting yourself, I guess. And then the different Journeys we go through life. Yeah, you know everything starts with love and loving yourself. So and we're girls and yeah, so it's the love the law. So we just want to talk about things that really happen in life things that are really true speak on things that we want to highlight and if just be open about our conversations that right. That's what we want. That's what we want this to be. Yeah, and the Same way that like me and you got close by being vulnerable. I hope that we can get close to other people or we can talk about something that people don't want to talk about. Yes, I agree and maybe our vulnerability will be able to open up the doors to have those conversations. So if anything like I hope people can gain that friend, of course, you can't do anything with that intention and if we definitely have a lot of intention when it comes to this podcast yet, we want to share ourselves and allow others to share themselves with To sometimes it's gonna be nice light hearted funny stuff. Sometimes it's gonna be some of those heavier issues. Right? But we look forward to them all equally because it's life and we need those conversations. So that's the goal with with the podcast and that's why we're starting it. So we just want to say that we're very excited and thank you if you're tuning into this first episode of yeah, I hope we didn't turn you off. Yeah. Yeah, I hope yeah, you're like that crazy feminist bird. Um, yeah, we hope that you do enjoy it, you know every episode that's to come after this and I don't know I guess this is kind of the way that I want to wrap it up. I don't know if you want me to include anything else. No, okay soccer not a talker, but she's gonna because she's on about a cast. Why did I think this is? Oh, thanks guys, and we hope that we can help or not help. Wow. That was weird. We hope that we can help and we hope that maybe you guys can help us like maybe there's going to be things that we're going to want input from or maybe think. We can't heal from and we don't know why and maybe somebody out there knows how much definitely yes. I mean, hey, this is a two-way street y'all hmm. We want to keep in touch. Yeah, we do and we definitely want to you know, Sarah share some new voices along the way to yeah, Sona. Yeah, you never know. So once again, thanks guys and have a good rest of your day. Okay first thing in the morning,