Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit with us for a spell.Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class recently a web class and we had so so much good feedback fromClass and so many comments and responses that we thought we would keep talking about this and we teach a whole unit of Shadow work in our holistic witchery class. So it's something that we love to dive into and we can't wait to talk about it. So listening. Welcome back Anna. Oh, thanks for having me Sarah like this is so lame because I'm always here and everybody knows I'm here that already said hi to you today. I know that several times anyway, anyway, so Anna is Shadow work one of the things that we did not teach for a long time. Like we do teach we're all actually everything we teach is essentially Like personal development Shadow work right for witches or like for people who are bored of boring personal development for people who enjoy a delight and enchantment it Sparkle Stars Sparkle Stars, right? You don't have to be waving the White Flag as if you listen back to an earlier podcast of the Season you will understand that but we use the word Loosely. Yeah. I mean we advise which is Not everybody here does and we think that coming at change in your own life from a slant of witchery though. It empowers you in a way that just like everyday personal development does not so, you know, we'd love to spread our magic around the world and one of the things that we have been saying for a while and that we say in our own lives this idea of being a shadow worker instead of a light worker. So there are so many People that identify as lightworkers and there's like oracle cards for lightworkers. There's tarot cards. There's books all the stuff about the light and Anna and I are over here like be a shadow worker like when we, you know, first thought of situation chanted and stuff. We were like, where are we on the Spectrum? There are like light workers that are this and we were like, yeah, I know but we're not fit in anywhere. Okay, we create our own mold. Yes. Yeah, and you know I think being a light worker to is obviously amazingly helpful for the universe because people need more light and love I think what Anna and I love the idea about exploring the Shadow and being a shadow worker though is that I think that there are many people who try to Band-Aid problems right with light based Solutions, right the law of attraction. For example, and we teach a lot of law of attraction sort of things. And so it's not to say we don't do those same practices Law of Attraction. But we also teach the like, what position do you to be this way? We talked about like your money story. If you don't do the shadow work first write the light work is not going to help you write like point-blank bottom line. If you don't do the shadow work first, you can light work your way, too. No are just getting you will get somewhere, right you will be better with light work as well. But for long-lasting like life truly life-changing impact, right? You must do the shadow other dredge up that yeah, like it's a great if every day you can give yourself a pep talk and leave with gratitude and compassion and if you can do that, you're miles ahead of like lots of fat people. But like unless you get to like the nitty-gritty or like we talked about like in astrology and getting to like your plutonium-based. Snap and like really just digging things up from underneath their like what like you have definitely taken steps to be the best person you can be but you are still holding onto things. That'll hold you back. Yeah, and I don't think that like we teach this with pretty much everything whether it's working with the moon manifesting working with your chakra energy centers creating a spell manifesting. Like whatever doing Taro in trying to listen to your intuition and becoming more of an intuitive being if we don't have a foundation of why we're doing what we're doing and keep asking that question. Well, why do I want this? Why do I want this what and keep asking why because often will say, you know, I want to lose 40 pounds. I need to make ten thousand dollars. We have these things and we're like, well, why do I want to lose 40 pounds and then we say because I'm going to feel better. Well, why do you need to feel better? We don't ask the next question renounce a wide wide you need to feel better. What part of It doesn't feel well and then you're like, oh, well, I don't like my clothes fit. Well, you know, why don't you just buy new clothes then like, you know, so is there another thing and you're like well and then then you start to get to the shadow step keep asking why and why and why and why and why and then we get to this list but your inner child you're entitled continue to ask yourself. Why kids I tell you guys too much, but I could be like that and just keep asking questions. Ins and then that is how all the light work that we do is going to have staying power right? Because we've done the shadow work. So and I are like what you'll probably always have Shadow work to work on like you obviously can't like just make it go away and Sarah and I were talking about this earlier that like you're doing the work even a lot of times when you don't realize you're doing the work and that's what's important because a lot of us. Do you hold onto these Notions of like blaming other people? bomb or the like I could have done this if this didn't happen, but instead of following that line of Like that, but lining like we always talk about that. Okay like that I could have done this but or I'm sorry, but and trying to walk yourself out of that and before you finish that statement say something else like that is like a huge work and try to work like I could have done this but being liked. Yes. Yes, I can do that. Yeah, and I will fix it next time and not letting yourself fall into the Trap of blame and then feeling guilty that you blame somebody like that in itself is very Shadow working but also very light worker e at the same time too because you are turning it into into the positive and you're changing your mind the light work that I think truly works. Is that combined with Shadow work which is where we find that balance where we need balance of energy. Because when you're asking yourself in a moment, when you just exploded at your kid, for example, right exploded at the cashier at the grocery store, and maybe it was not an explosion where the moment it's annoying but you know, you could have gone on with yourself and not exploded. Right and then in that moment when you say to yourself that was not appropriate. I'm actually very frustrated from these other things that happened today, right and then taking the moment to say to the person it's it wasn't your fault. I'm sorry. I did that. That was not your fault, right I unnecessarily. Loaded at you that is doing Shadow work because you're acknowledging what you did and then you're also though during light work because you're apologizing you're owning your stance. And then maybe you're saying to yourself. I might I'm clearing the energy of this. I'm pushing some of the ground and so we're doing the shadow work with the light work right often. I find that people come to this idea of light work without doing that shadow part, right and they just are like trying to say, you know, I love me life. I don't know. I feel like my life. I'm ready for it. Filthy right had to write the rich you're never doing that part where you're like, you know what self I am. I apologize to myself for spending $20,000 on clothes that didn't need like we never do that part. We just try the other part. And so the people that are doing Shadow work all the time without even really realizing they're doing it. They are often also like working with it, which is where balance and change comes out. Yeah. It's taking it's taking action in your own life taking Possibility for for everything and yeah, a lot of times other people do impact our lives but it's always important to evaluate your part in it and take responsibility for your part in it. Even if it's a small part or whatever but to not dwell on the other person's but to just dwell on what you could have done better or what you didn't do or you know always because you can't take responsibility for other people. You can only take it for yourself that has been I feel like That I have always tried to take responsibility for myself, but I always have done that with this underlying resentment towards other people where I was like, well, I'm in charge of my own life. I'm a Powerhouse. I'm going to get this done the holding resentment like well this person is unhealthy mean this person helped me and now I'm resentful towards them and it's been a real big shift of me in the past. I would say like 12 to 18 months where I've been like, well, you know, it's almost it's like my I'm allowing those people to not be helpful. Alors I've continued to engage in those relationships even though they weren't helpful and and really seeing that and it's helped shift them because now I speak for myself in the situations and I'll say, you know, I know that I allow this for Allison, but it's not going to keep happening. You know what I said, but and it's not going to be happening. Hi. So yeah you were often doing and and so that and I'm like that's light for myself, you know, and I mean powering that person so but today we're going to say Three witchy ways to do Shadow work that we've talked about shuttle work the concept to concept and we're totally going to host our shadow work right webinar a few more times this year. I think so keep your eyes peeled for that when it comes out and the meantime, make sure you're keeping your eyes open for expedition to Seoul right? You're free class and we have a whole Shadow work lesson in particular units a five-week unit elastic with chorizo. It's good stuff and like and we're about to Circle back to that pretty soon in the next. Yep. It's called Summer shadow. And everything we teach essentially has a shadow work element to it. Even if we don't highlight it. Okay, this is gonna work and I love that. It's someone's like that because usually people do Shadow work and like when you're already probably having some seasonal, you know, I personally don't love Shadow work in the dark months because I think that I'm already down and out enough in the dark models, like personally I need you know Thrive and no I do not drive it. Be like, so what's my subconscious hiding for me that is going to be that would be terrible for everybody. Yeah, that would not be good, especially in your office with like your oh, yeah. No, this is like canceling like blind and an in the dark and it's cold. Yeah that he'll just not a recipe for Success. Now, these are all for all parties involved. So I love summer of Shadow because it gives us the opportunity to do Shadow work I think in a healthful way. Yeah anybody. Her environment without feeling down on ourselves that light again and then in the winter months we actually do like right now we're wrapping up our Moon Unit and we do that during this darker time because that's the Moon is your intuition and it's bringing awareness awareness. Exactly. And this is a really quiet for us in the northern hemisphere. Anyway, which is where most of our students are probably do have some in Australia and which they would be a backwards. So I apologize to you because your Shadow work if you're in a holistic witchery happens in your window, Which I think is so warmer than our weekend and then you have it you can always reapply it and take it on your own time. And that's something anyway, that's why we do it the way that we do at there's a method to our Madness always. Yeah, but so three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So the first one and this is a this is an off-putting one it ready to be off put first. Yeah, I was off but when you wrote it down, I know look in a mirror dun dun dun. Alright, so the idea behind this is is well one like how many of us just love to look ourselves in the mirror. Now some people do some people every time they walk by a mirror there like making Snapchat faces if you like you're talking about me, but at the same time, I'm like a conundrum because I like also very hard on myself. I love bananas on her phone doing this like one specific Snapchat videos she does and I'm like freaking Snapchatting get off your Snapchat, but it's funny because I actually don't like think like if you know me, like I don't actually like I think that about yourself right now. It seems like you can see anyway the point in looking in a mirror. There's a couple things you can do with this one. Just look at yourself. Like just look and see what that does for your energy. Are you feeling like you need to run away immediately do you start to shift and think like, you know what this isn't so bad. Do you feel like you want to crawl in a hole? Like how is this feeling because the feeling that comes up for you that's going to tell a lot about How you're feeling about yourself, right that brings some things up. We can also look in a mirror mirror is represent water and emotion and we can look in a mirror and kind of talk to ourselves say a truth. We haven't said out loud say something that's been on our chests in our ability and how easy or difficult it is for us to do that also tells a lot about our subconscious in our Shadow Self, right? So if you're able to walk up to your mirror and be like Anna I'm you are so beautiful. Beautiful and I love you so much and you do these three things so well, and I'm so glad that I get to be Anna like a wheeze hate me when you asked me for you. Thanks, but I'm good now the Blank Stare and it gives me as always like I'm like, okay, let's move on. But so if you're able to do that very easily, you know, then that's amazing and we can we can see that's actually goes in and if that's Really challenging for you. That's where we start asking those why questions why can't I say this like this? Why is this happening? And even the things that you do say you could ask yourself? Well, why do they say that? Where is that coming from? Is it because everybody around me tells me that what do I actually think so looking in the mirror? It is a great opportunity for shadow work. Mmm, and I was like, I'm not doing that. So the the next what I have on the list is to spend some time doing nothing but literally no music no phone. No TV, no book side timer for like 20 minutes. And just be and I think that that is a great opportunity for doing some witchy like Shadow work because it's very hard for people to just be like this would be torture for me that mirror exercise to sit with yourself. Yeah, I could probably do the mirror exercise. This one would be torture for me and it's myself see it. So that's so interesting about us, but the board meets this witchy and magical is that over this time start to the thoughts that you're having start to feel them feel your energy. So the cool exercise to do is use your Hands, like when you were kids you rub your hands together and you'd start to feel that energy between your hands you can do that but start to feel the energy around your body. So like how does that feel? Is it feel expansive? Does it feel restrictive? How are you feeling inside? How was your breath right now are your thoughts racing? Are you like waiting for the timer to end is it feel like it's going on forever going by too fast and really thinking about your energy during that moment. That's a great invitation to some Shadow work because you can start to ask yourself. Why am I feeling this way? Say why is this like this for me? Why am I experiencing it in this way? And that's it and then working with your energy in that matter. It's a great way to insert some witchery in there as well. And I was like, huh? I'll just like an airplane. Yes. He really close. Yeah, our helicopter. I bet you guys can hear it. Weird or was it a truck? I don't know what that was. We're being are under siege. I'm just kidding. All right, so our last idea for doing some Shadow work three witchy ways to do Shadow work and this is what we just talked about in our mood class actually as part of holistic which race it's our unit on the moon on in our holistic witchery class is creating a moon circle or spiral could be a spiral or a circle and the idea here is that we walk under a full moon or a new moon. I love the idea of doing it in a new moon because that's when we're It's dark and that's our subconscious and Stark and all the shadowy stuff. So every new moon walking in the circle either outside or in your house, if you have to whatever works for you or spiral and kind of just walking and bean and asking your higher self to deliver, whatever message you need at that time and then being open again to whatever thoughts pop up feelings emotions energetic feelings, but all of these are magical witchy ways to start doing some Shadow work and they're Ali Just invitations to hear that voice inside your head and see what it says. Yes, my voice tells you got to sit alone always tells me not still. Oh, I feel like Anna I can't do that. If you text me like it's been 20 minutes already. That's how many seconds in I like love nothing more than to sit like On my couch by my big window in the morning and likes it with something warm and have it be super quiet and just like sit there for a minute and be like alone with myself where I sit over here and I'll like journal and drink something and they said do nothing but like sometimes I do that and I just like all the quiet now, I can't be I'm always making a to-do list planning homeschool writing for the sisters and chanted creating a class. I am making a grocery list and me. Plan packing list reorganizing from Pain reading a book listening to a podcast on three times the speed. Yeah. I listen to things on the I had so much Shadow work to do. Perfect. I am not we all have lots of Shadow work to like we said like Sarah couldn't sit with yourself, but if you told me to go into a mirror and say three good things about myself, I'd probably be like you were really A good cook and that's why you look this way, which is definitely Shadow working because I make really actually healthy food for the most part, but I would like talk myself out of that know I could do it here exercise. I would say something I said my headed back thoughts. So scary people are like fair. I wish I could just be in your head for one day only. I know I'm probably as close to living in Sarah's head as anybody can be and with what I think I need some times some breaks. I don't know whether like I should laugh or cry or you can't tell this is a cry timer lat. Oops, it should be crying time and like it's laughing hysterical time and sometimes should be laude time it like it's some reason it's like started to cry. I know I know I'm not ready no pins. There are three witchy ways for you to try some Shadow work because we're all doing it. All the cool kids are doing it doing all the time always read. Again, always always forever and oh man. All right. That's a funny one. Thank you Anna. Thanks Sarah. Thank you so much for joining us for this episode of The Magic on the inside podcast. We love chatting Shadow work and we love teaching it in our classes to so be sure to join us an expedition to soul and hold the stick witchery if you are called to do so called to do so and if you love this podcast share it with a friend give us a review on Apple podcasts sharing is caring follow along for all new episodes and until next time. I hope that you have an enchanted day ahead.