Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy.And even dating some of the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the spiritually conscious and curious people and connecting more fully with their own intuition aligning with the most authentic selves and creating a life that they are divinely purpose for Angelica's modern and practical approach to spirituality attracts clientele from all walks of life, including professional athletes celebrities and impact driven CEOs. She brings levity humor and a down-to-earth vibe. The healing process and serves as a resource and guide for anyone seeking to make sense of their own Spiritual Awakening. She speaks potently about the spiritual dynamics that affect us in very human and logical ways and day-to-day life this episode. We talk in depth about the sister wound and how spiritually and energetically we can heal the competitive aspect of female relationships, please welcome Angelica to the show. Hello and welcome to another episode of spiritual shit. Thank you Angelica so much for being on the show. Thank you so much for having me. I'm so excited to have this conversation with you and to really share with your audience. What I think is just such an important foundational understanding of this aspect of our spiritual selves. I think it's going to be awesome. What today we're talking about the sister wound and we're going to get into some deep diving about the issues that women have with each other about the divine feminine about I had not even really hurt. Of the sister wound until you had mentioned it and then I started looking it up and I was like, oh shit. I absolutely know exactly what this is It's just something that we haven't necessarily opened up for the collective quite yet, but feminine or female competition the ideas that women are catty or there's an intense competition or judgment or criticism or even mean nature - around other women and the cultural Consciousness around Like just the competition that we have with each other and so it's okay. She's got a dog. So first question I wanted to ask you is first for our audience breakdown and its full entirety. What is this sister wound? And where does it come from? Sure. So first, I just wanted to say for your patience. I have a dog named Rune and he's very spiritual and he's a little intuitive boy. So he knows like if we get in the weeds with things he feels the energy. So thanks for your patience with that. So the sister wound is an emotional psychological or spiritual wound that results from what are considered the shadow aspects of the divine feminine. And so first I guess to kind of get to the root of that definition we have to have a better. Understanding a foundational knowledge of what do we associate with as the characteristics of the divine feminine? And so when when when we're referencing what is this divine feminine energy what personally I tend to associate with that is like the very creative abundant energy its inclusive and nurturing and communal. It's empathic and feeling and emotional, right? So those are all of the aspects of the divine feminine. Then when when fully expressed and in balance is how that Divine energy that divine feminine energy shows up now. I want to get a little bit I want to just say that divine feminine energy is not exclusive to those who identify as female or as women, right? So we know that we are all some balance of divine feminine and divine masculine or some balance. Of feminine and masculine energies in general. And so this wounding pattern is not exclusive to those who identify as female or as women, so I wanted to kind of say that caveat but alright, so here's where we get in the the weeds and this is the part that really really lights me up as I started learning more about this and then really a lot of this information is channeled. I really started to get a broader context of a kind of where did this come from? And so let's talk a little bit about the historical roots. And the reality is like women used to be in close-knit community with one another right there would be a village or a community and the women were kind of the Pacemakers for the community and we were celebrated for the Divine embodiment of all of those attributes that I had mentioned earlier. So that is that intuition that connectedness that that ability to create. To take a you know, an animal and make a meal. Right? So those are all are even in like cultures hundreds of years ago. They would send the women out to intuitively sense the land and know where there was water or where there was going to be enough food to sustain the community and to sustain the village. And so those properties of the divine feminine. We're not only just like tolerated, but they were celebrated and they were absolutely They are 50% there were carrying their weight so to speak in these communities. And so that's kind of like how things used to be and then Along Comes the patriarchy and everything kind of went to hell in a handbasket. Right? So the all the sudden the men the hunters the Warriors of the villages kind of decided Willow, you know, we don't we don't really necessarily just need to stay to ourselves. Like maybe we could like conquer another and we could have our space plus another space or we could control or we could civilize so all of these attributes of almost like that shadow masculine coming in and well those things are indirect juxtaposition to all of those divine feminine attributes. Yeah a woman and her balance is not going to allow a man to go out and kill and Conquer for the sport of it or just because It feels like that's something that we want to do because it's this particular day of the week or or any of those things. And so they were in clear conflict about the fact that we want to expand. We want to conquer we want to control we want to civilize and also we're not going to be able to do those things. With women in their Divine element. It's just not going to happen. And so every effort was made to erase that divine feminine Essence and and the ways that we saw that were, you know, the the birth of patriarchal religion. So religions that rely upon a father figure upon a hierarchical structure so that we could keep women in their place. So to speak so that we could make you own. Okay only if you follow these protocols only if you fall in line, we see, you know, it's burning. Yeah, and anyone who's practicing their magic or their their feminine creative abundant and quite frankly just magical Essence. Well that's got to go. So, you know, you see the burning of women at the stake and then like even even in the simpler things where women become property or are objects. So you see that through the process of marriage through the offering of dowries through objectification and prostitution of women. So all of these ways kind of come about in order to well, what does that divine feminine Essence and then kind of the final Lynch pin of all of this is Well, we know how to kind of break them down individually. Now, what we need to do is turn them against each other and so a concerted societal effort was put on women was put was raged against women to put them at odds with one another and so the easiest way to do that was to play on those Shadow aspects on those those opposite ends of her divine feminine, essence. In order to pit them against one another and so that's kind of how we got here. So, what would those aspects be like what are ways that we are or in the past have been divided against each other? Yeah, so I like to I like to kind of the way I kind of conceptualize it is you have the divine feminine on one side. You have the shadow feminine on another side and then in the middle you kind of see the wounding that occurs what I call like the sister wounding that occurs. So I'll kind of give you an example if the divine feminine Essence is naturally creative and abundant then the shadow of that is a lack mentality. Polity is a scarcity mentality, right? And so what what is bread of those two things is competition. Yeah, so if we know that we're naturally creative and abundant than there is no competition because you can have yours and I can have mine and there's no need to compete or to belittle or anything like that because there's enough for everybody when we're in that shadow feminine were coming from a place of lack a place of scarcity forgetting that our true Essence. I just Goosebumps forgetting that our true Essence is creativity is abundance is multiplication. And so and so the wounding again that comes from that is is that competition and you see that play out. I mean, there's just innumerable number of yeah, I mean like there's an implicit like you just scroll on social media and you find a reason why you're criticizing that girl's ass or which her message is or oh she didn't do it like this or if you know It's always that idea in the back of your head that there is oh she's trying who she think she is. You know, like there's that natural. It's almost natural, right? It's a little bit ingrained in those of us who are in the leader later communities later culture story time. Okay that I've never heard you say or so I like I haven't heard anybody say the shadow feminine. Yeah. It's and so typically what's what's heard is that when women are not embracing? They're divine feminine. They go into their masculine and which yes makes sense because you go into a type of patriarchal structure in order to be able to feel like you have a seat at the table. It's where the competition aspect was bred in the first place because not only did we have to compete with other women. We had to compete with men to get our spot back or whatever but interestingly enough. I haven't heard the shadow feminine aspect which actually identify with better because cuz there's a lot of times that we're not necessarily trying to get into our masculine where those attributes are to do and be efficient and this and that it is the scarcity mindset or the allowance or feeling that we there is not enough and so we have something that operates that's not in a do manifestation but it is in a silent judge or criticism or you know, we make up these stories or narratives in our mind about how someone might be perceiving that's its were Frenemies come from the fact that the Even a term is to me stupid. Like why would you be friends with someone you don't even like like I can't even I can't even I can't even but this idea of rivalry between us and feeling like we will compete for a job for like even just like say women in this space, you know those of us who were in we're doing a podcast today or whatever and it's like, you know people could be looking at you or me or saying like they think they're doing you know what I mean? Like, it's just this kind of natural aspect to our culture. I would say. Oh Wouldn't say it's ingrained in us but like it's a part of our societal culture that says there isn't enough out there for women anyway, because we live in a patriarchal structure. So we feel like we're bread crumbing in a way. So if there's another woman at the table, we feel like she's taking my spot instead of saying like coal up a chair. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. And I love that observation that like the shadow feminine is not moving into your masculine. It's literally Abandonment of your feminine Essence and it is it is though. It's the polar opposite. So even adding to that it's like when I think of like the divine feminine, you know, she's inclusive and nurturing. Well, the opposite of that is not necessarily going into the masculine. It's like Exclusion and separatism, right? So it's like one is not the other they are really truly poles of one another and the wounding that comes out of that like you mentioned is Judgment. Like if we're if we're separate than one another and we're excluding people then it's easy to make judgments because you are not me and I am not you. Yeah, and and then like and then also you said and I just want to touch on this because I want to kind of have like a bit of a understanding about This polarity. So the divine feminine is also she's empathic and she's emotional and I know you talked a lot about em past and like just that that energetic in the shadow of that is being in meshed right being so empathic that you form enmeshment and attachment or even hurt because your feelings are not cared for and so the wounding pattern that comes out of that is like those hurt feelings in that cattiness. So they're very much. Much holes of one another they're very much very much interconnected. So yeah, I guess that's what you had said earlier the development of the patriarchal religions. And obviously this episode is not about like bashing men or anything like that. We're not going there at all. But in fact that the patriarchal structure does play a major role in the way that we see ourselves as women, so that that plays A Part I was thinking about Adam and Eve the story of Adam and Eve and how the woman was the one who took the fall and I remember when I was little my like I don't remember like Bible school or something like that telling us that this is why women were punished with the aspect of giving birth, you know the pain that they would experience in birth and periods and all that kind of stuff and look how bad this is. This is women's punishment for like clearly all women are cursed because they've all had to been in this task and I just thinking about it even now like we still kind of hold that idea that like periods are gross and disgusting and blood is nasty and you know childbirth and there's there's this there's this like there's no honor to it. You know, I mean, there's no like we've been get we are the miracle birth makers, you know what I mean? Like even in the way that we hold our own self-image in a Seidel structural way it's no wonder we look at another woman and feel that way. We've been taught to dispel the things about ourselves that are empathic nests are sensitiveness are emotionality all the things that are super gifts of the divine feminine. And if in that way we've turned against ourselves so woman another woman comes we already we already missed trust ourselves to another woman comes along. It's like bitch. I don't trust you either. So yeah, I find that. To be very interesting how it's imperative. We engrained in our system already has a structure. So we it's harder for us to be able to integrate with each other when our female friendships can be so incredibly powerful because we can sit in a circle and and like you said create Magic we can sit in a circle and have our little therapy session, you know, like those of us who have really amazing girlfriends who have maybe been through some incredible trauma haven't actually necessarily needed to go to therapy because That the the bonding that occurs the healing that occurs and true authentic female circles. I find that to be incredibly beautiful when we get a chance to recognize that so I have a question. How do you know like like if never hearing about the sister wounded people are just now understanding this and if this is something that's been so ingrained in our culture from such a long-standing period of Time, how do we even get in touch with healing the sister wound? Yeah, that's great. I also want to I want to like go back to one thing. You said about just like ministration in general just because I know we both kind of geek out on like this. Yeah Oracle room, but it like important in former societies. Like when women were in the menstruation process of going through these phases like we did so in community like it was like, okay, we're in community and supporting this woman through this phase and she might be in a different cycle or a different phase of her cycle. Everybody else. So like she got to do what she needed to do. If she needed to like be alone and other women needed to care for her children or you know, or someone else needed to kind of Step Up in a different way. It wasn't we weren't shaming each other for that. It was like litter really like a sick like go ahead and take care of you and I'll take care of what needs to be done. And now what do we do? We shove a tampon or a pad up our sleeves and like Scurry off to the bathroom and pray that no one sees us or knows that were like going through this so I just think that's like another really interesting thing has been a lot of movement lately around women embodying and owning that part of our I love that. I'm very very excited. This is something that's relatively new to me, but I think it will because you're think about like when we think of PMS right premium instruction syndrome There's an actual what they would call pathologize disorder. Around what happens when your body is going through these hormonal shifts. The only reason why we have these hormonal shifts monthly is to produce a baby. So the only reason like we have that and there is so much shame around that like, oh, she's PMSing or oh blah blah blah and and putting kind of a negative connotation on an actual syndrome around what affects your your bodily and physiological nature. Even you know, it's kind of in pop culture. You know men joking or whatever. Are you on your period the day that you have something to say? I want to express yourself about something. You're like if you had what felt like a small troll punching you in the area of your vagina. You would be pissed too. Okay, my feelings are still valid, but I might be a little bit more pissed because there's this tiny little thing going trying to you know exert things anyway, but yes the movement around that and bonding around female, you know. Fluids and things like that us getting to a place where we're starting to come together and not have to hide in shame around something. That's so natural. It's so absolutely natural. It's as natural as a man ejaculates acting like if not more natural because we don't have to do anything for that's happened to us. So in that way there shouldn't be a lot of Shame around that and we should be able to like you said when we used to live in community and bond around each other and be able to take care of each other's kids and stuff when we were going through that because it's quite painful those men you were listening. It is awful and the pain sense. However, it's if we started looking at it as an honorable thing. It's like okay, we're going through this because we provide life not by ourselves obviously, but like we do the brunt of the work the heavy lifting in that I wouldn't say burden. What's another better word for that? Like we do the heavy lifting in that process? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Yes. And we had a feeling this would be the case, but we could probably go on this for like a thousand years. But also you have to think about what's actually happening in your body during that time. Like your body was prepared to receive and create life and the signaling of your menstruation is that that's not happening in your body for the most part. Right? And so there's like a grief associated with it. There's the emotionality of the fact that you this process was intended to create life and this cycle it did not and so so when you add that layer on top of like the physical symptoms that are body experiences and the hormonal shifts and there's also like a deep resonant grief that so many of us just don't even like contend with but that's truly what's happening. Your body is mourning the loss or the lack of creation so to speak and so I just another thought about that. I never thought about that crazy because I'm not trying to have a baby but like in that sense of the way that we are ingrained on our DNA structure like that. You're a hundred percent, right? That's crazy. I've never thought about that. Yeah, so like no wonder we're like a little cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs for a few days. Like we're grieving the loss of a baby that never happened or a pregnancy that never came to fruition and I guess it is probably like for those of us who are not in a time in our life where we are wanting to have a kid. It's like we don't About it that way but I guess maybe for those of us that are wanting to get pregnant. It's not happening. They probably feel that a little bit more intense prayer a little like a more closely. So for sure but let's tie this back into the system. Anyway, I love those. Here we go. But the way that we would you say we start with being kind being empathetic to one another. Yeah. Our Cycles every month, right? But just even the magic like damn we need a whole episode for this thing because I was thinking think about the magic about when women are together and they spend what three or four days together host Cycles link up like that did that to me is you know, people want to talk about all the like, oh, you know the moon and this is that it's like bullshit or whatever and it's like our Cycles will also change around the Moon as well. Like we're not like what is an 880 70% water or something, but the fact that females can sit together. For a little while and their cycle the whole Cycles will move in hormones will move to come together and it's way nature is trying to bring us together. So like the perfect Saturday. Yeah, that is so beautiful. I love that. Yes. So if so, how do we heal this green? How do we come together? Yes. Yeah. So, okay. So I kind of have roughly outline like the three wounds the wounding patterns are competition. Judgment, and then like hurt feelings and cattiness, right? So those are kind of the three main components of the sister one. So how do we heal competition? This is going to sound cliche, but we're just going to go with it, which is like collaboration right and celebration and it's like, oh my god. Look what my sister created. I can create that to and just a deep gratitude for the fact that you're able to witness. Somebody else's creation and the fact that it's so close to you. Like birds of a feather energy. Yeah, like needs like and it's like the fact that it's close to you and you can witness it is such a gift that oh I can you can create I can create we can create together and in collaboration with one another and just really that celebration. So how do we heal the competition wound collaboration celebration and just letting it be a reminder that We're grateful to have the creative ability and if she can do it, so can I and so proud of her for being able to create that's that makes sense? Because I'm yeah, that's a wonderful one because I think even in the process of the when we feel that that aspect of scarcity mindset when we were in that place for a feeling like there's not enough us being able to go online and gas up another girl and being supportive being in. Action instead of competition and being support allows us even on an energetic level to put more abundance out into that space and give us more of what as part of our divine feminine aspect like we when we are in that mode of loving and giving that's it's part of our nature, right? Like it's part of our core we're giving and loving and nurturing to other women. It only comes back to us and makes us feel better about ourselves and make not to like not to be selfish but like you Supporting and uplifting and gassing up other people it only amplifies the other very feminine part of parts of yourself that give you more abundance internally as well energetically as well. That's so good. Absolutely. Yes. The next piece is Judgment. So how do we how do we heal this judgment piece? And I see it as again like being to fold but number one like compassion Hills judgment and when you You you know, we as women go to the same things to different extents and different scenarios. But all you have to do is start a podcast or have a couple conversations to understand that we really truly are in this thing together. And so when you can find it within yourself to have compassion for the fact that maybe she just hasn't gotten there yet, or maybe she's going to something that I'm not seeing or whatever the case may be it number one quelles your your Instinct perhaps maybe to judge but then also like can you show up with authenticity? Can you your show you yourself show up vulnerably because if you allow yourself to show up as your authentic self as your true self in invulnerability in humility then You you go a long way and inviting others to do the same and it's a lot in my opinion. It's a lot harder to judge somebody when you just feel from the heart of hearts that they are showing up as themselves when people strip their uniform strip their masks and truly show up as naked. We have no choice but to really love and embrace and to see the beauty in authenticity. Yeah. I like that the authenticity element. Is really really important because we often talk about the masks that men wear with you know, what we would call what people are saying toxic masculinity or the shadow masculine. Actually, that's a better phrase for for everyone. I think but because anyway, yes, the masks that women wear the mask of perfection the Mast of I have it all together or the mask of I'm better than you and kind of trying to to fly in a way to make us feel better about ourselves in that scarcity mindset and that so that that lack of authenticity. I think it's a big one for women when we get together and you know, maybe it's stored when they talk about relationships and stuff like that or maybe it's you know, the way that we dress or whatever because they always say women don't dress for other men. They just for other women and then that way like of like trying to impress another woman and the ways that We come come through. Oh, she's got new eyelashes or she's got a new nose or you know, like whatever that looks like. We're trying we're still trying to look or keep up with the other woman. Not necessarily any is yes for the attention of men but in assists gender kind of stereotype, but like with other women were trying to one-up essentially amongst each other. I felt this very strong here in Bali something. I'm dealing I was dealing with like really really deeply because as I've been here, they're some of the most beautiful woman I've ever seen on the walk the face of the Earth and I'm like is there is there an actual Photoshop operating in a real problem? I like how is it possible that this person looks like this is no way and feeling super threatened by it and by their appearance and only out of a scarcity mindset for myself of saying that I'm not enough or I'm not this or whatever and in the idea of competition with for men. There's not enough. Men out there who are this and there's not enough about and there's no gibbeh and whatever the narratives that were telling ourselves and feeling in competition with those other women who are so much more beautiful because that's where our importance has been placed on as a society, right? We're not competing with other women who are scientists and who are writers and other things who are incredibly smart and intelligent and doing other things and not we're not thinking like, oh she thinks she cute. You know what I mean? Like that's that idea typically come to my parents because of where we place our importance as a society right on what The outside the back to your comment about authenticity even even coming and cutting down another woman on judgment like who might look super perfect that has to be Photoshop or she must be starving herself or that's that's not her real nose, or that's not her real hair color or blah blah blah and us trying to decimate or lower like that. You know, she she doesn't deserve to have the praise that she has because I'm jealous and so and I'm good. I know that but That being the second one. Okay, so you have a third point you right? Yeah poke. That's just so that's you just got right to the heart of it. And the reality is like we only move out of that when we truly get into like self love and acceptance and I know again it sounds so cliche but it's the reality is like that is the anecdote to this right? It's like can you love yourself regardless and be whole in yourself regardless and at I don't I've experienced like we all have our moments of insecurity but I have definitely experienced the more I show up as authentically myself. I realized like doesn't matter what I look like or who I am. I mean, there's like how they said this is like ridiculous number like 200,000 podcast that were created just already in the beginning of 2020 or something crazy like that and then later than number but it's like but like somehow, you know, your people still manage to find you because like you show up and shine your Eight and so it's like they're there will never be another you and you just do us all like we do ourselves a big disservice. We do everybody a big disservice when we don't show up as ourselves, I think because it's for women. Yeah, a lot of ways were afraid to be seen. Right and that's changing. I really do believe that's changing. I believe, you know people like you and your audience and touching there's a lot of us. Yes, but there's a there's a, you know, a lot of us that are ready to shift some of this and be seen and show up as ourselves and say no I don't have all my shit together and you know, yeah, I'm a little messy and you know, yeah, and I think that's what makes us stronger and less likely to judge one another and more likely to Your support and love. So yeah, that's that and then we used one the third aspect is that hurt feeling and cattiness. So that's the wounding is like just really genuinely hurt feelings. And you know the bitch. Did you hear what she said about so-and-so and you know the gossip and the TMZ's of the world and all of that stuff friends - Bravo anything actually exactly Lord. God bless them and Andy Cohen, so the the healing aspect to that. like accountability and acknowledgement because the reality is it's a farce if you think you're going to get through this life and not hurt anybody's feelings or not have your feelings hurt but when you are When you have been in a situation to hurt somebody else that can you take accountability for that? You know, that doesn't mean salted. It doesn't mean fix it. It doesn't mean take away their feelings or make them not hurt but it just means I understand when I did X you might have received it as Y in it may have felt like Z and I you know, I take ownership of my part in that and and then the other really hard part is like acknowledgement when our feelings have been hurt. And bravery when our when we've been on the receptive and or something that feels hurtful recently. I had a situation with two of my closest friends and had to have a really difficult conversation about the way that I was feeling about something and how it hurt my feelings. And the reality is they didn't do anything to fix it. They just said I understand that's how you feel in. This is how we feel and then that's information to move forward right so it doesn't have to be caddy, but there is an element of Like accountability and acknowledgement that really help to heal that that part of the wounding. We've been told a lot that our emotions are too big and you know, and I think in a lot of ways the way that female conflict operates is out of passive aggression. And so that's where we get catty, but that's what cattiness is essentially what you think, you know, it's not actually like fighting which some My guy friends were like, yeah guys can just like punch each other and have a fighting over good, you know, like they're fine the next day because it's the day the energy right like active action, but for us because we are more in our feelings as they are. Typically the that's where the cattiness and acts. I think like we are motions are big and you know, we don't feel like there's a place or space for us to express our emotions also been taught that if not to hurt people's feelings that we have to be nice and women who are direct are bitches are bossy or you know, whatever. So there's a lot of The Masks tropes that operate that keep us from having healthy expression to what it is that we're feeling there is that need to feel like we have to fix something or there's a deep anxiety around feeling like we upset someone even if it's not our fault, I won't even say fault. It's not I'm not To take the ownership of if someone interpreted something incorrectly or different in your intention and is unwilling to hear that that wasn't your intention. I had a circumstance happen last year and I want to get too specific and it because she might listen to the show, but to be very honest it was it was the first situation I've had in a really long time. We've had an argument with another female my life and I'm someone who likes to keep the peace. But I'm also someone who's very direct as well and we had this circumstance that to me like just plainly didn't make any sense the issue at hand that she was coming to me about I couldn't calculate where she was having an issue. And so I was trying I mean I've gone through a lot of therapy and stuff like that. So I was doing all the stuff that you're supposed to do. Okay. What I'm hearing is you're feeling like this and this and this and like trying to tell her like I'm trying to see where you're coming from and she she gasps let me like a bunch and and then ultimately like got really overwhelmed and was like fine. We're done, you know, whatever. I don't like if you want to continue this friendship. We have to figure this out. Anyway, it just came into this part where we just you know, butting heads and I got super triggered by it. Like my I couldn't even eat for like the next 12 hours. My digestive system was all fucked up. I was feeling so shaken by it because I was like, what did I do? And it actually transported me back to my my one of my ex relationship with my ex-husband where I would get gasoline a bunch of about stuff like that and feeling like wow, like how did that turn where did that turn wrong so fast and feeling and feeling super like what did I do? How can I fix this wouldn't you know, whatever. So I talked to one of our mutual friends and I said, please tell me if I'm wrong. Wrong about this. Like I want to know if I'm wrong. I want to be able to fix the situation. I want to do XYZ or whatever and I'm sitting here running around driving myself crazy kind of figure out someone else's misinterpretation or whatever, you know, she was dealing with at the time and that she put on me outfitted me with and in an effort to be the nice person. Like I was carrying the burden of that that conflict or interaction and so in that that idea between women that cat anus or whatever I intuitively Sit down with my guides. And so what is going on here like did I miss something and it was revealed to me by intuition. And then later I found out is that she's threatened by me that there is this aspect to her that feels like either I'm doing better than she is wearing the same field or whatever who knows like there's this kind of secret competition going on that I was not aware of because I didn't feel that with her. I don't feel any competition with her. I didn't feel like threatened by her. In fact she was Someone that I taught how to do the things in my field or whatever. So I wasn't there was never a cross in my mind. That was like there wasn't enough for us because I've always been trying to be very inclusive. And so then to have that revealed to me and be like, ah now I completely see where she was coming from. I wouldn't say that it was correct, but I would say that like, okay. I understand now why she had that reaction. I can let her have a reaction. She can keep having her reaction, but I don't need to be involved in it. I don't need to This is nature of trying to like go back and forth and of super direct about everything that happened, but because we're supposed to go talk to me the nice person don't hurt anybody's feelings at it at that's to me. I believe that's where we the result of caddying this comes from. It's like we haven't gotten actually tell you about yourself and how we feel that you made us feel and how you hurt our feelings and whatever so I'm just gonna go over here and smile. And so I need to flip a table and you know, I mean and so we get into that aspect. So I didn't know that I didn't realize that that had been going on paper maybe for years. It's and and now coming up into this aspect. Whatever anyway, sorry, I'm sorry. So if holy makes things it makes sense. But like having to get into that place the problem, I think for what most women is that we feel we need to shoulder that burden of understanding. We need to shoulder that burden of my own hurt anybody's feelings were under this and it to me and in all aspects of every part of my life now, I holy and heartily believe that you need to be authentic and every case if something is bothering you speak up if someone said something Father you say now like if that's the case and that might render you the bitch, but it'll push people out of your life that don't need to be there and he'll and form abundance life relationships with people who do need to be there and go ahead. Sorry. It's something you saw the pregnant possible. It was I was also just thinking about like, you know, we kind of had talked before this podcast. I just about this idea of like Awakening and Ascension and like coming into this more. Virtual path and like finding ourselves and it's so interesting because I feel like this element right here directly relate leads into like one of what I feel is like the main kind of signs that you're going through some sort of Awakening or Ascension or spiritual growth process, which is like that isolation. Yeah, right and it's like there's this element of you do separate you separate even in situations like you just described where separate for understanding separate. To get to get clarity and what is yours to carry? And what is not yours to carry? So it's interesting as we're talking about like community and coming together and like rallying. I also want to add the caveat that part of your own elevation might also be separating from elements that has from relationships that embody more of these shadow aspects so that you can Ascend and call in, you know, a community a family Sisterhood. Good friendships and relationships that are more aligned with the divine feminine qualities which are you know, inclusive and creative and abundant and nurturing and all of those great things. So keep in mind that and want to stay in that shadow aspect exactly. Exactly. So keep in mind that like you might have this new understanding as a result of just, you know, hearing and experiencing this conversation today and also not everybody in your life is going to be able to meet you. At your with that new understanding right now, so you might need to be willing to step away from some of those relationships and know that what you are calling in is a community that is more in alignment with with how you desire to be in relationship with other women since then healing a lot of that competitive rivalry mean natured aspect to your female relationships. If you're in a group of women that you don't All supported by if you feel identity in that front of me aspect or if you're having to have interactions that don't feel authentic within your own being then you better believe you're taking some of that energetic toxicity with you when you go home and the way that you feel about yourself and the question will Karen sit. This is the what does she think that it up? But it causes it internalizes. The insecurities are amplifies the insecurities in yourself if you're female group isn't representative of how You like to feel it out because it's not it's not it's not a group of friends. It's a cage. So like I I see this happen actually a lot with some some I'm a little bit of a loner. So I have a lot of different groups of friends and different kind to raise your hands up high and so I observe observe very particularly when I look at some of the the female groups of friends, and I personally I feel very very And what I've been able to call in and the women that are in my life were truly there and truly supportive and have have seen the ones who don't fit anymore into the vibration. I'm trying to call in walk themselves out whether an explosive fight about nothing or they just distance themselves even have a family member who I don't talk to anymore who's just exited herself and you know, I no hard feelings and like if it doesn't align with your vibration then you know, I can't be mad but it does aspect I would say for you as well. You probably speak on this. A little bit but it does add an element to a compassion right? It's not like oh, she's not to my level anymore. You know, whatever you just have an understanding of okay, there's a difference like that weren't for in this moment. We're not in alignment with each other and she needs to experience her self and this way and I need experienced myself in this way, and we don't need to continue this relationship for the sake of niceties in order to then continue to foster a negative or caddy vibration with each other we can just walk away. Men do it all the time. Like I like that guy. So I'm not gonna hang out with them. Like, you know, we feel this obligation to society profits off of it. Right? Like I mean, like if you look at the housewives, I love watching it. But um it if it's fostered off of that the cattiness and the you know, the entertainment value of how women can be with each other and they talking about trying each other's backs and look at the judgmental look at her house. She lives in the hood and you know, whatever it is, and and I think the reason why it's so dicted to watch. Each is because we identify with the so well our cultural got house. Yes, so true and I love the part of what you said about like it doesn't it is about compassion and like letting those relationships Fall Away with compassion and the reality is like my mama always said this and it took me over 30 years to understand it, but people are in your life for a reason a season or a lifetime and so like those might be relationships that fall away and maybe they come back after everybody does their own growing takes a few more steps on their own path, and there's a reintegration. in the happens, or maybe they were there for a season so That's very very much true. And also you don't need to it doesn't need to be some like Big caddy, you don't need to express or inflict more wounding upon those relationships if they're not in alignment, you can simply choose differently. Yeah, and I believe that if we are also looking very introspective lie about our healing our shadow feminine. We're going to come less and less and less than contact with that sister wound overall. So yeah for you, what would you say like How can we how can we own that how can we get to a space where like not just heal it but how do we own that in our current friendships and our current communities? Where can we even spiritually? How can we do better? Like because even in this time you said something earlier about how patriarchy essentially was rising out of being able to divide us amongst each other. How do we better unify? Sure, so I would say like the integration of this is first taking stock of how are these wounds showing up for you. So understanding. I mean, like maybe you need to make a list of all of the female relationships in your life where you perceive or into it that there might be some element of this wounding present and so like really identifying it is important and just seeing it and knowing that it's there is the first step in as like an energy work. Maxine is so much. I'm going to take a quick. Caveat, but yeah, the energy right now is moving so fast and it's just things are just happening like inside insane rate. And so I see it even in my one on work with readings or energy work with clients. I see like even just bringing the topic of conversation or the like bringing whatever needs to be healed up to the surface to just examine it or even acknowledge it alone right now is enough to heal it because I truly believe like spirit is on. Mission to like help us heal our shit so we can like save the planet and save ourselves and like do better. And so I say that to say like even just identifying it you might find a lot of healing in just bringing it to the surface. So that was that would be the first thing that I would say, I would also say like can like is there an opportunity for you to resolve unfinished business? Is there an opportunity once you have that awareness around what wounding there? There is is there anything is it safe is it appropriate? Is it beneficial for you to maybe Circle back and have a conversation for you to do some healing around that for you to maybe Journal around that if it's not appropriate to do it in the context of like an exchange or a conversation or with that other person and yeah, and then ultimately like bringing an awareness to how do you move forward from some of this stuff? How do you more fully embody those divine feminine attributes? How do you is it your affirmation process? Is that your own spiritual connection? Is that your maybe you like take some of the like numbing Behavior behaviors out of your life so that you allow yourself to more fully feel what comes up for you. So there's a there's yeah, I would say like the next step is really just to once you've taken stock and you've healed what you could Figuring out how you can more fully embody those those attributes of the feminine that you want to carry with you. Is there a brother wound gosh, I don't know. I'm sure I could have a nice little chat with my guides and hop into the hop into the records and get some answers, but I'm sure there is it's so interesting because when I kind of started on this path personally, I was working exclusively with women like Olive. I like messaging was pretty exclusive to women I really see a lot of things through that lens but then Spirit was like sending me a whole bunch of male clients and I just like male clients but like professional athletes and like just like people who necessarily who might like embody what you would like experience as like the typical masculine identity and I'm like what the fuck is this about and so and they're like coming I get coming back and like ready to do some of this work to in new ways and so I'm really really embracing some of their feminine yes I think you're right I think you're ready for them in and work whether you're with females ahead yes and so it's like gosh I'm sure there's like a whole nother leg of this journey that is specific to the brother wound in the masculine I mean I can just what comes to mind top of mind is like you know you're outside playing with your brother whatever and you fall down and you scrape your knee and you start crying Your brother's like stop crying you sissy like yeah, don't you can let's go. Here we go. Keep moving like that. So that's a wounding. That's a repression. Yeah. So this depression is our functionality. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah about that actually previously. I was like, oh wow. Yeah, that's a hard one. And I mean from a female way, it's me. I think they're related though. They absolutely are related the way we're all wounded and a way that doesn't not allow us to I would say really come together and authentic Community anything that keeps us separate or tells us that we don't have space to be our authentic selves is usually a part of the deep wounding that we have with women in particular. I would even say though like I was watching RuPaul's Drag Race and like never watched the show before and I was like, this is very highly entertaining but I was I was watching it. I was seeing how in this way that these men who were you know dressing up as women they call each other women you know whatever we're very much acting as like the women in the Bravo TV you know with the drama and still associate this and get under your skin and there was a lot of emotions and a lot of crying and whatever and I thought you know see it's not specific to women but like men who are in their feminine will access that part of themselves to and experienced similar wounding because of that the shadow feminine aspect because we do have both and so it's not a gendered thing it's where you are at your core on an energetic level so seeing that play out I was like this is you know the way that at least like and where I grew up like the way that men would talk about women whose emotional and he was always fighting and Anna and I'm like that's because we feel our emotions bitch you know like if when you don't You and you numb your emotions constantly what your feelings don't get hurt because you don't have any so right in that sense like until you're 30 and then you're you know, calling up a Healer trying to figure out why you're feeling all these things. You never felt before but no judgment do work great, but I just thought like the reason I asked that question was because I very personally see that even within our communities within women and men the division there as well about like how women are doing. The work and then are doing the work and I'm guilty of that you have I'm sure on some podcast. I've been like guys but we're talking about the women today. I just think that they're integrated the way that we compete with each other is as a result of a patriarchal system and cultural system that we've been implemented into were born into and fuss than are interacting with what table we got. And we're trying to figure out how do we all sit there together? Yes, regardless, you're so right and you're right like we We carry both masculine and feminine energy. And therefore we are susceptible to the wounding that comes with both. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So what else would you like for women who are dealing with this? Because I know that there are some women that may even recently my beautiful lovely roommate that I met while she was that I've met while I was in Bali. She had expressed to me how you know, she'd really never really had a lot of female friendships before And then we had built this very large what we call the girl gang and a group of women were all kind of like hanging out and doing stuff together. But I used to also be one of those girls. I had a lot of guy friends can't you know tons and tons of guy friends but not a lot of girlfriends and for women who are feeling that or her in that space or even women who have a lot of girlfriends but feel like none of them are closed. What would you what like tools are tips? Would you give obviously besides the whole episode 2 then for being able to open themselves up and That vulnerability around the other women because of The Sisterhood that perhaps that they see other women have that they might want or perhaps feel scared of being judged in a situation like that or not being able to feel like themselves. What advice would you give them in order to foster a deep and powerful and magical Sisterhood within themselves or within their experience? Yes. Okay, it's interesting you ask this question because I personally find myself in like a moment in my life where I'm recalibrating to this exact same question. So it's a question I ask myself a lot and I'm not going to sit here and like profess to have the answer to like how to magically have a great group of like amazing like-minded women who are like totally supportive, you know, whatever but I think this is kind of where like a little bit more of like my Uncle Ben. we will enough already where I'll kind of go all the way off so making the term you a little back like who is good who was like who you know like we're like okay the go as well as you want to on this head I think I know the first thing is like knowing how you want to feel in these in this Sisterhood and these relationships how do you want to show up how do you want those around you to show up what does it look like and feel like for you to have these types of relationships and I mean like getting clear on of this on like a cellular level is Step number one I think this is where a lot of people get hung up and have just been on this this thing lately where it's like have to say no to anything that isn't that and that might be that might mean feeling lonely that might mean having fomo it might mean you know my I mean feeling like a social outcast because you're not going to the club and drinking with you know some random co-workers just for the sake of saying that you went to the office and do something with some girls or whatever and that's the really uncomfortable part I think that's where we get really sticky is like I'd rather be in this community or this type of group than in not at all and sometimes you need to be at none and in none at all so that you can recalibrate your vibration to call and what is actually supportive for you and then lastly is like it's always like intention and aligned attention and then like action right so when once you've gotten clear about what you want once you've maybe taken a step back from the friendships or relationships That aren't serving you anymore and are no longer that then it's like time to take some aligned to action and put yourself in situations where you think these people might be. So are you like a total book nerd and you want to go to book club are you you know into spiritual stuff and you need to like find a Meetup or a local community of people that are in this Awakening or spiritual Ascension process. Are you really really into flag football and you need to figure out Never mom also told you that football was you know for boys or whatever but you've always had this desire to like play football and now you need to go find a league of this is very random find the league of you know, women who play flag football, you know, like finding out who you are finding out what you want in community and then taking action to put yourself in those those intentional places. I think is really important. I think another one might be making sure that you're speaking your truth. yeah it's such an important one but I feel like the more direct I was the more that I spoke up for myself more authentic I was I started to gravitate not towards like women started to like a like a fly to a when it's like a moth to a flame they would start to show up and say me too I feel that way also or whatever and we were able to bond on that and if we weren't bonding over the mask then we weren't in those talks Asik circles if that makes sense when we Bond over the mask like what we can buy or the type of husband's we have or you know like things that girls found over huh like if we're bonding over the mask of what we feel like we should be doing or the person we think we should be and then thus linking arms with those who are aspirational to us but are not who we are then we find ourselves kind of always chasing And ideal of who we need to be or chasing a relationship. We think we need to have or chasing a perspective that might not be our own and then we always don't feel like we're enough and that's where the I think the tension breeds and the uncomfortableness and a girl group feels like we don't fit in we're not like this. Maybe they're talking about me. Maybe they're judging me, you know like that ideal when I was in sixth grade. I moved to another school and I was the only like one out of like seven black kids or something in most of my classes probably last probably the only like it. But anyway, there was this group of girls all like they would all wear Calvin Klein. They're all have out and I'm like, how are these like we're sixth-graders. Why is it by going brand designer, you know, whatever and the middle of Raytown, Missouri. Okay, but that was very important in the 90s, you know, he'll figure shows or whatever anyway, so I was watching this play out and these group of girls getting together all identifying by Clothes that they wore and the blond hair that they had and you know, they all did a certain sport together whatever that look like and I remember wanting so badly to be in that group of friends, you know, because I'd had a strong group of friends in my other school and like when I moved to the new school it was the first time I got to see like an identified group there and it was important for me to be a part of that group. And I remember that I was I would go and meet where they meet every in Ojai and try to introduce it's myself because I'm quite charismatic person. If you haven't figured it out by now Congeniality, so like going up and introducing myself and talking them or whatever and they were behind my back calling me a wannabe only is a wannabe and loads of that. So I found out from another group of friends that I had because being a loner that I am and that would like to know that they call you this and they say this about you and say this about your hair and they blah blah blah blah blah and you know, and I was like, you know, Like crushed because I was thinking like I thought these girls were my friends but I was trying to identify an aspirational aspect of the mass that they wore and in their own insecurities them saying that oh, you don't fit our masks so you don't belong and this gives us superiority so we can feel better about ourselves and our own insecurities and I didn't figure that obviously until later. But when I joined a sorority I did the same thing, but but it was different because we were older and it wasn't so stupid but there was this like me doing the same thing like like I'm mrs. Mayer. Hey my name is it all when they were like we love her. She's like she's so like Bubba blah anyway, so I got into this already but then recognize the masks once I was when that within it this aspirational aspect to if we're trying to get somewhere or be someone in the feminine like that's typically when we get in groups like that. That's typically where we start to fill our own insecurities of we're trying to say trying to be like someone but you don't seem right like you gonna concept of like when we live in a society that Prides itself off of especially for women telling us that we're not enough when we join groups that continue that Paradigm and template so we can try to feel like we're enough we will always be in competition with each other because we're still competing for something we don't feel that we have so it's it doesn't Foster good community anyway sorry that is so that was that was channeled that was so good that was amazing so I'm just going to give the listener and ourselves just a second to just really like take in what you just shared because that was really beautiful and very insightful so thank you yeah I don't really have many words you're exactly right I think you're exactly right it's I mean but it's it's Elemental to the way that our size societies kind of structured but the beautiful part is is what you said earlier is that look Society is moving at such a fast pace right now and the what's coming up and coming in for women today is this kind of start of this presence of us starting to unify ourselves And learn that when we get together shit happens like an authentic circles and stuff mean you talking right now like the vibrations that we're bringing into the Earth and starting to kind of look at something that's really hard to talk about. I think like women, you know not being on one Accord with each other and as being super judgmental of each other something that I think is hard to come in realization of you know, like it's hard to like drum up like just think about the last time you scroll through Instagram and how many women you didn't bitched out and your Head like on the way there, like maybe you're not even conscious of it. So normalized like even recognized yesterday. I was like damn. Yeah, why am I dragging this girl actually a chapter in my book that talks about that and I can't even think I call it. toxic felt fennel entity Philip bit do you can run around chapter but there's in the idea of that the cattiness that aspect of competition watching a show like the whole reason why the fucking Oscars or were chose are based on the women what they're wearing who wore it best and you know whatever I worry asking them who they were all the guys in The Bachelor or The Bachelorette like it's just we set up these pair dimes is pop culture paradigms for that reason in order to compete with each other and then in our own environment that is something that we experience too often it makes it difficult for us to see the Magic in the way that we can be witches you know what I mean like which is used to be a bad term but it's like we can get together and cultivate and create Magic with one more with each other I want to ask you about like you said mentioned something about owning your own shit and slashed shift which I think in relation to this how can we be doing that yeah I think that's what we felt like what we were talking about is just understanding this in the context of like being somewhere along your spiritual growth and Awakening journey and this is like one of the areas to contend with and I would like like I guess what I'll say is that idea of The things that you used to feel good for you or feel okay for you probably won't anymore. And so I think this topic of that that wounding in those female relationships is really embedded in that that idea that you might these relationships might have been okay for the past 10 or 15 years or this wounding you might have just been comfortable with for a long long time and now Now your awareness to it or of it I should say is enough for it to no longer be okay for you. And so again, I'll say like it's the the opportunity the invitation to to call awareness to review to take inventory of like how are these relationships serving you or not serving you the willingness to step away from those that are not serving you. With compassion with love and with Grace and also to be okay in like that that darkness that Solitude as you know, you're being called two different types of relationships that make sense. Yeah, absolutely. So I love that you brought this up and I love that we were even able to talk about this because I never even heard of it into the adventure didn't I was like, yes, this is so common and everything like if we An if we as women can really like I mean, yes female movement and empowerment and like all that kind of stuff. But it within that rise of feminine energy as the pendulum starts to swing back into the feminine. We still have this highly polarized competition with each other and until we can truly look at that part of it. We can't really truly unify and and I really am asked the power that we're trying to embody. I think that's beautiful so before we go like can you just give us a little bit of background on yourself like how did you come to this time you're an intuitive as well you re cards and like coach people on stuff like that like if we can just take a little tiny segue and to like how will you are you you know very fucking Wu is the answer to that question I tone it down a lot but I'm all the way out there yeah so I grew up in Southern California so I'm from like the San Diego area of California it's really funny when you said that you know you look different and felt different than all of these people that were around you because even in being will being in Southern California I felt a lot of that like I was just like I don't like all these people want to do is like Surf and be 'and and like and I just I just didn't identify with it but I was super fortunate and now I've kind of done some research but into my own lineage in my own Heritage but I've always been very very intuitive so I can remember from a young age like I knew when my grandfather had had like a heart attack and like I don't even know how I knew I just was like this is happening in my grandma's like no he's fine I'm like no you need to call 9-1-1 now and come to find find it out like if she hadn't he would have passed away right then and there I led my eyelid family like at 4 years old like 40 miles away from place I had never been before back home like there's no way I would have known how to do some of this crazy stuff so there's always had a really intuitive nature and then the fact that you came on listen to you at 4 right that's amazing yeah yeah yeah it was quite the little adult child apparently but yeah my mom was always like really so funny I'm just going to say this but like she would let us like make potions so that was like our fun thing to do is like she'd like me like make witches brew and be totally into it and her favorite holiday was like Halloween Meanwhile my toddler was I love it great and my father you know was very much rooted in traditional Christianity so I was like getting these conflicting messages of like you can't do that because that's the devil's work and I was like but making potions fun anyway so there's kind of always been a battle like that groundwork of dichotomy but also like embracing that there's something here for me so I went on about my life you did what I was supposed to do went to college got a job in a bank like all this is kind of interesting and I really found that I was really enjoying the like relationship asked the bags and I was like coaching people that were like 30 years older than me on finances and just like having these super profound life conversations And I was like, this is weird. I don't think that this information is really coming from me and like why are these people listening to me? It doesn't make sense. But okay, so that was interesting and then I transitioned into a long story short. I ended up in Atlanta and transition to working in a high school. And so I was working at a title one high school here in Atlanta and had a lot of a lot of work with students like in there. in their Prime of this the thick of this teenage stuff and was doing a lot of coaching work with them it was I wasn't a counselor I worked on the operation side of a high school but I had a group of girls that I was responsible for as like their Mentor through all of their years of high school and yeah I was kind of like coaching them and a little bit of it was like energy work and a little bit of it was coaching and I was like learning all this I'm kind of like this is crazy and then ultimately through a series of crazy experiences The Whisper of like you need to do this work this is the way that you're meant to show up in the world curiosity's became louder and louder and ultimately it just became like a roar that I couldn't I couldn't deny any more and I stepped fully into my coaching practice and it's like the love of my life and I do read so I do card sometimes but recently I've been really scream cards I use yes which one I love that deck I love that Could have been a new one for me back. But I read cards but ultimately I've been really doing a lot of work lately and have a more a beautiful woman who has taken me under her wing and who has like we were meant to come back together in this life. So she could like remind me of all of these gifts and all of these hidden caverns of magic that I had forgotten and yeah, so now I'm doing like readings, but I'm really mostly just doing it like through my own intuitive gifts. And so I stopped kind of relying on some of those their tools and I was like it's just me and my guides and your energy and when I tell you Alia it has been a game changer I have never felt so limit a liberated in my work clients have never had more fulfilling or more accurate experiences and yeah so that's where I am and I'm also a breathwork practitioner so once we bring this stuff up in a reading I often support clients with the sessions shortly thereafter but we you know breathe to move some of that stuff that came up so it's really powerful yes it's so great I love it it gets to the places that words can't reach which is why I love it yeah that's amazing so that well how do people find you sir so you can find me I I'm social media and I have a love-hate relationship but I'm really trying to lean into the fact that it helps me connect with wonderful people and do my work in a big way so you can find me on Instagram at Angelica Ray that's a n GE l i see a ra y or you can find me online at Angelica Ray.com so you can book a session you can I do a weekly card readings and like energy updates on Instagram so you can find me there I do a weekly Channel message that I send out every week to your inbox if that's something that you're interested in so yeah connect with me on social Instagram is my favorite of all the platforms or check out my website amazing well thank you so much Angelica actually reached out to me about a topic to come to this show about and I was so grateful Because it is not something that we've really gotten to cover and I do deeply feel like it's funny some of the topics that we bring to the show are not well traditionally as how people would see them spiritual in nature, but incredibly spiritual because we Are Spiritual Beings so like basically any topic could be spiritual but in this aspect for sure, I do deeply believe that as we become more authentic with each other and we start to heal more of that sister wound. What's going to happen. It is what's happening now. Well, I will be able to have these conversations with each other and we'll be able to open up new aspects of healing that will transform and transmute some of the old paradigms that we were that we were used to that will allow us to progress in an abundant ways and creating magic in our world that that we have not seen before or maybe before before before, you know, like before all the craziness took over that we were able to really Ascend in this time and create create a better. world for not just women but for everyone I'm excited $20 yes it's happening here it is when you guys a great Community for it yes well thank you guys so much for tuning in to another episode of spiritual shit if you would like to support the show click the link below how to support this show and I will send I'll have all of Angelica's links in the description so thank you guys for listening and we'll see you in the next episode bye-bye interested in becoming a client for energy coaching find me at www.wgal.com to read more about what I do or hit me up on IG at the lovely Lea for daily content and inspiration