Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright. Anyways Oscar introduce. What do I can I just say that It's the first episode. Yeah, it was just a plans. Anyways Oscar to tell people who you are. Okay, so I am Oscar. I'm I'm friends with Javi right now Erik Matthew part of the boys. All right, what else I'm the oldest out of all of them. Not the smartest though. But hang in there. All right. All right, and an Eric Matthews yourself to the audience. I completely the glitched out for like a solid minute. Well, yeah, it's my turn. Okay, I'm Eric. Why don't we just work this all you know, we will afterwards was just do yourself because people need to know who you are in general or to get our characters down. Okay fair enough. I'm either going to be really tired or we're not so that's just it actually nice. No, yeah, I don't know what else kind of you gotta get a feel for me Larry and I'm gonna be the main host for this podcast. I've run by two names of Dave and Javi you guys can use you let the people pick my hobbies. You'll find out later on now Eric. What stories are you referring to? Do you want start off with well, he is a cum stain on my Yes. I did not even feel like passing. You know and when I smell it, it smells just like my future grandchild. That'll give me kids. Okay? Yeah, Bridget not mean grandchildren wait. So you say your kid just on that even though you don't have a kid right now leaving my body. It was so powerful that my kids. Had a little grandkids. Oh my God, this is so you think so you think girls burn produce sperm itself onto the curtain. Yes, you know the Louis that balances out the same power to Oscar has which is 3 foot or shooter. Yes. Also we can can shoot out his his did you know why my kids kids because then that would mean that I was straight up wouldn't have a kid and I would just have a grandson. Wow, gives the generation. Okay, let's go up to let's go off the main story of how do you how do you think our chemistry built off of like what started the chemistry between us three like what really ignited the flame I what do you think happened? Well for y'all to personally I don't know I wasn't there for the you don't know. Where are we all go to the same high school and so at the beginning of this year. I left the high school that were attending right now, and I went to a different High School to play sports and then I returned back to The high school that we're currently at. Yeah, Javi and Eric. I honestly don't know for me. What how did we out? Kick it off? You know, we just we just kind of yeah, it's kind of hit it off, but do use these do you guys even remember like do you guys even know was probably like the main conversation to really kick it off? No, no, no, definitely. No. Okay. Not now since Maddie's not here. What was your first impression of Matthew or Matt Champion as in his coding? Oh, I told you this I thought that was really really what did he do though? I don't know. He was just really hyper that day the day I met him he was just Mega hyped for no reason and I did not enjoy. I was like this guy is going to get on my nerves so you oscar but personally of Matthew I did find him wait at first two out and I don't know Matthew had seen him around and I was like, this is a little thing. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Jamal from the boys like it's not just us. There's other people here that are parked car in park s he's definitely almost hyper one. Oh, yeah. It's a list of he doesn't even know. I'm a cool dude. Yeah, what are you doing these little too excited, but I mean definitely We call it. I remember your first impression of me Oscar was was they all this kids skinny like he's gonna die. He's anorexic hobby might like anytime this week. I leave my day today. All right. All right. Oh, okay for for the people that listen to the the bonus episode we posted today, which was asking pounded by gummy bear pretty It's my idea was we need a good cry. Yeah, that's what that's going to be the story about this pretty much my I got an idea of going to by Eric a gift and pretty much I found this to pound eight inches long and like 4 inches wide and I least 2 inches thick of just gummy Superior gummy bear. And so I wanted to show it I want to buy from so I bought it. No, I brought it to class. We didn't we didn't put the mission down. Down, but our main goal was to kill the bear and eat the whole thing. and you just tell me all his experiences from God's point of view while you're doing that my Prides hurt thinking of it like it hurts so much and I felt so gross like I felt like I wanted to explode was nasty and the fact that we were just talking about We just all spread around like yeah, it's your turn to take AJ. So surprise surprise we had is going very and we personally I think are took the first bite and he passed it to me. I bit but we bit the bear we all bit the bear. We didn't cut it racing. We just took a bite passed around everyone got one bite and be kind of passed around four seconds or thirds. I think that's when Oscar stopped. I think I could do and I was it which I think I had the best because I the most lights that I took were clean ones to where nobody had benefits. Yeah, it was going to be I went up he almost guarantee like threw up like twice Lively. We're watching them suffer the entire time for me. I gagged once it me knowing that it's still inside of my body makes me why do you realize that? I haven't we type who I did poop one spot. I don't think it's fully digested. I Have pooped twice today and I think bites of our we'll find out if it's our system. I did iPhone be surprised because Matthew should better Smurf give as he took the most bites. I think he took the biggest chunks Matthew 8, like I feel like he did third of the he got a big song. Okay, this is what we will do things that most of us won't because we all had like two or three bites and I were like, okay, I'm done with yeah a lot of gummy and then Matthew like we got to keep going through. He really did it for me anytime that I just say no to me not doing something. He's like, no you're doing it and and I just threw anyways like like Eric nightwind Sidora sister. During one time literally I went to I was a hickey watch my skates because I'm about to go like use Russia we go pissed there. He says no. No you keep your keep it a shoes. He's like, you're keeping our shoes on you're going to the restroom you go to skate over there and I was like, yeah, he was unaware these skates in the bathroom while I pee I'm like no and I was sitting I was like I was like, uh, yeah, so so pretty much I skate over there and like literally I shit you not I spent five minutes trying to get one of the wheels into the creases so I don't like roll away for the urinal and and little a but yeah, I spent like he felt more I did but like I almost dies I could have fallen and like maybe I could have fallen and started a whole like, you know, this water fountains and it's in the middle of the city that sprays up I could have started that in the restroom if I were Fallen. Yeah like that. Death is the spice of life though. Is it not you got a good point? Oh what's in love? But I mean I'll be okay. If you do something risky, it could be considered fun afterwards. It depends on what the activity is. What's the riskiest thing? Everyone anyone's? Oh, okay. We do we get caught afterwards or did it like No, just wrist wrist. Okay, she's here asking. Well, let's see. I think I think was received. You have done was like for me I don't do much risky things. That would get me in trouble. But there was one time we're just two times pretty much. I trust passed an area that was near my house my friend and I we saw this new building being constructed and once we saw being constructed was done and we saw that there was a ladder on the side of the building that lead up to the roof and buy this building is like a solid three or four billion five stories tall and so pretty much he got his Bite, I got my jump rope and skateboard at I the Drone to his bike and he brings he dragged me all the way to the building and pretty much I got off the board and I started I went past the area. I started climbing and pretty much like I got kind of terrified because the the roof wasn't as like it was a stable like it was kind of squishy. That's what may be so scared of it, but I literally like it's see so many things and like couple weeks after that. So like, oh we have cameras now on the building and there was cameras on a building site. They don't want people trespassing. I guess like they sauce or something and there is one say the second one was when I preach I did get caught doing this for pretty much. I was for some reason I just didn't want to drink water. I want some soda, but it was like 2:00 in the morning and pretty much I decided to to leave for my group of friends and he walked all the way to the corner store which is like a solid like 20 minute walk. Look for me and this is like super long about it was like 2 a.m. Or is like 3 a.m. There was super late and bridge wasn't came back if we drink the drink soda and all but like I forgot to throw it away and like my parents saw it like, where'd you get this and I got caught. Yeah. What well well, well like I left the house. I like I like past like 2 a.m. It was super dark and it's like kind of a shady area. So prayers are bridging I grounded and and this is this is why I don't want to get grabbed by Mom because this is what she did. She took away my Xbox my phone and she says, okay you see her bed. You cannot see when the Betty won't get sleep on the floor with this very thin sheet of blanket and he have this have this crappy pillow and she says joy food you can eat his Which is a couple of soups and cereal and she's like you can't watch any TV. What I yeah, you can't watch TV. You can only read books here are just so I mean half white so I can't pretty privileged and I know but what do you my card? And so she said if I ground you again, you can't use toilet yet to go outside. Yeah, is that forever? Oh, no, like a solid two months like one month and and pretty much like I'm pretty sure she would have made it like three months if I if I ground again. But like if you get grunting Advance a right? Yeah, would you have to come outside? Probably they see she has like 10 like terabyte memory like she remembers everything. Hey, you guys want to hear a funny story? So I just stepped in a pile of the biggest truck ever laid. Are you Oscar? So wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, Eric. Did you like get all that crap on your freaking fresh Crocs? Yeah. Well if you were a crackhead. Okay, the grass. Oh, what was it a shotgun to Sprite? Do you not get that off yet? Yeah. I know. It's a shock as far as one of the dares by what sex party and literally I tried chug it all of it. I got like I got like half way done enough that I like. I was done. I couldn't I'd spit it all out because freaking heart in my throat because it's like burning it because of all the conversation. Christy what was the what were the main things that you guys really want to do for spring break though? Oh, dude, I'm just so I took my driving test. Yeah, I'll pass. Have you sighs. Did you wait to just pass it? You know, so what I would do is stop the car completely and entirely our you look left and right and then proceed so she saw that I was doing that. She's a good job you did that, but she didn't wait three seconds and I was like, that's pretty gay like this hope right here. So you whatever so, you know how officially have your license? Yeah. Well, I have my license. I will have my license plate. Okay, Wednesday, I will have my license and I'll be able to drive that's crazy. With this was a yes. Yes. Hello Damon X was the odd that's very so high you seem so excited but it's spring break question, but was actually saying the guy the driving instructor also took my virginity, so it was made. That's how you passed. Oh, yeah. No, I don't think I was that good. I was more of like the situation where I just kind of lay there and let him yeah, this is yeah. He hurt me hurt me. So as you the doll where he touch you there's so much here. I'll put them in the washer. I'm gonna make my dog smell Oscar. Have you ever had a near-death experiences yet? No, I actually haven't I mean the most injured Isaiah noise whenever I broke my arm. I don't think I know what that is. But basically I would just go and like try to hit the corner. I'll try to stop the quarterback or stuff coming back and getting through or like make him quit through the inside so people could get him and and I didn't like three times. Never looking down. He were my own. Oh my god. Oh, no, I don't think I could handle a broken bone day. Like I've never broken a bone in it. It's pretty painful. Okay, it was basically. Oh wait, it's a game. You've only what is this? but that's that's yeah, so there was that and then I mean it was painful. Actually, I tried it and then go with that story. I freaked out my first reaction when I saw it would like me to pull my hand and I broke my bone back into place, but I stopped. Easy buddy. Hey, what are you doing? You just stop it, but I know what I'm doing. Okay, I seen his movies actually like I started getting on the couch and then what am I meeting with a granite together? Because like I was on the ground and like my arm was like freaking River like I think it's located with. Oh, I think I caught it probably actually and after that I the ambulance came and they took me and they went out of the hospital. It's like X-rays of it. I will bring release clearly broken, but then they show me like, oh look, these are the two bones the bones that you'd never do this. But in your arms, yeah. Whenever it snap the kind of snap looking at leg don't look good. I only like one snap higher up. So you can't you can't just put it back here like you need a lot of time for that. Yeah. Luckily. I was actually very lucky. I don't have to get surgery. I did however have a cast from like like my palm or like a little bit little bit of with my palm like just before your fingers hurt all the way up to like pass on my bicep. And my arm was I got a 90 degree angle for like two months. Okay. Now here's the thing when you when you have a cast on what do you do when you have the itch and that aren't so so I don't know what most people do. I've actually I've actually seen the new cash that I think I'm like 3D printing to where there's a cause in them and they made of plastic so you can actually shower with them and you can like scratch. Yeah great. well at first Well, I don't know if I've ever been like been running outside for a long time and I cleaning a football game or like Clayton any type of like sporting event where it's like you're constantly after hours. You're like whatever you take off your shoes and you take off your socks. This is so horrible like horriffic. It's yeah disgusting. Well, that's exactly how a cat smells of having it on. It's and so whenever I remember whenever I got it, like I first heard that saw the guy he like he opens a little baggies and I like plastic bandages in there. They like made of rubber and I saw him put like a little bit of water don't like what is that and then he like wrapped around my arms start like like like sticking it in and then like At first I was pretty soft and like I feel like it wasn't bad and it felt like it's getting harder time. I got home. All the like the oils and it's a fucking problem that could knock on it. And then I remember when I was in the hospital, so they knock me out just enough to where I don't remember it. But she like dr. Summers like you're gonna feel it but you're not gonna remember that. She's right. I don't remember. I don't remember them all knocking me out. Well the way I'm glad I'm glad Like no like kind of like 10. I think I got the nine are you know, I really like come back or something. I think I got like nine and then I was out and I was like, oh, it feels colder like a just lay back and I said, yeah like for me, why was it a dense at all used to illustrate? I was just put something on your face to breathe through. So like it would gnome-like whose persons like make a calm literally like yeah the gas like the gas. Yeah. I do lately. I like I was so terrified of like feeling any pain or just trying to get calm very easily. Or just fall asleep. So I literally was to put that on I'm like trying to sort this freaking air that's coming out of this tube. Like I just try to snort it as much as I could just knock myself out, but it wouldn't work for me. But they knock me out and according to my mom. I had a poor people putting you down as they were walking home back in because by the way, whatever they took me, they they couldn't take off. My jerseys football jerseys are made to be tight so they can hold your equipment. Yeah in place, right so you can maybe take a jersey off whenever you have shorter pads in a broken arm, so they cut my jersey and by the way, Be sure the coaches like if I were to go and tell her they still have the Jersey where they cut it and then they took they are clip my shorter family took them off but they left on my pants must look handsome as Weapons have on my dad's in there, but they also left on my cleats by the way cleated you get stepped on something orange by somebody who's wearing cleats if you score in this like it's awful. It's so bad because it's like a spike and then somebody's body weight. So like I am ever like if I went I got stepped on by lineman like the like the big yeah, it was horrible. But yeah, it's like if you kick somebody with cleats on its kind of do damage like it's you shouldn't do that. It's very bad like weird. And so they left the mall. I didn't take them off of me. And whenever they were doing the surgery they had the surgery whenever they were doing the whole thing where they were popping it back in like I started yelling and I started kicking my legs. So how did he have the cleats on a person? Kind of moving them and then I was like kind of move back and forth and I are like trying to hold me down and up according to her. I was yelling. Oh my God, but he did remember. Yeah, you didn't remember you just rubber does things to your mom. Just yeah. I just remember waking up. To the core as soon as I got into the car projectile-vomited that was hard and I've also been told that all cook and then there was a water bottle in the car. So I like washed it off and then we went to go pick up my brother and my sister and then all the way there I was like sipping a power e which I finished again and I shouldn't have done that got home. Got out of the car projectile-vomited Paraguay. God all over the grass it well Eric. What are you doing right now? Eric did you fall asleep? Oh what happened? I have no idea where I technical difficulties. I could heat is that you and bikers? I have a new background. Oh, yeah, he's kind of gone. Well so far, I think we're solid like what 30 minutes maybe or like 28 29 minutes in the podcast right now? Yeah. Yeah. We spent like three minutes like trying to figure stuff out. Yeah, I think since we lost connection of very we should probably just call it quits right here. It was not bad. for four steps All right, either. Yeah. Okay. Well, this is realistic. Yeah, we just lost connection. He's gone Regan Sano snapped him out of here, but pretty much I guess it's we got a solid 30 minutes in will keep this episode in as in like our story times in general. Yeah, definitely. Definitely not bad what I guess. What have you had any injury that are memorable? No, I never really had any injuries. But I do know what do you call it? I don't have any injuries. But why did back then was I pretty much never learned how to swim. I never learned how to swim in salt 13, dude. Now, here's why. Okay, here's why so pretty much back when I was like four or five. I was a fat chunky obese looking baby. And like I was so fascinated by the swimming pool. Just looking at it. My fat head was so heavy. I leaned over and I fell right into the freaking pool and now here's the thing I was young so I didn't know what water really Is so trying to breathe as much as I could but I couldn't I was ingesting all this fucking water and pretty much all got me out. And literally I was first traumatized by water. This is so frustrating. Yeah, we do is require for like yeah, yeah. Sorry for the technical difficulties. They always Eric we're talking about the story on on why did learn how to swim until I was 13. I am sorry. I can't I'm backed up and now anything yeah me I will register. What did you just say? All right, right. Now we're going through the story of me learning how to swim was 13 and here's reason why I did learn like earlier. Was it on the story we can we can let you talk to Gina talk for like salt. Okay, 15 minutes to rest so you didn't swim the other 13 is up because black people can't swim. I'm not black by wish I will anyways. Anyways what he called his bike when I was three. I fell into the pool and I was a fat baby. So I sunk all the way to the bottom I try to breathe in but I couldn't breathe. I was sucking all this water and pretty much because of that. I was traumatized by water ain't I would take a bath any water? Don't get in my face. I would freak out and play around and so like I'm pretty much it was hard to give me a basketball and once once I was like turned 13, I went over to my Ethan's house. And we're doing a summer of I guess field trip or something pretty much for one week. We get to go to CT HS and to go through the different Pathways and all that to see which one you want pick and pretty much he has a pool in his house. That's like four feet deep like he has what was like, you have to buy you made forward on that bounce and it's not that deep. No, no, like I'm let me finish the it pretty much the pools for ptl's. Okay. I I try to practice how to swim because I can't drown as 450. I'm like five foot six at the time and pretty much I was like, yeah, I'm pretty sure I started pricey. I learned how to swim by still sometimes get a little scared when it comes to the water just a tad bit by know how to like swim down under on Surface and like flow at all and like I would say it's near death experience, but that was like it was traumatizing moment. When I was a kid. I was learning how to swim was drowning pretty much. You want to know how I learned? How is this? What's your dad throw you in there? Yes, I had a life jacket on I was floating. My dad noticed that I was having a good time. He was like, let's change that. He took off my life jacket and movie hurdled me in the water like a turtle just you eat and then I was just there gasping for air just to did it work. No. Realizing what had just happened. I swam perfectly fine. I know how to swim your five year old can do it. Yeah, yeah. No that definitely me. I fell in the water. I didn't learn how to swim at all. Yeah, it is Jesus. You were too small what you were too small. Well, I was even though I was little I fell into the to the pool, but it did not learn how to swim at all. I forgive drowned. How old are you? I was like probably for like 500. I thought you said you were 13. No, like I learned how to swim. I was 13. I told you my friend. He said he had a pulled his house was 13. It was four feet deep. And so pretty much I use that to learn how to swim so they clearly drowning but back when I was three. I don't know how deep that pole was was probably 8 feet out no and Bridget and I fell in Yeah, let's you be like two feet deep and you just like those probably 8 feet. Oh God, Jesus is awesome. No, he's something he has some issues as well. He's not in the car amazing. Okay lazy we can call it in. Yeah, what was stories you got? So is it what's the what's the most traumatic or what's the most like me previously if you had a near-death experience or like something really scary that's happened, you know is never left. Find okay. Okay. All right. It's time to talk to y'all sorry officers back. So my mom was really into spells. So my mom was crazy and I suppose she thought she was a witch, you know, where we just to clarify this before did I miss? What did I miss this way to service? It was just hobby thing that he drowned as a child. That's okay and your mother with spells. Yeah. Yeah, hehe starting start right now my mother thought Thought she was a witch. She thought she okay don't mess with my mom. So she thinking she could do spells. She thought she cursed her best friend with the elements. Just you know Earth Wind Fire. Are she water? She thought oh, okay. Yeah that small one anyway anyway, so she curse them and she was like Yeah, your curse now fish supports her friend. So then I was on the trampoline current boyfriend's house at the time. I was at the troop and just grooving, you know, minding my own business. They were in the backyard. I was also the backyard and they were in the backyard. Just grooving at the table, you know, what adults do popping, you know, and then all of a sudden as I'm jumping on the trampoline. A big white flash happens like I just don't like someone literally threw a flashbang imagine imagine that uh-huh. And then I look to observe. We're up by the / being thrown at me and I see a swamp monsters like covered in leaves and Vines and all kinds of what's up of as did you take when you were a kid like like you look like a street Scooby-Doo character like like a Swamp Thing he was just there and then all of a sudden he just like and then there was another flash news gone now - but I got scared and I ran and I cried and I got a trampoline. No. Yeah, and she was like, yeah, I can do spells my God. And now it's coming back to haunt me and going after you and I was like, oh my God, I was like eight so I believed everything she told me I was really scared about those suppose actual thing. I thought I was gonna die what it actually was probably just a figment of my imagination and then her being drunk and make cool making it worse my God. He's very scary. Absolutely. What's up? I said what type of ass retaking because I want some like and that that That scared me good bit of my child. She's yeah, that would terrify me as well. People are able to create what we would like a result. Are you saying? Your mother was a witch? Yes or said she was she was a wealthy like the I actually think I think she was like Real early like some like forms of it is real or do you think it's all like bullshit? Whoa, I don't know right I got mixed opinions personally. Yeah, because Eric is kind of just saw with his own eyes, but it's also because he was a kid at the same time. Well, hey never proven to have not been real. So I know that's true do with that information, but you will yeah and also a bad influence put on some of the state's high winds of witchery or witchcraft. Yes, which which yeah and for me like, I don't know I probably would have been terrified. 12,000 situation But like do you believe in it? So I believe it? Like what goes through something? Yeah. Sure. I would say her like I was just like like haunted Spirits baby. But but honestly like it's hard for me to believe in like a God because I don't have much evidence to work with it's actually believe I've also seat and I'll just see that the book was literally glowing as saying come here my child like oh, yeah screw screw all these bitches. I'm gonna actually be a part of God, you know, like I would actually, you know join but I Literally the Bible's created by human. You know that that makes me not want to believe because I'm like, why would I read the book? You know, it's hard to believe no no to get into religion. Oh, okay. No, I don't believe in ghosts. But that wait. Yeah I do with this stereo. Me personally, well do this more like 50/50 really I do because I've had so I had some stuff some stories of my mama told me all the house that I remember we limited and then when I was older some other stuff happened and I like if I was if it was me, I would have I wouldn't have believed they were like, oh, yeah. But that was the only person that saw it. It's let me to believe that I wasn't listening. That's a baby. Yes. It is if I sister he's so cute. Yeah, you don't okay, so I don't want to get into that or not. Yeah. Yeah. We got all the time in the world. Which one should I give you the media to the older ones and then I'll give you a two of the newer ones that have been which they're not that old enough to where I was going. Well, I haven't always been in Houston our for Houston, but I haven't always lived here. Let's deal is close to the Border next to Mexico and it's called the rate of Texas. It's like right before you take if you were to cross the border you go into Mexico. Okay, so late. Yeah. Yeah. It's so if you're sleeping you just like hear the background just faintly like a essay. Speaking Spanish - pressure Matthew does too but you don't have to dance it over. I've never met we don't eat vanish. Okay, but just say I've never say I say I say, it's probably a racial thing, honestly. Yeah anyway. But the thing about that house was that it was across the street from a cemetery. mmm, yeah, and so oh, yeah. Isa Isa like, you know, it's like you were made by the government is like a robot, dude. Okay, okay there now you better. I don't know. Maybe the haunted story doesn't want to be let out. True - well should we end it here? Yeah, I think we should be here we've had we've had a good amount of time said and I guess we'll work on it next time not a guide but we are honestly, I think we've had a lot while said yeah, the definitely know it just is cut out. So I think I'm just going to cut. It off here. It's like next time we yeah, don't worry. But anyways, I would say this is pretty good. Yeah, we got a good amount of time in I hope for the viewers watching that made this far if you made fart then like I don't know pimp slap me and like I could tell and you know, hope you guys enjoy this is the boys podcast next time we will have a special guest joining us. You guys are lying. Next time you said along with our other co-host he said, Bob the guy what's his name what the door that they don't know because we're cutting the part out. Are you ruining it? Anyways, you're cutting it out. If Cody the beginning part Alex you still like six visits. Oh Jesus, you're freaking quit you'd of queef Lord. Anyways, yeah. So hope you guys enjoyed podcast. Let me know if you guys as you reach this far into the podcast. Yes your waist. R time with listening to us and yeah, this is the boycott the boys podcast I fuck about line, but we will have our next co-host to join us next time and a special guest. So hopefully you guys want to listen to it next time and yeah. See you later.