Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf. Not dead. What deaf what deaf? No, I can't hear you. What? So, it's Andy Coughlin Coghlan Coghlan. Yeah. Are you sure? I thought you just says coffin. It's Irish. Okay. Thank you. My hard G call Glenn money from like you ever watch the movie Cocktail with Tom Cruise special interest do there. Really? Yep. All right. So DJ was she a good student or bad student? She was a good student. Wasn't that what prompted what prompted the Acres of diamonds interests? I mean you've been part of it for years. And so how did this actually come to fruition? Well, so any and I were fortunate enough to meet each other through work and her office actually got moved right next to mine. So we became like naturally really good friends and one of the days so we got to learn more about each other outside of work. You know, what what do you like? Do you have any other Hobbies whatever and any headache? Had a part-time job. And so she would tell me all I you know, here's what I did this night or here's what I had for dinner, whatever it may be and one of the days she came in and it was I think it was a particular week. You're a little stressed out you're having a rough week or so and I could tell like visually like look walking in look and she looked like she was tired. She looked like she wasn't that energetic and it made sense after she explained her previous night. So one of the days I was talking to her and she You was because we became good friends. I had mentioned the Acres of diamonds program tour and one of the days she goes deej. I think right now I'm your biggest Acres of diamonds project and I was sitting there and I had just kind of gotten involved with it with Cody and I was about to probably start getting involved with it with Jack and I was like, alright, let's go through it together. Then I kind of just threw caution to the wind and didn't necessarily know how It was going to go but I was like let's let's do this together. Yes know how it's going to go cuz she seemed like a remedial student. I didn't necessarily I didn't know I didn't really have anything to judge off of like from a previous experience necessarily and you don't hold it against her that she didn't know how to pronounce her last name. Nope. Didn't know that. No. Yeah, we have no no barriers that okay, but we don't discriminate. No. Yeah. No, there's no discrimination. That's great. Yeah. So any how much of that story is true where you were you in acres of diamonds candidate and wife? Your perspective. Oh, yeah was I ever gosh where to begin after graduation from college things kind of got really tough for me and why are you smiling DJ? I'm not smiling you are and off how Well, it was finding a job. It was dealing with student loans. It was living with my mom. It was trying to figure everything out which is what I've been trying to do since I was little it was all happen at once and it was all happening at once and I was so concerned about making money and paying my bills and how am I going to do this? I was just an anxious mess. And I definitely needed to get out of that mindset so I could make some progress in my life. I guess. I don't understand how what made you I mean were you joking when you said that to DJ or were you at this point your head that you heard enough about his thinking that you were like, all right, give me some of that. I was probably semi joking right with him at the time, but I didn't think it was going to manifest in. Actually, so you guys then you she makes a joke. You say well joke's on you or doing it doing it. Yeah, and like how did you do it? You did the six modules, right but where and when so basically we any would any and since we worked right next to each other we would talk each week and say all right. When are you free? Where do you want to do it? And that was something that I wanted to make sure she dictated when she wanted to meet. As we met Sunday morning, so I you know wasn't going out Saturdays for a cuff for a month or so. It's because to respecting his time and no that's okay. It was worth it. And and so she necessarily dictated when and then we met at the Pittsford Starbucks because and he's from his hotel the Hilton Starbucks wasn't yeah, they'll one was closed for a really long time before tonight. Yes head Annie ever actually been outside of Ford Fairport or west of the Genesee register maybe when I was young and a car seat being taken somewhere second service a big day for you guys slummin here and help in doing and put podcast. Yeah. I was actually I was driving here and looking around like I was a tourist. All right, look very nice these types of houses little shout out to Blue Mound cidery. She did mention that she saw that on the way and she looking forward to it our way home. Apparently. Yeah. I almost stopped off there. I was like no, I have to go where if the be professional. All right. So you guys did it at the Pittsburgh Starbucks? I think it's the library Starbuck. Yes, correct. Library Starbucks where we've had a couple meetings. So it was we would find little little nooks and crannies and Starbucks and just kind of start talking and some of the sessions every session at least was two hours at least. Yeah, if I am curious a any so yeah, that's a lot of time it was this morning. So maybe she was a remedial Yeah, she was it was an initial remember when I when we started thinking this I was like an hour should be good to get through these five questions or these five deep life skills. But as I've gone through the program with people and with the with our students, I've realized that an hour's not even close to enough to have and and I'll tell you what I'm finding the same thing. Yeah, especially early especially early because people are it's almost like they've been waiting to talk to somebody about this stuff and didn't know it and now they're getting excited so culture talk to me any about or talk to us about the culture one. What what did you end up saying your culture was and why was that the first one? Yes, the first one? Okay. Okay. So we talked about personal culture and I think for me what I discovered was that my personal culture was all about being a hard worker. A fair and having good work ethic which there are pros and cons to that. Did you know that at the time? Yes, but making making the change is is a whole other right whole other Beast. Yeah. Yeah for sure. I mean work ethic is critical right? And then this whole bullshit about work smarter not harder. I mean it's complete bullshit. We have to do both right and but so how did it how did working hard negatively impact you so, you know everyone. Say oh, well, you're young you can you know do all that work. You can pump 70 hours a week and be fine. But in reality I was I was not fine was you know, impacting my psyche and actually a couple weeks ago. I had kind of a health scare because even though you are young you have limits and that's when I kind of realized it. I need to make a serious change here. Gotcha. Gotcha. So, what did what did you settle on as far as The culture or personal philosophy that you're kind of wed to now. That I'm just naturally a worker bee gotcha. I would agree with that too. So what there was a story that you told me DJ about when you asked her that her pointed she pointed to some other sheet or she pointed to something online or said that's me. There was there was the one story where in the culture module it says, what is what Simone your life that Define who you were right? And that was the story you told about When you were at the volunteer Center, oh, yeah, I'm Carl that story. I told it and I told you this I told that coach Gibbs the next day and we were both got emotional in Dunkin Donuts. Like two dudes crying in the corner. I mean, it was such that story was so powerful. I've never I mean the way you told it and I could tell when you were telling it it meant something to you. It was raw. It was painful. It was real and that that was what the feeling that I love to see when people are going through this program. What was the story? Okay. I'll tell it my junior year of high school. I went to the Harley school and they had a they had a program actually it's senior year. They had a program once you got to your senior year you could start this hospice class and then after the Last you would actually have a couple of hours per week and you would go out into the community and you were assigned to a hospice home hospice residence somewhere in Rochester. And so I took advantage of that and I decided to take that that class and I went through my senior year doing that and then I decided to take a gap year between high school and college so I continued doing that. That before starting at RIT, but I I met a very special guy who was a resident. This was the Isaiah house in Rochester City of Rochester and his name was Carl and we immediately just clicked and he was just one of those people that you know, I'll always remember and I wanted to make sure that I was there for him when he passed and I got a text message from a family member that I had then gotten very close to one of his family members and it was it was a morning and I believe this was still senior year because I remember thinking I don't want to go into school because I want to go over to the to the house because he's going to die this morning. So I went ahead and I called my hospice teacher and I said Carl is going to die this morning and I want to be there said, okay and I drove over there. and sure enough he was probably about two hours away from the moment and I just kind of crawled up on the on the bed with him and we about an hour or so went by and you know kind of up and down we're waiting for it to happen. The breathing is changing. You can see his body changing and you're starting to see all the signs of yeah, this is going to happen any minute now, so I just felt compelled to sit with him on the bed and I just knew it was going to be minutes. I put my hand on his chest and he's doing that very slow breathing where it would pause for about 30 seconds or so and then he would take another breath and I kept telling him you're safe to go. Everything's fine go. It's okay and they always tell you in the class that you know, sometimes people often don't die when people that they love are in the room just because they don't want to burden them with that. Um, so I was wondering like am I doing the right thing? Thing is he is he comfortable with me being here, but I just felt. That it was okay. It's just some sort of unspoken thing, I guess. So the the time between breaths getting longer and I see him take his final breath and my hand is on his chest and I go that was the last one and I said to Nancy his family member. I said he's gone and we cried and But it was such it's an honor to be there when someone dies for them to feel comfortable enough to have that moment with you, but the story goes on right after that. He immediately from head to toe broke out and goosebumps. And it was not something that I had heard about in classes as to what to expect and we asked the nurses is this something that happens and they go no, we've never seen that before no way and I just kind of finish and I just thought to myself God whatever he saw must have been so awesome that he got goosebumps for yeah, it's all I remember this story now, I didn't remember. But I remember that part. Yeah, well told me that in Starbucks. That wasn't fair and I was nice. I mean I was getting emotional and she was telling me and I was like, yeah, it can't just be bawling my eyes out and Starbucks like that was fairly again. And yeah, I broke that barrier, but wow, that's awesome. Yeah, that is awesome. So, how does that fit into your culture? So that's not hard work. What is that? Yeah, people would always. Is ask me you know, how how can you do that? How can I be around people who are dying? I wish I there's a lot of things that I've experienced where it's like I don't really have the answer as to why I can do that or why I want to do that. I just know that I can and that I should and yeah, I should introduce you to my mother. She's a really really similar. She has a huge compassion and empathy Gene. That's the word. So we will I was going to say it I I was waiting. Yeah, so she's first, you know, DJ's culture is libraries and weight rooms. My my mother's culture is probably people in compassion write something like that or humor and compassion humor and empathy something along those lines. And so here's your kind of work ethic and compassion or work ethic and empathy. Is that yeah. Wow. Yeah, that was one of the was the roles module actually we were talking about What is a role that is important for you to master to get good at and any said the empathetic leader? And so she could combine the the term leader which we're both very passionate about with empathy and I'd never heard in my life. Somebody say those two words together and empathetic leader. I've heard people say leader and I've heard people say oh this person is empathetic or they show empathy but I've never heard somebody say I want to be an apathetic leader. And so when she said that and thinking about the story she had told about Carl I said now I know exactly why she was there she was Empathetic leader, right and so it all it all made sense. And I remember when she had initially said that I was trying to connect it to my own personal life. Like am I in empathetic leader or are you an empathetic leader? And that was interesting because I it was something so new that I hadn't really thought of all right applying empathy with leadership. I guess leadership is is not. What do you think? Are you an empathetic leader? I think I am. I think I am the more I thought about it. You better be you. Have to be at this point. I can't believe I didn't think you were you wouldn't be exactly and so but I just had never put the word empathy in front of leader. And so but it's totally necessary now the more I thought about it. Yeah, so I think you know, we've talked in other podcasts about ritual Bonnie, I think yeah, I think one of his one of his finery attributes is empathetic leader and you're right. We don't put those words together much, but I think I think this is not Silly on topic, but I think it's an important segue leadership is changed since the smartphone was introduced in since the Industrial Age is turned into the information age or knowledge age. Right? We're talking offline about how Google makes our life so much easier, right? There were all smart as each other because of Google so therefore nen what what's going to take over in the workplace is empathetic leadership and female males are inherently suited better to be empathetic leaders. So a female with strong empathy but a strong male energy is going to do very very well in the next era of leadership people like you DJ that are strong male energy, but also have a very strong female energy which meaning compassion up and they will also do very well because we need to be able To hug our people when they deserve hugs and candidly we need to be able to tune them up and slap them figuratively slap them around a bit when they need to be slapped around right and traditionally men have been raised to just do the slapping around and traditionally female have been raised to do all the nurturing that's it's not going to cut it. You can't be one or the other anymore. You have to be both and you have to be situational. So situational leadership is a term that's been thrown around with servant. Leadership servant leadership is real similar. I think to what we're calling a pathetic leadership here today, but that's awesome. That is really spectacular. So that's her. I always I always thought growing up. I was going to get into like the medical field. Yeah, cuz I thought I was right once I always, you know being a role of taking care of people and then it kind of turned out not to go that route. Yeah, right. Yeah, right. So here's I mean Seriously, who knows right if that's I mean that's a very unique attribute you have right and a lot of people don't like like do it and you're good at it. Very good and I write I can totally voucher that with people coming to you needing something something from you and you saying oh don't worry, like I'll help you with this. I'll help you with that. That's an empathetic rollers. Some people know we were talking about someone right before this we will mention is but they won't you know, it's their time whereas if somebody comes to you. It's like yes, I'll help you with this real quick. So that is so I want to dig into that a little bit. So you mentioned how work ethic can work against you right when you when it's all about talk to me about how a strong work ethic coupled with a strong empathy or compassion attribute can manifest itself poorly. That's a great question at least for me. I often give way too much of myself. Too much of my time too much of my energy. This is so for everybody out there that you know has this and there's a lot that have strong work at work out that going to need to please need to be compassionate need to be empathetic the person that suffers most in that scenario is you write so self-care has to beat you have to be intentional and deliberate about yourself care and protecting your boundaries knowing that your greatest strength those two attributes will manifest themselves as your His weakness if you don't protect yourself, right? So there's a saying out there I'm going to I'm going to take care of me so I can take care of you. Right? So that's a great guiding principle for a person with your personality attributes, right? You need to really be intentional and deliberate about that because you're no good. If you're no good to back up that point. I always think to if you're ever on a plane and they always say when if the planes going down you always are supposed to put your oxygen or oxygen. Wooden mask on first before you help anybody else out and that's a Perfect Analogy guiding principle for you. Yeah, cool. So Culture Connection, you did roles we did yet and then we did so we did toughness. So we want to Culture Connection topless this week to hear about this one is the wire this was the one with the answer. That was that was we had never heard before and we've asked a lot of people this question because it is a And that people I think answer wrong, you know, are you tougher? Who's the toughest person? You know, you immediately think physical you don't necessarily think mental by the way remind me after we hear a nice version about the military guy that just did a plank for eight hours straight. Yeah and his answer is answer about how we made it happen. Okay. All right. Go ahead Andy, I wanna hear this. So what about toughness? What do you know about this? What do you think about - what's a little girl like you gonna tell me about about toughness So my my answer to that question the toughness question who's the toughest person that you know and without hesitation. Yeah, I wrote down me in big letters. Summation Point really. Yeah. Wow, so what what prompted you to write that down? Well, I mean, I know I'm not the toughest person in the world and there are plenty of tough people out there that I know too. but I know you okay. Yeah. Sorry still choked up about the other story. I was I saying DJ you're the last person on the face of the Earth. Yes. I don't know. I've just I've overcome plenty of things in my life and there are people who have overcome a heck of a lot worse, but at the end of the day think that the only person that I can rely on 100% is me and I always come through for me every single time. That is pretty cool. I am glad I'm here in this answer person because that is was crossing answer and yeah, we've never we we've talked about toughness together and probably for six or seven years now and never heard that answer. No never that's spectacular. Yeah. Thanks. That was that was pretty what would what was her answer about mental toughness versus physical toughness. I think she answered that read correctly immediately, and she actually I'm Over this pretty vividly she brought up the fact of emotional toughness. Remember that like, oh my gosh. I've never heard that term before too. And so basically what she did was she Associated mental toughness with emotional toughness. And so if we say the word emotion, I think of love I think it my heart beating I think of being sad, I think of being scared and then to attach that to mental toughness, I think essentially it was almost a solution to all of those things. I just as I just mentioned and so so she brought up the term emotional toughness and we dug into that and I was it was just a new term that I guess could almost be interchangeable. I really liked that too. So we have an empathetic leadership and emotional toughness to add to our library. Yeah. I think they do both speak at least a me. I like both of them a lot. Yeah, I never heard him but together like that. You're a lot smarter than you look. Tackled for you. Thank you. Yeah, that's a compliment their sin somewhere in there. That's okay. Wow. I had no idea. I don't think I'd heard the emotional toughness one before that's that's spectacular the program brought all of this out of her. I mean imagine if you know, she would have said I'm your biggest Acres diamonds project and I was like, huh? All right, sounds good. And we that was it and I we never got to this point of us learning about emotional toughness us learning about the story of Karl Ross learning. About the empathetic leader things like that where you know, and he's a great example of we have these awesome terms that and beliefs and mindsets within us that if nobody asks us about them. We may never talk about them. Sure. Yeah and to piggyback off of that when I was filling out all the sheets. I was shocked at how quickly everything came to me really and it's like so I I knew this Already, right, but how am I not like, huh? It kind of connects to us saying that everybody everybody has this this urge or to these beliefs that that they they might not necessarily know how to get out and we say all the time, you know other people sometimes extract our diamonds before we do people believe in us before we do ourselves. So when you hand someone these worksheets of these questions, That are specifically designed to have you answer something that you already have the answer to but it's asked in a very unique way. You should be able to answer pretty quickly. So this is this is the fundamental premise of strong coaching. Right? So strong coaches go in with the inherent belief that everyone has greatness with them Acres of diamonds is built on look you have you have diamonds within you it's our job to uncover them polish them and show them to the world, right? And that's what happened with Annie. It sounds like And what a great story so love what what what was the love conversation like the love conversation? This one was interesting because this was the first time I was talking about love to a girl to a female and so I was curious how girl and female are different. You're welcome females to put the proper way to say it synonymous. Yeah, this is yeah, but it was I think the the main thing I got from that was Your two younger brothers, I mean and you can see it. She's like enough already when you say it. Nobody here. Yes. Those were those were her dudes and when I we consistently talked, I mean we talked about family love we talked about about personal love, you know, a little bit of self talk and things along those Nature's but when when we said and I remember the one story you said, you know, what was the moment that you felt the most loved in your life and was when you got Do wisdom teeth out and you woke up and everybody was sitting around the bed. So I remember I remember these I remember these so vividly because I am so interested in everything that people say around the stuff. But yeah that that story my parents are divorced and I got my wisdom teeth out and my dad took me and brought me back to my apartment and wasn't feeling so hot obviously so, you know, I Kind of puts me to bed and he leaves and then I'm napping pretty hard and like two hours later. I wake up and I see my mother and my father and my sister like the nuclear family together. On my bed, which would not be something that I think I'll ever see again, right, you know, so I woke up and I was like man, they love me so much. That's great. Yeah screw. That was cool. I love it. All right. So we finished up the Acres of diamonds program, right? And I I remember there was an event where you had to Us something out. So what what what does it have any tell that that story so tell him about Annie's troubles. Oh, I think I sent you some sort of I sent you like a word doc. It was like seven. It was like seven or eight in an in an email or something seven or eight your troubles an email is troubles him saying, alright, these are things bugging me. Yes. Yeah, but I titled it a nice troubles and this was just just before we actually officially started but it sounded like the cat like this is part of the Catalyst to okay. This is why we are going to do the program. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, and so DJ decided to print out this email and he brought it with him to the first meeting that we had and kept it with him throughout each meeting and for every meeting that we had he made We cross out one or two of those troubles that I had listed. So it's very impactful DJ. Yeah, what's your what did you do at the end? What did you what did I make you do at the end? The last thing as you've crossed out the last one, did you do anything to the paper? Yes, I ripped it you ripped it up and I shredded it completely shredded it up and then you put it in your computer bag. I put it in my computer bag. Yes. Yeah and it all fell out one day because I forgot it was all in there. So your troubles all fell away on the floor. That's awesome. No longer troubles anymore. Yeah. So talk to me what's happened? So you got rid of all the troubles or you work through them any way to use your satisfaction. It sounds like coach Liguori satisfaction as well. What so then what then? DJ did a lot for me in terms of giving me the positivity and the support that I needed I am so I'm going to stop you there. Yeah, this is important. Okay, it was in there. Yeah, you'd already said it was in there right you had it. This is what we ought we're really trying to help people understand that you have it in there to your point. You haven't been asked about it a long time, right DJ and I have a number of Years in our lives that believed in us more than we believed in ourselves and that changed us similar to you. Right? It's been a while since it sounds like that. Somebody really reminded you of the greatness inherent within you. Yeah, and and that was exciting. It's exciting right and that's then you're out you're flying so it's all you right. Just someone re helping remind you right? So then what happened? then I think I don't remember exactly what session it was, but I it had come out of me and I had said to you that like greatness or good things happen to me when I am content and calm we had talked a lot about, you know, being positive and having a lot of positivity and being up and excited. And while that's true for me to some extent I always noticed that when I was almost like at peace with something or just content or okay, and I felt like I didn't there wasn't that that panic and that fear once I got rid of that that's when all the good stuff would come in. So I started on the interview process to find myself. Self a better paying job so that I could change my quality of life and I said to myself well. I have a job. I have health insurance. It's okay. I'm fine. I have a great apartment. I'm taking care of. So I'm just instead of going into the process of the interview process in in the mindset of I need to get this job. I have to get this job. I don't know what I'm going to do that whole that spiral that I would go down. And you know in the past I'd go to interviews and I'd be so worked up and just not in the right space, but I approached it this time around. Thing like it's I'm okay either way, right and if I go in there and I don't get the job. I'm okay, right and so I just started the process and I would kind of almost get a little bit excited before the interview which is you know, very odd for me and all of a sudden I you know, get like two job offers, you know, and like Two weeks and literally my life changed in like a matter of days really so I want to be very clear. Why you you changed? Yes, you your thoughts changed that meant your emotions change. You just told us how your thoughts changed your emotions made you calm cool collected instead of nervous and anxious and then your behavior changed in the interview and your outcome changed, right? So it's a very linear universal law that thoughts create emotions that create behaviors that create outcomes and you now understand that you're more a Creator creator of your life versus a victim of your life. Yes, right. That's a huge recognition in today's culture and I'm I'm really proud of both of you guys for actually, you know putting there were probably a moment when you decided to do the Acres of diamonds together that both you're waiting for the other one to say, okay. We're Doing this or waiting for wanting it or not to show up on Sunday. And I'm really proud that you both did it because I think it's a great example and great Testament to you know, what can be done if a couple people believe in each other, right because there's mutual respect and mutual belief in each other that that actually allowed you guys to do this. So that's spectacular. Congratulation. Thank you very much and that I had thought that you were going to work yourself from two jobs down to one job, but apparently the work ethic took over now you're doing three jobs. I'm being yelled at by plenty of people about it is the fewer hours. Yes, so it's fewer hours and it's not incredibly she went from from two jobs right working. What was it like 70 80, but we has about 70 like 70 hours a week to three jobs with less hours. Yeah. I mean that's that's awesome. So more money, they someday DJ and I are also going to put together a financial module. We're going to talk to you about now to make sure maybe you'll do this offline to make sure You're taking your newfound wealth and using it correctly. Yes and making sure you're the best student yourself that way. Yes big on that. I'm open to that. Yeah, I would think you're pretty emotionally mature person. I mean your emotional intelligence the empathetic leader and you've said a couple things that really surprised us and that's indicative of someone who's pretty pretty mature and probably all aspects of their life. So that's spectacular. So what else what else we got to touch on here? DJ. What else? Do you want to touch on? I would say the I think the whole journey of like any two months ago to a knee now is something that can be created again. I think that is that's I think that's what I want to see people who are involved with this program. That's the result that I want to see like I want to see like when I read a reflection the end of it was I booked a trip to Cancun without even thinking about the cost. I my pay increased by a decent amount of money at our age that's a decent amount of money. You know, I went from two jobs working 70 hours a week and making x amount of money to working three jobs Less hours making more money. And so all of these really good results that came directly from her, you know, this was not me offering her a job. This was not me buying her trip to Kink. Right right. This was Her doing all of this sure and all all that was needed was someone to say hey relax stop life real quick. And let's figure this out. Let's do this together. I'm right here with you and we did it together and the stuff that I learned and I always think you know who really got the most out of this. I think Andy got the most out of this one, but I got a ton out of this as well. I mean just from the empathetic leader and the two or three things that we learned about, you know, it was there was a student Mentor relationship that was Stanley flipping back and forth and this success and this kind of outcome is what this program does this type of thinking this type of mindsets, you know, your thoughts become your things that I remember the one connection module we were in the corner in anyone on to 45-minute rants where I just sat there and listened actively and at the end she was talking about the things she didn't have at the end I go any that's all bullshit. We don't do that I said, Any that is all bullshit. I said see I kind of got mad almost like that was and I was like screw everything you just said I was like you're talking about the phone. You don't have the car. You don't have the house. You don't have I was like, I don't have any of that stuff either. I can name 15 more people who don't I was like and I can name a lot of people have a lot less than that too. And so she was kind of like you're right you're right. And so we just dug deeper into that and I said name and I think our objective for that week was name five things that you are. To that you're happy that you have and one of them was work ethic one of them was loyalty. And so it was all these things that weren't materialistic to man. Right? These were all internal skills. And so we and I did it too. I did the the objective with her and so at the next module I said look at these all of these aspects that were so happy that we have in our lives, you know, you didn't say there's no record of a phone on here. There's no record of of a house of a car in so So we basically, you know taught each other to to think about the things you want because you know Neuroscience your neurons will literally come together. And the more you think about it the more realistic it will actually become thoughts become things. And that was I mean, that's just a great example of somebody coming into the program that necessarily says here's a problem or a or here's something that's bothering me and I want to find a solution to it and we can we can figure that out together. That's the important part. I think that the big question is why do people get in that mindset and when you texted me the other day and you said you know, who do you think would be a good or what group of people would be a good candidate for the Acres of diamonds program? And the first thing that I thought of we're college students or recent graduates because no one's talking about. Out how hard it is after college for a lot of people I graduated from RIT and I just felt suffocated by my student loans and I was in a really anxious state for a very long time and that is where the overworking part came in and I for about a solid two years was in a really bad place. Because you log on to Facebook and you see that so-and-so got a job at Google and Microsoft and everything is so wonderful and it's it's just social media can be great. But you know, that's all bullshit now. It's all bullshit. So it's all bullshit. I mean that's what people have to understand if he go into Facebook and be intentional and deliberate to catch up on people's lives, but do not process it as real life because it's not it's a snapshot in time and you're only getting the bus stop. Right, right. Then the people that are posted only bad stuff. You don't want to be potent. Listen to that shit either, right? So yeah, it's an area. We're really and I'm glad you two have talked about the age group and demographic to that. We need to address because I DJ and talk about it all the time. It's epidemic right this this challenge is up and down Mike, but I think there's real heavy bleeding right if you look at where we prioritize There's real heavy bleeding in that age group because you're the first age group that's really been exposed to The high expectations of today's culture and grown up a little bit immersed in this technology, right? So the humans don't evolve that quickly to to above to what happened with the introduction of smart phones and internet and social media proliferation since 2007-2008. So I think that's DJ probably where we're going to have to go first. And then I think Acres of diamonds or something similar dacres a times has to be introduced to our children and the third and fourth grade so that they can be Mystic self-managing and grow up to not to be bickman victims of their lives that can be Craters of their lives just like you've demonstrated as possible. Right? So any thank you. Thank you for that. Pretty awesome anything. Oh, they plank the guy that did they eat our world record plank, right? He's ex-military George Hood, right? I think so. Yeah and his when asked how he prepared for it. two hours with a mental coach visualizing his success visualizing the outcome that he wanted the visualization. They had that he's a strong strong strong tree with deep roots. And so I don't remember the whole visualization they have but you know, this is a this is an inside game today right life is an inside game and we have to give people the tools to win that game and I think any your wonderful wonderful example that and DJ thank you for I think you mean I haven't talked to you. About this but I think your cup here becoming a very very very good coach very quickly. And I think it's because you're an empathetic leader. So what was the other one emotional - emotional toughness. I think you have emotional toughness and I think you're great empathetic leader. Thank you, Annie. Well, you know what we can call those Coghlan slaw. So look up cogley. Slosh that's coming up Coghlan slaw and the movie Cocktail. Okay, and this these could be two new Coghlan slaw. That's awesome. You just made we made a lie like that. All right, that's it for this one. Thank you very much. Annie Coghlan. Thank you. I appreciate it. Awesome. All right. Thank you. See ya.