With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to getReady? Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my physics teacher told me about it, but I don't remember cause short-term memory loss be hidden Harbour. Oh, but um coronavirus. I saw a lot of things saying that it started actually a long time ago, but the more serious cases like it started spreading more recently, so, That's scary. You know, I actually live in Washington and that's where I think it was last Saturday Feb the last day of February. I think that's the day that the first death of the coronavirus happened to a 50 year old man at the Evergreen hospital, which is even more scary because That's literally a 10 15 minute walk from my house. Great. That's it's so weird. Usually I live in a small room. I don't know if it's small but I think it's small. I live in a small town and usually things never happen here never it's so weird for something so big like this to happen. It's like I don't even like It's weird. I feel like I'm in Riverdale right now. It's weird. I think there's six. I don't know. I hear a lot of rumors that me see a lot of things so I can't really I don't really know. What's true. And what's not a lot of Articles say different things. So, I don't know what really to believe by know that there's been more deaths five to seven at school. I heard that it was 7 then I saw six. Five on like people snap stories and then like Instagram post so I don't really know what's happening. But there are more deaths now and I heard that a dog was like a carrier of it at one point. I don't even know but I gotta tell you something funny because this is a serious topic, but I want to lighten the mood. So um this morning I have this one friend who I am taller than which is so surprising because I am 5 to she came up to me and okay, she's not the brightest but we all love her for that because she is so funny and she's gentleman She's honest. We love her for that. I love her for that and she came to me and a lot of stores like Costco up and going out of business. I mean not a business out of stock of like toilet paper. Water rice hand sanitizer soap in paper towels and constantly every single second of every single day. I'm just bombarded with hand sanitizer. Like people are just like squirting it everywhere like that sounds so weird is sorry but like literally this one dude wouldn't even let me into my own classroom until he was like put some hand sanitizer come on do it and I was just like No, I was like joking. I was like no because I was talking with a friend. It's okay. You can come in so he held he went inside the classroom and he held the door. He held the door so I can't get in. And then I just gave in I was like he just give me the freaking hand sanitizer. Give me but yeah, um and I feel like every single day since then like the death we've had like a 20-minute or a 10-minute talk in every single class. Just talking about the coronavirus. It's either just jokes and people being stupid or its people actually genuinely being curious about it and wanting to be safe and try to prevent it but um carrying on with the story. Wait, how did I get so sidetracked? Okay. Um, well the girl Told me yeah, she has this tiny little hand sanitizer thing and she was like, yeah, I read this thing on Instagram because she's not the type of person to read. You know, she's like, yeah, I read this thing and I was like, oh you write an article. She's like no on Instagram and she was like it says that these hand sanitizers are antibacterial and the coronavirus. It's obviously a virus. So this Hanson died. Sorry bump something. This hand sanitizer won't do anything for you. Like it won't prevent it. I just stood there. I feel like I like lost my brain cells. Because I just I just stood there. I was just like laughing Ashley row. Are you getting like like first of all the virus how that's how it spreads from bacteria in the freaking hand sanitizer anti-bacterial. That means it kills bacteria, which is good. So I don't understand. She was going with she like said it so confidently I didn't want to you know. Loot like tear her confidence or something. But like I did tell her that and she was like, oh it was just so I mean chief just like she was awkward after that but I was just like continuing to laugh just like boy. I just I don't know. I thought that was a really funny. Yeah be carrying on there's a lot of high schools that are Out there closed and they're not even like okay, I get it. They're like students who go to that school that I've been infected with it or like I've been positive for it, which I understand that they're closed for some schools are taking precautions. I think and their tea teaching through teachers how to do like this online thing, which I think is pretty cool for like some people don't like it but like I'd rather have that honestly, but yeah every single day. I always check the website and every single day in my school is still going in my school is literally If you go out onto the payment onto the sidewalk in front of my high school actually in the back of my high school, you can see the hospital from there. You can see the Evergreen hospital from there. It's literally so close. It's probably less than a 10-minute walk. It's so close and it's still open great. I um, I don't know I remember coming home today and I turned on the TV and the first thing that popped up was somebody representing King County or something talking about why they don't cancel school well for like the other schools that aren't you know infected and they were like the reason we don't go close school is because and I thought they were going to say because Stu students just want to close school because it's just school, but there are like because teens are not like the most targeted people which I understand. It's like the virus targets people with weakened immune systems. So usually older kids or infants, but still there is a chance I mean, Yeah, also, I love how this virus came once people just got sick normally. Because you don't know the difference, so I swear to God like I have allergies. It's turning spring pretty soon at the end of March and my allergies have been caving in and I've been sick before like the deaths and everything and now everybody's just like coronavirus. She has to coronavirus like Bro, chill, my respiratory system is fine. We're Chillin here. I just have a runny nose in a stuffy nose. So it's fine. Like I'm good. I don't have a fever like I don't have a fever. I just have a runny nose. That's it. I ain't coughing at all. I'm not wheezing my lungs feel terrific. So for a little pollution, but you know, what we'll deal with that later. I'm fine. It's a I have a friend and I thought he was just like me like allergies, but then I went to his house literally like half an hour ago with another friend to deliver him soup. You're very welcome. It was Princess noodle soup. I don't know how else to explain that but yeah and his mom opened the door and he was like she was like, oh you need him. Yeah sure. She called him and he came first thing he did was cough all over me. It was a small hallway, bro. I backed up into the railing. I was still like two feet away from him boy. It was Coffin everywhere. Like he didn't I didn't even say anything at he didn't even say anything that we didn't even like breathe the second of air first and he just can't coffin over here. His eyes were bloodshot like frickin Bird Box over here and then we handed him the soup and we're just like yo, hope you feel better Jesus Christ and he was laughing bro. Well coffin and he was coughing into his hand. That's what everybody's been saying. Do not cough into your hand and that's just common sense. Do not cough in your hand. That's just nasty. Is it just me but like when stuff like that that you I can just feel like the germs hitting your hand like that's just nasty bro. So cough into your elbow do the little dab sneeze it was discussed in I'm so sorry. I said that but like it's true. Don't use her freaking hand with the hell don't you know how much things you touch? It's already nasty to be touching this much. Stuff like that's cool. So just don't add to it. You know Jesus but yeah, let's see. There's a rumor at my school that somebody might have got the coronavirus and I'm really hoping that it can be pushed just one more day because I my favorite classes tomorrow and I am not about to miss them because this whole week has been awful for me in my birthday was on Monday. It was bad. So I need to have at least one. It and tomorrow. I have a sub in my history class. And she's only gone for that one period that I'm in so I am not about to have this date that day wasted, huh? I swear to God bro. Swear to God. Yeah. What was what else? Am I going to say? Um, yo, they called the day that the dude the man died. They called a state emergency and that just sounds scary in general, but they're like do not panic. The first of all that's like rule number one of humanity do not say do not panic if you really don't want people to panic because some people will panic because that's just when you hear those words that just like gives you a reason to be like, why would I have the idea in my head unless I needed, you know, like that's just scary and we want me and my mom and my brother went to Costco bro. It was crazy. I felt like I was back at the airport with like the lines and everything Jesus Christ. I mean they honestly went by super fast but like everything was gone. We got two packs of 25-pound rice like bags. That was it. There was no water at all at all, but we did get some taste testers though. It smacked bro. It was good. But um, yeah, it was crazy. You know, usually I think I talked about this before but like, um, there's a lot of white people where I live. So like usually people don't buy it rice. It's mostly only like a couple of Asian people including me. You know, we got the four packs of rice in the storage room right now. You best believe that's from Costco. But like usually it's just like when they bring out the rice at Costco, usually only like a few of them are taken but this time it was almost all gone. I got so sad. That's the most horrifying sight ever to see like next thing. I literally when I was at the store I got so sad. I told my brother I'm going to go play rice in the backyard. I cannot have if we run out of rice. That's it. Just give me the coronavirus. I can't live anymore but dead ask them and I Of that because we there's no more water being sold. I told my mom we can like order online. But like she thinks it's sketchy and I think too but like but can we really do we don't have a choice, you know, and she was like, yeah when we got home because we didn't get water. She was like, yeah, we got to cut down on water. So don't drink as much right when she said that I got so thirsty I drink two bottles of water. Do I even feel bad about it kind of but like still that was good like water when you're thirsty and it's cold just hits different bro. It's like the best thing in the world. But yeah. I don't know. I love how at school when the coronavirus like the person died and came back to school that following Monday on my birthday. They had to give us a serious all the teachers how to give us a super series talk about world. Don't worry. Oh my God, just hygiene overall. I was just like if you don't do this, first of all, just regularly then there's something wrong with you like when you go sneeze you nose get some hand sanitizer as well because I am about to have you come back. Sneeze in your nose and just go on with your regular life. No get some hand sanitizer. Oh, if you can't go wash your hands just grab hand sanitizer and like this is the one time I always like I have this one friend who gets those Bath and Body Works, um hand sanitizers and she's like addicted to them and it honestly kind of annoys me but this is one time she comes in handy bro. She gave me like five of them. So, um, you need hand sanitizer. I got you bro. I got you. But yeah, also I heard that people are like going crazy because this but um, What sit there like some people on eBay or something or selling like hand sanitizers for like a hundred like like so much money. It's crazy like a house worth house worth like it's crazy all Jesus Christ. Imagine like someone just like faking all this coronavirus just to like so they can sell things for this high price. Just imagine. Yeah, I think that's all I have to say about it. I mean, there might be like more things to say later. I might make a part two. I don't know. But yeah, hope you guys stay safe and hope you enjoyed. See you later.