Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm an infectious disease epidemiologist says your works for the National Institutes of Health and as an epidemiologist, she's tracked a lot of scary diseases just a few years ago. Does he count break the she has before that the Ebola outbreak in West Africa 20 years. Segoe the SARS outbreak. It's a testament to my age. But yes, I was present for all of this. The first thing we want to talk about is the fatality rate of this coronavirus the World Health Organization just said that worldwide. It's three point four percent which would be a lot worse than say the seasonal flu. But the thing is the fatality rate of this coronavirus so far. It's really different for different countries, which Cecile says is a clue to how this might go you have to realize that most of those differences are driven by differences in surveillance. So some countries capture only the very very severe cases and primarily deaths for instant Iran while other countries test a lot more for covid and so they find a larger Spectrum. Cases and so there is two matter of case fatality rate is lower. Right? So if you're just testing the people who are severely ill and have a higher chance of dying then the fatality rate is obviously going to be higher than if you're testing anyone who perhaps has mild symptoms exactly and that's what people are still struggling with now to try to get a good handle on exactly what the severity of these Berg is it is it is conceivable that there is a large Iceberg a very mild patient that We haven't really seen yet and been able to test and when and when we do and if we do then the case fatality rate could decrease a lot. So for example in China where the virus has been infecting people for months and surveillance has ramped up. So they're catching people with mild illness has studies are coming out estimating. The fatality rate is lower than 3% Yeah. So estimate are still a little unclear, but we think it's around 0.72 maybe up to two percent. 0.72 2% and this suggests that these initial figures from the World Health Organization. They may keep going down as we get better data as there's more testing as we start capturing more and more cases especially mild ones for now Cecile told us that this 3.4% It's an incredibly rough estimate. Okay. So next question who is most at risk of dying if they get Coronavirus while adults of all ages have died. This is especially risky for older people those in their 70s and 80s as well as people who are already sick with things like heart disease and diabetes and something else rather odd is cropping up in the data one more studies are also surprisingly suggesting that being a male is also a risk factor for severe disease and that's not entirely clear why it's a 50/50 gender breakdown for Risk of being a case. It's just the fatality risk that's higher in mail. So that's still being investigated what new research is telling us though. Is that for most people if they get infected? This virus won't be too dangerous last week. China's government published a big report that looked at more than 40,000 confirmed cases of coronavirus and they found that 80% of them were what they called mild a mild case would be be so you're coughing you're sneezing. Maybe you have fever some people in that mild category also had pneumonia that cleared up without too much trouble. So 80% with mild ish cases the rest though. They ended up being quite sick and 5% are in critical condition. So those are some of the best numbers we have right now, but research is starting to suggest that these figures could change quite a bit. It's also Possible that there are people who will get this coronavirus and never have any symptoms at all. So for example, a curious case report was recently published a healthy 20 year old woman living in Wuhan traveled to a different city in China to meet some family a few days later five of her family members were sick. They were infected with coronavirus. She tested positive. She had the virus but a month later she still hadn't shown any symptoms. It's early days. Days, that's just one woman. We are waiting for more studies on this and amidst all these unknowns though. One thing we do know is that people can spread this virus early on in their infection producer Rose Rambler and I talked to Cecile about it. I guess if I was like rating the scariness of a virus the idea that it could spread and infect more people early on before people really realize they're sick would make a virus more scary to me. How do you feel about it? Yes, that's right. It's a virus that's more difficult to control. Yeah, and at first I get it spread to other countries fairly quickly. Is it inevitable that more and more countries are going to see widespread infections. Yes, I think more and more to come countries will see infections more and more countries and while Cecile doesn't sound particularly stressed others are raising the alarm Bells because things look pretty different now than what they did a few weeks ago in January the US had just a handful of cases in people who had visited China. In fact, there was only one case of a person giving the virus to someone else in the US but now scientists are seeing people infected that seem to have no connection to China or countries with other big outbreaks and that suggests that people are walking around in the u.s. Infected with this virus and spreading it around this is exactly what experts were worried would happen and now it looks like it's Yeah several people in the US have already died and that raises a huge question of how bad is this gonna get and how far is this going to spread? There are reports that 40 to 70% of adults could be infected before this is over. But how much can we trust those figures to find out you've got to listen to our full episode on the coronavirus head to science versus that science vs. And then click on the episode coronavirus fears and facts and Wendy's Aukerman back to you next time.