Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP was up by 0.5% inDecember quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus will we needed to keep the economy going on Monday the oecd cut Australia's forecast GDP growth by half a percent sizing the impacts of the coronavirus. This is largely due to the expectation that consumer spending is going to decrease we did see that new car sales have taken a dive in February down 8.2 percent year-on-year expectations are that the March quarter will see negative growth. As we bear the brunt of the impact from the files and coronavirus and the government stimulus will likely determine whether we go into a recession when the June numbers come out the ASX fell yesterday on the back of the Wall Street drop Banks were down heavily as a net interest margins are being squeezed. Well gold miners were up as investors were running for safety the Bank of Canada cut their key interest rate. Late last night by the most they have in a decade as globally shares traded higher the Dow was up more than three percent overnight. So with the S&P 500 and NASDAQ not far behind ASX Futures are up this morning. So it looks like we might have a positive day as well. That's all we have for today. Thank you for listening. I'll be back tomorrow with another episode. Hey guys, so I just wanted to let you know about anchor that is the service that I use to publish this podcast. It makes everything super easy about publishing podcasts and it's completely free. They are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast like right in your browser or on your phone and then anchor distributed everywhere for you so you don't have to worry about submitting it to All the different podcast platforms and then you get the links to share with your listeners as well. And then on top of that you can also make money on your podcast and you don't have to worry about having a minimum amount of listeners or subscribers or anything like that. So if you do want to make your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started if you are on the lookout for a A new podcast app the best option in my opinion is Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts all in one place and for free Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow all of your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode if your premium user you can download the episodes so you can listen to them offline and you can easily share it. Listen to with your friends on Instagram if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for Australian Market briefing or just ASX on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Australian Market briefing. Hey guys, thank you for listening to that episode of Australian Market briefing just to let you know about the other podcasts I do it which is called business as usual. I do it with my friend Matt Brewers from the millennial investor YouTube channel Henry get together every week and have a discussion about was what is going on in the market in a bit of a longer form that I do on this podcast and we also have some discussions about how we like to add on the information and use that happens. So we Be sure to check us out. You'll find it on any podcasting platform just search for business as usual. Our some nail is a little blue square and it has a City Silhouette in the background. Thank you.