Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind of like snuck over to where I knew he I knew where he stashed them because he trusted me all I took all my first mistake was like my first mistake. Those are mine and I'm like no, this is a competition and that's where you fuck man. Josh trusting me. That was the mistake. It was the thinking you could have a competition with me. I'll remember this moment a meteorite forgetting that I forget. Nothing. Never forget. Never forget. Thank you. He's never forget the great Koozie wall of 2019. So so we got some mail. Bobo we should read again. Oh, well. Yeah, not again. I've already read it. I read it again today where it's great not read it so I'm still no not this one but the original one but we did get some other mail from our vide episode, but I'm going to let Jon boy read thank you should check it out. Do we introduce ourselves first? We'll do it after it. I know you want to do you want to do it now? No guys. I'm better than you guys. Yeah Dad. It's embarrassing the drunk Johnny reads better than sober us. Looking great. It's true. It's not have you ever met NyQuil Johnny man. I don't even think I don't even think I've met him. No, you haven't we had to get rid of that whole episode somebody Trooper their way through shit. So well that they alternated shots of was it Yeager that night? Yeah. Well Yeager and NyQuil you were like, come on Johnny take a shot. Now. I'm and sit this one out. Actually. I'm gonna do some NyQuil for this. That one because that was Bathory. Yeah, it's all scrapped the whole thing. Yeah. I took all those off all the old episodes. Oh, that's right. Nothing but the new sound they went they went start OG fans have know about God, but if you are interested in hearing our old stuff, you can email me or us and fuck you pay me. Hey, fuck you pay put the money in my hand little man. You can email us at our go to the website pints of the Round Table.com emails from there. Yeah. It's really really shitty quality. T sound but it's fun. It's quality human beings definitely quality human being if you're interested enough to email us about it. Like why would we not send it to you? We will send it to him. Yeah here God Frank we get never good matured. I think we matured with our sound barely. I thought about bringing NyQuil tonight. So we haven't matured fairly. Well, okay two of the three of us have mature, but why are we talking about again? What talking you better recut your top keeping the top going right? Let's read this mail. Let's read this because my uncle everyone gather round gather round boys a children. There's mail to be heard Fred no filter. So, this is Rose blue's Blue's Clues. So message message after listening to the video podcast inspired me to hit up the wife for a grapefruit guy. I'm confused already great few Gabby. Thanks for the instructional. Tori I had an idea of what pitfalls to avoid so off to the local supermarket, I went and picked up as a piece re up a box of robbers in the softest crepe food. I can find I was glad they get robbers. Well, we're way for the email great. Down in there fucking pee hole. We're getting there aka the piss slit. You really cry out pistol in Jesus Christ. I was really I really was hoping to have a good story about weird looks at the checkout, but I live in a small Mormon town where the local folks were magic underwear and fuck face to face in their blanket with the light. There's no imagination at all. It had no idea that the grapefruit was about to get fucked a man. Missionaries hot dude soaking he heard about soaking right? Yes. Okay. Well now I've been D Sexton. Okay. Now I've been desex and shoot blanks, but I got the revers to protect my piss slit. You're welcome. By the way for that the warning for when the wife she's kebabs that poor fruit over my shadow after cutting a hole in each end of the grapefruit. I slapped a rubber over my helmet so that I could safely stab it without getting a citric acid sting in my dick I my dick I whilst. Vegan wifey kneeling in front of me she winds up and punches that fruit of my cock with enough Force to send juice flying at the other end and snorting Hurley. I instead. She should have warned drivers to I can so can I know that what makes this a little bit better that Johnny's reading it is that he was not there for this part of the video. I was not right so he didn't read the original story. So now he's like just firsthand greeting in this scary as he doesn't yeah. Understand I'm kind of picturing in my head and it's quite wonderful. Oh God. I hate grapefruits to so my blow it gets put on hold while my wife stumbles blindly towards the bathroom while I'm staying there laughing my arse off with a piece of fruit on macaque now. I caught a glimpse of myself here and you know, how you rubber how you rubber dick when you jump up and down beside my doodle is doing a low-energy version of that with the way the grapefruit and the jingle of my lap my dicks really hot low energy. Is fruit on it. Mmm, which of course makes me laugh grapefruit lifts, which of course makes me laugh even harder. How did the not slip off fagin got a donger. He does toilet paper left. So I mean if you I don't know how big this guy's dick is but if you could get enough to fucking drink from your dick, you gotta you get a boner and you do dick lips with it to strengthen your dick and then once you get really good if your dick is big enough you can put two on there and then you could Escalate all the way to like a paper towel holder. I feel like you've seen a lot of videos on this. Well, I know what I'm doing tomorrow. I've not seen a single video on it. I maybe know somebody who used to tell me about them trying to strengthen their Dakota. How's Joshua is Josh doing we're not going to get into this carry on. Yes. I'm carrying on about realizing the kids won't wake up Biafra. They have their kids involved. Other people's relationships shit realizing the kids won't wake up because we gave them back before bed so that we can Johnny juice Jonny G. Yeah, maybe be gross you don't give kids Johnny. Oh, no, Jesus, dude. I'm going home. Bye. All right, so the game night before we counting before bed so that we could have a loud and hard VD fuck and I had to the bathroom to show my wife jiggly grapefruit wiener, but soon Realize that she is still watching her eyes and can't see after 20 minutes Chic. She she can see again as she starts fooling around as soon as I got hard enough. I grab another rubber wrap my mushy decide to lay around this time. The grapefruit goes on without a hitch. She grabs a nipple the Rubber and Yanks it off and goes to town on my head while doing short twisting Strokes on the fruits of the rubber. Well, fuck his pistol it I gotta say I much prefer her regular gotcha. But fucked if I'm going to tell you tell her that now after we've been after what we've been through so far as the juices float, she tightened her grip we got into the perfect stroke / thrust less suck Rhythm. There's a fruit juice really started to flow down through my arse crack and washing over my mud button like a whore Y and see where my fucking freshly torn fissures from the shitstorm of sickness tore through my arsehole the day before I love anal fissure. He's between the wipe rash in micro-tears shit. Lit my balloon not on fire and it's feeding of encapsulating Sting Agony exclamation point I bucked and pushed a notch out the Bears. I was young to get the fuck off me. This has been great if she was like riding him. Oh my God, but instead she had grapefruit hands. That's just great grapefruit hands and this is how I know weird grapefruit hands dick hurts thinking about it. And this is how I know that all the drugs I did in the 90s has passed through my sperm into the genes of our six-year-old is that was running through the house that the bathroom while ripping fruit up macaque was screaming them are some was being burned off here. She was at the bottom of the stairs to witness it all. I've tried giving her enough NyQuil to put Keith Richards in three days. Biddy biddy ruined my corn will still crying. He's or Valentine's Day ruined. Well shit. Yeah VD ruined my corn hole still crying wife red-eyed and half-blinded knowing that I've caused about $30,000 worth of psychological damage. I can say the grapefruit has no place in sex with the exception of jamming up the arse of the dumb come that thought. It'd be a good idea to fuck Citrus name is what Auntie Angel. Yeah Aunty Angel or something. I heard Citrus kill scurvy. You know, there you are. There's always a positive. There's so much in here tried it. No, I heard I've I've never had skirted the scurvy the fuck is scurvy you get it. It's being grown. I thought it was like you get dehydrated and like blistered and like you don't I know that all the higher susceptibility bunch of oranges. I know what I would just read with her sturdy. There's a lot to unpack here. Let me just Google scurvy real quick Aziz. Oh, wait a second. Wait a second. end So many people sell in a bottle. Yeah, a disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin C characterized by swollen bleeding gums. Yeah. See that's a throbbing cock. Yeah. Okay. I mean an opening of so the grapefruit would help it's got vitamin C, right? Yeah, a disease caused by deficiency of vitamin C characterized by swollen bleeding gums. Oh man, it's almost like we heard that before healed wounds which particularly sounded out really nutritious flourished. There are Sailors until the end of the 18th century No my good good. Good. You don't fuck you guys. Okay. All right. Hold on before we move on. I got a couple things this was fucking a couple things or should we get into this was sent to us. We got 15 minutes. Yeah. I was sent to their appliances, huh? Oh my God, this is great good stuff. Yeah, man rubbers to protect my piss slit, by the way. We love you. I'll keep sending us an email. Yes, it's our favorite thing. Like it right in you've just beginning to get into well, we're going to get into necrophilia. Well, that was that was fan mail. That was fan me if I had our fans are great. I know all six of them. All right, let's get into it. Yeah, you already ordered. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I saw already you want to touch it? Hello everyone. Welcome to the pints of the round table. I'm Monty Morgan here with Johnny Sartain and Tara the Treacherous lesbian Styles or however you introduced her as well. We're at it. It's Jonathan Mullet Sartain. Oh, yeah notes. Mullet Jonathan. Sorry. Oh, yeah, the mullets takes over. Damn got me again. Oh God. Damn. I forgot that thank God because wearing that hat trailer park Lynyrd Skynyrd sounds so much better with the fucking wallet. Yep with the windows down to look so much better with them all a true story. Joker's that mullet Jesus Christ. Thank you so much. I feel it with Josh Monty would fuck you. Yep. Big facts. You heard the lady. How is Josh by the way? Is he still dead? Oh, yeah, so he was on RV RV because you didn't quite make it I had to go home. Yeah, that's what happened man. We have lives and stuff. I forgot it. But I mean even if you listen to it I already Said you weren't there to witness it. You're not going to believe it. Josh wasn't really there. Was he Johnny? No fuck. No I saw the guy but he's not going to believe it. No, you're wearing them like a puppet like Cody puppets. Today. We are going to talk about necrophilia are to poop. Oh my God. Here we go. At least they're over 18 depends on the body. Let's be honest, okay. I mean you could dig up dead body might not be a good point. What's that? 16 bits been dead for 18 s is still 16 if it's 16 that's been dead for two years. It's 18. You're good to go John. There you go. There we are. I'm way too Stokes over for this for necrophilia. I mean, you've seen me in trashcan Pizza. I didn't see it. Oh, yeah. I just messaged you was like I was like trash game, but actually we did watch you stumble across with it. I didn't take the box the pizza. Can't hit you did the slice is yeah, it is gets had to double check. Make sure you were just not going to hang out in the trash can for the entire night. No for sure. I've slept in weird places. Yes you have. All right. So who wants to start this shit show. Should I start at a you want to start? Yeah, Terry. I'm not starting. All right, I'm of the well, we found this wonderful beginner's guide to necrophilia since we have to get better at necrophilia. I mean should get a lot better. I'm I'm a I'm new at this try that sorry Johnny didn't bring all of his tools or any of his tools last time. He's like, I'm prepared. I have a pin his dick at home. Did me I don't think that one works Johnny. Hey detaches man. You say Monty. How's the weather been leathery? So we've got oh my God. Oh my God, we found this necrophilia a beginner's guide a frequently asked questions guide even K by Theo Derek Yoder Todrick. I don't know. It's Anonymous. We found it on the the oh Mitch, which is kind of an interesting. Okay, they're gonna be sinking in read from a bunch of it, but we're not going to read all of it per se this is really sinking it into the ground fucking beginner's guide to necrophilia. Yeah, we need this. No. Yeah, we do need to work on it. We do. I need a girlfriend Jesus fuck or something. So maybe a necrophilia is guys going to be worked by this might be what I need. I mean, I'm on a dry streak. So listen were the only thing that greets me is my sister's pussy when I come home and I'm tired of it. That's our cats are cat a few text files have been written regarding the sexual Tendencies and practices of necrophiliacs. While most people prefer to believe that we do not exist we most certainly do as is obvious to anyone who visits the cemetery during a nightly Rampage wow, so this is a bit weird guys, this is a bit weird Is Where It gets weird so necrophiliacs prefer to go about their business alone sharing is not a part of this alternative lifestyle as the corpse usually wears out fairly quickly. However, it's not to say that the occasional orgy evolving four or five necrophiliacs and about a dozen or so corpses does not happen. So let's just tell what they say. It's weight very rare need a dozen or so corpses. So that's where I quit he's because they were like, yeah sure come quicker. You want to be a necrophiliac what up? No. No. No, they didn't come quicker. They actually didn't because I mean, I'm sure if they're fucking dead bodies. It's going to take a loaded shotgun to their head. So like that's what they're into some people have foot fetishes. Some people like dead bodies some people like nice teeth. So my like that it's like what happens if you wear out the body and it like balls into pieces. Yeah. They just go to the next one or if you don't have one then you really got some blue ball. Well, you gotta think about some of the serial killers like kept heads around and fucked him over and over and over for like months, you know, like like the one guy the kept his fucking skull don't understand. Yeah the Butcher of Hanover butcher. Yeah. But he didn't fuck the corpses though. He just kept the that one dudes head. Okay, since we know he never put his penis in the head. I basically yeah, he was behind the stove who has room behind their stove Fritz and what and if the stones pulled out that far why didn't the cops look but they had a different stuff isn't about for it's not about different stove though finding finding a partner. Hey, you got to read the third paragraph first hit me. You didn't give a paragraph. I was just skipping that one. That's fine. Do you guys want Really? Yeah, because it's kind of yeah it because he describes common. He describes common and uncommon techniques currently. This is all uncommon to me. I am so then in this file, I will describe common and some uncommon techniques which necrophiliacs used to gain satisfaction from their stiff Partners. I'm not the only one who's going to be stiff during this reading I'm going to be limp. I'm fucking hard as a rock. However, you'd probably flick my clit right off me. Hopefully these Vivid options will encourage you to go out to your local cemetery and join our ranks. I feel like we're gonna troll question with that though. It says I will describe common and some uncommon techniques. I'm excited to the regular person are common to the necrophilia. I'm gonna go with common to the necrophilia something common and uncommon currently. This is all uncommon to me. Well Johnny's we're still learning take us into finding a partner. I don't want to do this, but I will stiffen the microphone. I'm sorry tired of hitting your sniffs. I've got a runny nose always Catch it right find a partner finding a partner for your necrophiliac activity. I feel like I'm running a tour bus right now for necrophilia think it's running is your nose finding a partner for your necrophiliac activities is definitely the hardest part you not only have to gain access to the corpse. But you also have to find one which suits your taste granted. Some necrophiliacs would screw roadkill if given the chance but most of us are more discriminating. Could you imagine like one like you have a type of Girl, and then having to find the same type of girl that's dead. Yeah, because I think everything decomposes after a certain time. I feel like with necrophiliacs Jesus their type is broader. Ya gotta be a she's a good bra - what's your type dead? Yeah. Yeah, right. Well, I mean some I feel like if you're fucking a dead body, there's got to be something they don't care male-female big little I mean Williams over two days old we haven't even touched about we're going to we're going to get into this. Let's keep going ahead. All right. All right. Come on Type O Negative. Let's do this. So your changes depend on where you pick up your date. If you have access to a morgue, holy shit. It would definitely be your best bet as the corpses. There are usually the freshest and have not yet been treated for burial. They may be a bit chilly because they've been lying in the meat locker for days, but that ramit Locker I'm gonna put my meat in your meat locker while you're in the meat locker, but that really should make a big difference to the determined necrophiliac. Don't let that get you down. I mean, it's no different than like half my ex's let's be honest. They were good. Cold cold cold to the touch dead probably have no personality. Well, they had tried their souls when I turned to Hell already carrot, but don't let that get you down. Don't let it get you up. Oh my God this there's so many puns in here that I'm just losing. My mind cemeteries are a bit harder to deal with as finding a screw will corpse is harder to do. However, if you know how to interpret signs this shouldn't be on table Yeah. It can't say no signs like this is the Matera yeah, first sign is your sign out of the bar. Well first sign is they can't say no. I feel like know the first sign is the fucking name of the cemetery outside of the fucking Cemetery. If a grave consists of a mound of fresh dirt and is covered with flowers chances are that the stiff hasn't been lying there for too long. Hey, if you say we go down there take out, right you see a mountain of debt with some flowers probably fucka probably if I'm practically just a mound of dirt with flowers it gets even more in depth. This is crazy Ronnie. Flowers on the mound usually hint to the state of the corpse as well. Some people are exclusively into pork in the bone. How sex with skeleton sex with shitting me right now Skelly Rock in this case. You can dig up almost any grave and I hope that the inhabitant hasn't yet disintegrated in the dust try to scope out of Fairly secluded Cemetery for man. If you got to do this find the doc is darkest most secluded Cemetery. You don't pick the one in town though for your passions unless you like a sense of danger to go along with the sex. So wait wait, Next instead of going like to Adam and Eve.com to order a fucking Pocket Pussy. Are they just like going to science.com and ordering like a fake? Skeleton? Oh my God, I mean at least it's just what if they just start like to order the themers something you can't fuck a femur. Well, you can rub a boner on it really is you can definitely fuck a femur. That's I've always get your dude so far. Well later on we're actually going to get into that might be party will know there's an actual girl necrophiliac flashback to skinwalkers. It's a fucking what were they using or not know the horns cactus cactus losing Cactus horns and horns and Feathers all sorts of weird shit isn't some weird shit. You're not. Okay. And anyways, alright, I'll finish this one. Then we'll move on to the next step God. We're getting better by the second dude. We're getting way better at this whole necrophilia better or harder. Hmm. I'm definitely this is the least turned on I've ever been in my life. I think well, That makes one of us it right this is this is great having anyone catch you in the ACT is not fun all caps. Not not fun. And if you're picked up by a cop changes are that you won't be able to screw anything but Bubba, but he's living for the next few decades people are generally not understanding of the necrophiliac lifestyle. So probably be a long time before we can come out of there come out of the closet. It should say come out of the Grave. Yeah, that would have been a better one. As long as we're coming. What is that number the fuck was that FBI? They're onto US necrophiliacs came on us. They're onto us. Maybe it's in a necrophiliacs Anonymous. Well, it's currently we're not being very Anonymous way. Well ladies and gentlemen's know. We're men in quotations. Don't forget. Yeah. Don't forget preparation preparing. You might need that lot of the femur up your butt. Nope. Nope, what happened to preparations 8rg. They all failed. They gave me scurvy 49. Well what happened one 348 that was disco. All right, sir, make us better operation depending upon where you are at this point. You'll have either a little or lot of work to do. Oh my God, the person in the morgue will obviously have to do a little more than open up the locker whole the corpse out and bang away God just a little bit more the more I'm getting into this more more how many corners have fucked a dead body or more operators? What's the doctor like Captain Morgan percent criminal criminal? That's not a fact. We did not check it percent check. If you're one of the cemetery people you'll have to do more work and experience neck. Black is always equipped with the Bare Essentials. So Vaseline in the box of rubber stealing what so you need rubbers for great for and Roberts rubbers for four fucking the dead but Vaseline though for sure and don't forget the least important a shovel a shovel like who actually wears rubbers at people fucking dead bodies people with little dicks because what way to make your dick feel a little bigger than some rubbers rubbers are thin. Yeah. I don't I've haven't used a colleague quite some Time but how she's gonna know if you put one on our six so the condoms don't the condoms won't work. They'll break and stuff. It doesn't matter. If you're just doing it to make your dick bigger. Well, that seems fucking lame man. I've been missing out on that one for years and maybe mommy there's 12 condoms on my dick go to the by county or whatever. You got there in Kansas my County turning your dick and it'll chew some free rubbers a fucking balloon animal come up and you're going to go from an A cup. To would be that's a lot of cups. I don't want to do this anymore. So anywhere tell us more tear tell us why this shovel is needed should be obvious good. So what hit me on the head. See you anyways, right? It's to whack somebody on the head get you a fresh dead body. I was thinking of even even though she's dead. She's gonna dig up problems he had before she died. God man. You're not Rod. Damn. I'm not running. This is the hardest I've gotten since I died but if the ground is harder than your dick you might need more equipment to dig up your date Vaseline is used to loosen up the corpse of it. Oh, that's why it's used white book a dead body. If it's just going to be loose. Well, no the vastly well, I mean well, okay. So the Vaseline this makes it less likely for a body part to break off while you're having fun and it also prevents your dick from becoming too irritated in screw while screwing the dried out pussy. Maybe we should scrap this necrophiliac episode. We're already ended. Okay. All right. I mean it is long as everyone knows we are just as uncomfortable as they are going to be. Yeah. Well, I just want to scrap because I keep getting turned on but I guess we all have our own reasons you say you're going to need three things Vaseline a shovel and no shame and zero personality the Box. Oh, sorry, that was all capitalized items is used to play it safe. No, necrophiliac should be without it. You never know which STDs your partner had during his or her lifetime and believe me. It doesn't get any better after the first of all almost threw up in my mouth. Just picturing like gonorrhea but dead gone dead. Gonorrhea. Can we 5% back check what STDs or diseases can be transferred from a dead body? Yeah during part 2. I don't know. When are we going to realize this is fucked up in part 2. Did you hear that? I did. You can put more than one rubber on for Extra Protection to make your dick bigger up. Wait did I don't want to have sex that's the whole reason but screwing a corpse without protection is just plain stupid unless you want to be the next day for a necrophiliac all I'm saying just screwing a corpse of that protection is just plain stupid the whole yeah idea. Let's just dump your stupid stupid. Hey, Bonnie, what did you use protection know it? Fuckin stupid fucking dumbass God I fucking feel a lot better about much normal, but screw the corpse without context so much dead getting fucked right now. How is Josh? Is he still alive in terezin? Oh my God, that's why she wanted to bring up this episode had sex in a while. Let's not go there dead things. Is it because you can't find the shovel. I'm gonna put them on my property. Why would I bury him? I mean, no, he's not dead. I've seen fucking text each other. Anyways, if you're in a cemetery try to drag the corpse out of the grave and behind the bush. Oh my God, we're to another secluded place though. Shouldn't a grave is apparently not secluded. Oh, fuck. I mean if you dig down to the Grave with other necrophiliacs there, can you just crawl in there and just do your business and leave? Well, let's face it how he's putting here is no the answer is no not according to this. See more convenient, but it is a severe disadvantage to you. If you need to take off in a hurry, sometimes the corpses little fragile to be moved in that case make it fast or just break off the head hand lower torso and make and take it with you for added convenience. Like a fucking Keepsake. All right, can we just talk about I have a fucked up idea on this go on whether she's dead or alive. You're putting in a lot of work. Yes, you know what I mean? I mean I Have you listened to her shitty stories. It's still Will your cheaper than a day you're getting to know her? What's your favorite color? I love friends. You know, you're dealing with that bullshit. Well, Tommy no, but then like I like how like if you're gonna have sex with a dead body in the cemetery, make sure you drag it, but just the fact that for what if you don't use protection, you're big, you're a big Bobo you become your next date for necrophiliac which I wonder how I wonder what the actual percentage is of dead bodies getting fucked like right now like you can look up a suicide rate. Like death by car crashes like I want to know how many how many sure those statistics are easy because people don't like they don't talk about it, like people get in a car crash in like yeah the police know about that. It goes into a directory Peter their dead bodies and be like, hey, don't forget to update the during this week should be hey Phil put another scratch on that chalkboard. We found another maybe we should start a directory. The good God never us like I do a weird feeling in my stomach proud of it. They're obviously they're real brutal field go and don't forget just break off the head hand or lower toes. Take it with you. Take it with you for added convenience. Yeah. It's like grabbing a six-pack and taking it to the boy. If you're going to crack a whip cracking a cold one with the ugly if you're gonna fuck a dead body here. No, but I got a head that arm and a torso. I got a foot for weird Phil over there. Yeah. I'll suck a toe weird feel with the footbed is But yeah, if you're going to fuck a dead body, make sure you don't do in the grave because you won't have easy access to right you mean when when yeah, and then like don't even think about all the DNA or leave everywhere. Alright, so she techniques. Oh my goodness. So so now you've got a stiff like duct seductively in front of you. It's even hard to get through this and not feel like I'm just like yeah get something out of that touched. Yes. Yes. Yes I have I had a dream once like last week. Oh not a wet dream. Well, I came without being touched. How do you know you weren't jacking off in your sleep because Emily definitely wasn't you were sleeping. I've fallen asleep at dick in hand before this was not one of those that's embarrassing. What if you fall asleep and then put your dick in your hand and then removed it. That's it. You fell asleep mashed like with your dick in your hand. That's like the ultimate form of rejection drunken fucking like board still playing on my phone. Yeah, I'm gonna sleep masturbating but I have asleep work. Somebody was my fault. Yeah, I fall asleep. Shoot her. Yeah didn't have no business doing that. I'm clearly drunk to do it. But yeah, I've woken up and wearing a fucking couch coozy. So anyway, so now that now that you've got a stiff like seductively in front of you, but you have no idea how to start. Yeah. Yeah. How do you proceed from this point on forward? Really? I don't know my tell me Well, Jesus you cut a hole in the depends on the type of person you are the corpse will last longer if you treat it gently and with care, but if you prefer to go Go all out. You'll probably receive greater satisfaction greater satisfaction. The person they are there are many differences between screwing a live in a dead person one needs to be aware of firstly a corpse will never tell you get off of it. Exactly if you're being a bit rough. It will never complain no matter what kinky sexual practices you may employ. It's not rigged that they can't talk. Well, I mean they say like you people can't talk. I was like, all right, I can people that are sleeping rapes really bad but like weird, right? This is like a whole other ball field. I hope none of my friends corpses ever just get fucking I hope when I died helping everybody rapes me if I know somebody who gets fucked while they're dead. I'm gonna file charges for rape against them. Yes, and we're started directory. Listen guys, maybe gonna win five dollars and if I go before you which I will because I'm like a thousand. I don't know man. My my track record. I won stuff everyone to rape me at my funeral. I'm maybe a front of everyone after the funeral preferably, but no let's do. It in like dokdo documentary will wear GoPros. Yeah. Oh you like that that Meme with the chick on the couch. Just you know, what you guys can rape me and all that stuff when I'm dead. But please do me one favor. Don't put the thing where you put your thumb over my chin and make me talk. I'm talking about everything else is fine. As long as we don't do that to your mouth your butthole on the other hand, you know the okay, that's Fritz. That's why I'm in dude. That's fucking funny. That's really bad to think about. But hey always I'm here for fucking ever. So screwing a corpse is also much more predictable because you can raise an arm leg or whatever you will it's still be in that position when you reach for it again. Sorry. It was rough. No. Yeah, this is very rough. So I had to like literally think about where I'm at in my life take the arm and gently lock it in a brace behind your back or spread the legs to make it a bit sexier. Oh my God, we're not talking about the normal spread. And if you want a great blowjob then lubricate your partner's mouth like a cheap referred with an insert and go for it. Although there's no Stimulation. It's still worthwhile. Johnny almost threw up. There's wet stuff in there. Oh my God, I feel like that's what the Vaseline is for dude corpses could also hold on. It's also safer than conventional sex. What the fuck? No one cares about that. Yes fucking could you imagine just like holding your girl that and fucking just scooping Vaseline in her mouth? Like I want a very dog gross. Okay. So can we talk to a corpse corpses can rub the corpses can also be recycled. Treated far from properly if you're proficient embalmer. You can keep a corpse for over five years. That's free sex. Whenever you want it. You naturally don't want it to be too rough for the bomb corpse because they are more fragile. Am I supposed to get my nuts off? I have a quick question on back to the blowjobs. I don't feel like I have the answers. You see we don't but it's a very good inside. We're getting better. Okay sit low job where I wear a rubber. Yeah, you know, it's what it says didn't say anything about the fucking mouth fucking with the rubber. It says it's in the beginning always. Is there a rubber forever? But have you ever had a hand job? Have you ever had a blow job with a rubber on yeah. Yeah, it's fucking the garbage. Yeah, and then she can't kiss me afterwards. Yeah, cuz I hate that rubber tape. Yeah, I'd rather my God. How do you think she feels God that rubber casing? I don't care. What do you think? I'm single? No, he's not. And then you put the condom on she's all swelled up and feel like oh my God. I must have grabbed the wrong one take it off and be like now finish now finish. That's a funny joke because I don't have condoms right also bring me a grapefruit. All right, so she's corpses. Sorry one final advantage of screen corpses. The is it they're always in abundance based on your sexual offense professions for the preferences. You can designate a cemetery or morgue as your territory. It always find - Partners to screw fucking put up his cheesy pickup lines or spend all your money necrophilia is a passion, which is cheaply satisfied. Oh my God. It's like the DUI thing you can this will be cheaper if you do it, but if you get busted $10,000, yeah fucking it's cheap. If you don't get caught. This is fucking too much cheaper to drive home drunk been to call an Uber. All right, man. There's so many questions I have but like I don't Know what to say because there's a lot in here and I want to throw up that's like that's a different fetish for us to talk about. You know, what I bet you could probably use your throw up as lube instead of Vaseline. If you for absolutely because the vet ropes free, that's true. So we're these bodies it even cheaper. So in conclusion, I hope that this text file will encourage you to go out and try to know porphyria. Not many people do it, but that's precisely what makes it so much fun makes you feel special. If no living person would touch you with a 10-foot pole and you're having Sex with the corpse some of them are real Beauties and it's an experience. You'll never forget. I'm still never going to forget this talk so fucking nuts in conclusion. There's no greater experience for a virgin than having his or her virginity taken by a corpse. Anyways have fun. And if you have any experience you'd like to share them by all means do maybe necrophilia will enter the mainstream because of your efforts did not write the story. I just ran across it one day. Well fucking a corpse. Okay, so it's actually a Actually in the grave with her. Okay, so can we just take a second? Okay. I've got two theories on this. I think this is either a troll like, you know how to fucking enjoyed nuclear Holocaust, you know, like a fucked up like way of looking at it, you know joking type fucking troll or someone actually took time and effort to make know someone took the time and effort to make this. Why would they want to make this means is by the way sounds like a fucking hipster the I've never will because no one else does it and it could you imagine a feed store? Yeah seems to what what it what when it does get popular safe at ever does get super popular all the original necrophiliacs back man. It's like vinyls now click vital and then whoa whoa, whoa, but I love vinyl fucked dude, you know, I love Rick. I know you do but you did you ever stop loving him? No, no exactly. There's someone finals at Walmart now, but yeah, I can't be good dude and fucking all the classics man really like dark side. I like dude. So I found a VHS player that I would see anyway, that's cool. But keep the records aren't can you imagine no records are fucking great. But could you imagine the OG necrophiliacs your well I was doing this fucking 94. I've been out here now. He's fucking little Millennials run around fucking my territory. I got all the skulls on the mantle. Like I said, like it find a place that yours. I'm just picturing like marking. Your territory is just like games like drug users piss all over the cemetery. This is mine mine mine like your leg. Pee on it leave us at the one thing. I'm taking leave as much DNA if you're doing it. Yeah and take some too. What's left of the left of the DNA Jesus take the d in I feel like I would want to be funnier. But this one blew my fucking in the cards for you wasn't your cards who the fuck's a torso? Sorry guys. I'm like really I'm coming bothered right some people just suck. Whatever hole they can get to take facts. Okay, I get that dude. I don't know how I feel about life right now. I know how you feel about life feel good. If it ain't a live, it won't give you feel stiff your highlighter when you're shaking it like that. Looks like you just shake it around a hot dog. I bet he wishes. I'm actually so just kind of not good my stomach right now. Yeah hot dogs like I'm kind of bothered right? Well, I got a little something that might change your mind. I found something on the internet, but I was reading all been discovered when I was Googling necrophilia. Oh, I can't wait. I found this little story dude. I want to make some sex noises right now. I like it. I'm turned on I'm that turned off. Well, this is going to make you better. No, it's not so not today but a few months ago a few months ago with you if you like three, so I ordered a purple mattress and notice the tracking change to a day earlier than originally projected. And I was unexpectedly home. I was glad I'd be there to bring it right inside to attempt to sit outside all day, but I was only home because I was a little under the weather and barely slept the night before I was basically a zombie I should also add that when I don't sleep. Well, it's written all over my face in the horror of dark circles under my eyes. Yeah. Yeah cheap big shocker. Yeah. All right about 9:30 a.m. I hear the sound of delivery truck tailgate upon looking outside. I see a guy pulling out a long purple tube. I was expecting the Box That's the only way I've ever seen the mailed which is weird about a mattress and look like a box, right if it had come in a box it would have possibly been written sound it out. I am I was expecting a box because that's the only way I've ever seen them mailed hence the term actress in a box. I watch him remove the mattress link thick purple tube from the truck and throw it over his shoulder. This is getting stay me. So I go to greet him at the door. I'm exhausted waiting to get the mattress inside is the only Reason, I'm not napping at this point and I'm ready to crash despite that I must are all the energy I can to answer the fucking door. I'm quite quite well to be friendly and smile. My bad. Okay, he's pretty friendly. So I'm trying but my mind went to bed already and I'm on autopilot at this point leans up against the step and offer some friendly generic Small Talk by saying, well you got in there a body ha ha ha. That was my laughs. That's I know where we're going with this though. Do you want to touch it do you? That's that's gonna think that's what I heard myself saying it and I couldn't do anything to stop I said ha. I wish but at that moment the fraction of my brain had been working scrambled to do something say anything anything at all. I'll suck your dick but instead what came out only made it worse. I have to I have to use that I said it I said it with enthusiasm somehow supposed to fix and overpower the first comment. I hope so Jesus and I definitely emphasize the word that which referred to a Ed body he kept smiling and said have a good day or whatever. I really wasn't paying attention. I played it off and kept moving. I dragged them at just corpse up the steps inside and went to pee before going to bed as I'm half laughing and half wondering what the hell the guy must be thinking. I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror chewed up cargo sweatpants that have been retired from the public long ago a baggie beater plane Whitey hair all over the place dark eyes big circles who haven't slept in days. Remember wondering that guy called someone immediately To tell them about the weirdo. We just delivered or not. Yeah, fuck that whore. I mean, we've all done dumb shit like that. Like my favorite try to lighten the mood. No, I understand keep you from puking. Thank you. But like we've all done that same shit. Like here's your change sir. Have a good like have a good day. Like art like happy birthday you two, exactly. Yeah. Enjoy your food like to service like already enjoying like yeah. You too. Thanks. There's a little more oh, but I mean like there's more to this so that the story's not over. Did she blow the guy or not? Anyway, laughing damn it. I went upstairs laid down actually the dead body and conked out. I said what I said checks 5% chicks. I may have added the last part. Yeah, you did just for you though TL DR. I actually applied to a FedEx driver that if it was between a dead body in a mattress. I Take his Hard Rock and cock. Hey, thanks for tuning in. We are pipes of the round table tonight. We've got a lineup huge hard-rocking cocks only fuck did things as wow. Nice color right now gets perfect mattress. Oh God. I almost give out your number nobody. Oh, please no. Oh, okay talk never give out. My personal phone number, please. We're going to give it at one number at a time. They're gonna give out your office number. No don't even Chili's we're gonna give out his numbers don't work and do my email we're gonna give one number at a time for the next like ten episodes, but not even all of them and we're just it might just be like we're reading it when it like it's something says and then she fucked two dead bodies, right? That was the to what's it called when you have to piece it together. What is it when like you give someone like a subtle fucking hint I call that a red flag, man. Oh, how was yours? Is he still dead? God I bet he's rock hard right now rock hard. I hope not he's at work with a bunch of whores. Hey, thanks for tuning in on the collar line caller. Number nine. We've got Tara who's winning the purple mattress so far Josh's out with a bunch of whores. I really need this mattress. I've been sleeping terribly since my boyfriend's with out with a bunch of whores his boyfriend. Oh, yeah speaking of that here is Josh, huh? And Josh Tara really didn't kill me and just To prove it. He's a fat. That was a Josh. It's a really yeah, it sounded like a sound bite. No. Yeah, it's like Chris is okay. Yeah Josh, that's the fart. That was Josh. Let's get far. There's bubbles Titan, you know it. Hey Josh, how you been? I mean Peggy, so that's our Field Guide to necro fucking ever feel Ian. We got better at fucking dead. I mean, I hope everybody can. Like a dead person family. Anyway, everybody join us next time for some more necrophilia hard some hard hard Cold action grab your shovel get your Vaseline always wear a condom always wear a condom and take an armor head with you and don't let the coldness get you down. Don't boniest episode own. 'rest. Anyway, we're planning to the Round Table. Thank you all for listening. I fucking hate me, but I hope you don't hate us. I hope you enjoyed listening learning. Hope you enjoy fucking God. I like your fucking necrophilia necrophilia. Cheers. Everybody Cheers Cheers always wear long always wear a condom. Anyway, where is my sister's pussy? Anyway, yeah, have you smoked fresh air and think about my life. Don't dig up Tommy.