Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the British and become their own country. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the molars in the back. Sybil Ludington was born in America and when she was just a teenager Sybil's dad was a famous leader on the American side of the war. One dark night a messenger came to warn Sybil's dad that the British soldiers were coming to attack their Town symbols. Dad had to warn everyone on their side, but how could he that's where Sybil comes in. Switch rushing to the bottom of your mouth and brush in little circles around each tooth Sybil was a fantastic horse writer. So her father entrusted her with a dangerous mission to warn everyone that the British were coming. It was Pitch Black outside and simple had to ride fast, but also quietly. So no British spies will see her Sybil Road through the night telling every Soldier she could find to go to her dad's house and prepare for battle switch rushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth. We give your tongue a brush, too. By the time she was done over a hundred American soldiers had gathered for the fight Sybil was commended for her bravery and even got a personal. Thank you from General George Washington who would later become the first president of the United States and that's why Sybil Ludington is today's Chompers heroin. That's it for Chompers tonight, but come back tomorrow for more heroin until then 3 2 1. Chompers is a production of gimlet media.