You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the teeth today all of it. Okay, we're not going to Mary's is a good school. Yeah. Mary's is good school, but it was also bad. At least when I was in it, but we'll get into that later on right now. I want to talk about current news. And there has been a lot going on this week and the last episode I talk about pop spoke with Jacob and we just talked about how crazy everything was what pop smoke like pop smoke was really I'm not going to say he was he was a major guy who you are. That's what I know. But as far as for me, he was just another rapper. At first I liked his home, but you it's that acquired taste. You know, he got that culture taste. You gotta get into it, but it is like once you hear that that's the part where I was like, okay, I gotta get something like it was lit. But um, yeah, the news is very sad. No one would ever want to get killed in the privacy of their own their own homes. I feel like She's like, this is my point every way. I'm not saying I would rather have him killed somewhere else. It's just like that situation very inside and despiteful ass. Like I really had to say about it and it's a pattern. There's a bunch of young rappers dying nowadays. I'm a why but it's just sad just saying, um the next topic I want to talk about that kind of got me a little pissed off is the way you weighed son Zaya, which was I really don't know what the let me search it out. What was it before? I because I know he has an older brother. So I year But what is his name? Because usually if I search it up is going to come as I am now which you know is really I think it's a good thing people are now being aware. You know, I'm sorry. I'm a little bit distracted. So I think his name what was her name? That's not even showing up anyway. Zaire oh it was out here. Oh, okay. So Zaire. Yeah. So, um, yeah, let's talk about is that your desire? So about my opinion one. I have no problem with it. It was the iron wants to become Zaya Zion. Whoever the fuck they want to be. Let them be that person. Why is it an issue for someone to become? Someone they want to be I'm saying like it's just annoying because and everyone knows is they don't have the same thing Society Society like you can't just keep saying Society. It's not the whole world. It's people who were well I'm going to say it's it starts at the family Roots, you know, it starts from how you were brought up. It's not Society. It's just it's a problem with people adjusting to new things. People are scared to adjust to new things. So they return to old habits and they don't understand that. This is a good thing. I'd rather have like he had his 12 year old son came out and told him dad. I want to be a girl or maybe well, yeah you change the pronouns to her. So yeah, Dad. I want to be a girl not a lot of people can do that. He had a lot of Courage. He was Brave. That's a good thing. He's becoming a man to me. He's becoming a man and he's becoming a woman. No, I'm saying you have to adjust to the situation. You have to learn that. This isn't a bad thing. I'm saying and Dwyane Wade knows that he's probably scared of his mind to but he's learning as his son is like he literally said my son is teaching me along the way that to me great his father. Oh, sorry. That's what I think. I love that little blue. He made some comments saying that he's 12 years old. He don't even know what he's gonna eat the next day. He don't even know he's gonna do that Dwayne Wade supposed to teach him. Okay. I understand you're his haunting is sick on a Nazi. I understand. Yeah, the Wayne way is the father. He's a dog. And yeah, it's a young age for him to be saying he wants to change it to a girl but that's how he feels some people. I believe that some people are born feeling knowing who they are. Like if you are 12 years old saying you want to become a girl it's because it's something that's bothering you not a lot of people are saying I want to become something. That's well. They don't know what they want to do. He does. If he changes his mind in the future, he changes his mind in the future. You have to let him be the one to decide that it's called freedom and it's not like the way he's letting him be on his own. He's there with him and just like it's ignorance to me. And I'm going to oh, I don't know if I skip steps if I already said I'm going to be going what's the number three mind your business mind your business Miss. I heard this song already. I'm sorry. That's what like mind your business. That's not your son. Your son is going on social media saying yeah his son and his son is gay that the laugh watch your own son. Your son doesn't have mayonnaise. He's probably getting it from you, but we don't speak on that. We're not going to speak on that. Because this is a love love friendly environment and when I won't talk about that. We're just not. I just think. That people need to adjust to new situations. That's like the whole point of what I'm saying. We don't know anything about anybody's child until we step in their shoes being 12 years old, you're not having the duties of an adult but you are pressured you are growing into your own person. If you make a decision, that's big that's part of the growing process like people you act like you were At 12 years old like come on Love Is Love If he if he wants to be a girl. I'm sorry, Justin Harris she because that's her pronoun. So if she wants to be her she wants to be in two boys, or she wants to be in two girls. There's no right or wrong. It's whatever we grew up with a male and the female that are supposed to be together. That's the way people grew up half of the time and now we're in a generation where it's mostly female female male male, or maybe it's it's it doesn't matter like you have to adjust to the situation and I'm not going to speak on that anymore because the pissed me off for a little like I said friendly environment, so Um, yeah, just let me know what you guys think about that. And if you have a different thing I'm I can hear it. Um DM me. Comment just whatever psychopathy what DM me text me if you have my number some of you listening. Yeah me. And just let me know what you think and I would take a short break. So I can just get my thoughts together and we could just talk about this Mary's my high school. I used to go to a so-called hell cage, but we won't get into that five minutes five freaking minutes if you are in back in five minutes. You know before you even get into this podcast, I have to give a big shout-out to my bestie anchor far anchor I would even have this opportunity anchors the easiest way to even make a podcast and gives you everything you need in one place for free which you can use right from your phone or computer. They even have tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. Sounds natural and you're just comfortable with it. You know, it's like you're talking to a friend. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere Spotify apple and got the little ones like Google and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which means money in your pocket download the anchor up or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Please welcome back for use of stayed and listened. I applaud you. I really apologize you and I thank you. That's what you're supposed to do. So now let's get into Mary's. Um, I don't know how to start off Mary's marriage is so much. Um, well, okay, let's be formal St. Mary's are the Assumption High School was the high school that I went to was in Elizabeth, New Jersey and I don't know if anyone famous went there. But I do know the school that was open since like the 1940s or something. It's been open for a very long time. The school isn't big at all. It's like a little brick building in the city. That's literally what it looks like and I just don't like hella people love to go there and it's not because like it had a lot of resources, but it was more of a family school everyone knew everyone. Everyone was so funny. And that's the only thing about Mary's that gets me everyone in that school with hilarious like Every I don't know I just feel like comedians were born there and it was more like down-to-earth. There wasn't no like to me there was no racism. Yeah, we play around be like snow bunny, but it wasn't racism like there's none of that. So it was just very family school and it was mostly to me. There's almost any like occations a lot. It was a little bit Spanish people as most yeah little bit Spanish people. It was just black like black people. And I loved it. No problem some lack of course anyways, um, yeah, I love it. It was my school. But I think the only thing that was wrong with it was the school itself. The people were lit we were doing so much shit that we'll talk about later on but it was so much shit and the school itself teachers cut it there was only a few teachers like that were actually helpful like I'm a Give it to miss one the Lasky because she really did. She she taught life lessons, but as far as like religion class get into that later, but let me give him this one alaskey. Imma give it to mr. I even though she was a pain. She taught she tossed this one. I'll see you mr. By yay. Miss Searcy this seriously was that bitch missing? I'm not gonna call her a bitch. I'm sorry. Mr. C was that woman? Mr. C was the woman who came in and she kind of she moves out. She was very smart by the way, very smart, but she was more gel out wisdom. That's what I meant to say. She knew too much and I kind of scared me. Cuz she needs much but she's very very smart woman and she just like whenever you need a help whenever you just need someone to talk to got her door was always open even when it wasn't open. She was always somewhere running around laughing with somebody. So she will help you out. She helped me a lot of like college as he was and she was just that teacher like she was cultured. First of all, like I always say you need to be cultured. She was cultured we walk by her room. It was like a history museum of African American History Museum that is cultured you need to teach people how to come into your environment and for them to learn just by looking around guess she was cultured. I'll tell you that she was coach The Survivor is very smart, but she was cut. I don't want to speak bad about people but late she knew so much that she adjusted in a way that was kind of like, oh, I know more than you and you know I'm saying I was just like like I get it like I'm in high school, you've had 40 years of experience. I understand that we understand that always and there was always something she said that I completely forgot. That's when I you know, like I'm not in high school. Because I like half of the stuff that's happened in high school. I've already like kind of like I have to think about it. So it's like it's sad but we'll get there. But the midst of I say, oh you didn't know that whoever is Mary's gang listen to this, you know, that's what she will always say. You didn't know that all the time. It's just her catchphrase and No, bitch, you know, I don't know that you knew that but it's like that's how she was. It's my new house key very sweet woman, but sometimes she doesn't understand. I think she just doesn't know how to react to things. That's all I'm saying about it, but so much has happened with her. That's like well we're gonna talk about um, what are the teachers are there? Miss Monica was very you something Miss Marshall was a math teacher who knew a lot about math. But to me, she didn't know how to really teach it for everyone to understand it. She was more of I'm going to do it. You want to learn a lot. I do it like that's how she was for me. I don't know how everyone else is but for me, that's how much gum was who else was there? Tim I'm forgetting so much. Oh miss Ena is so funny. Messina is the only teacher who I thought wasn't a teacher. You said his class. You would think somebody who just needed a job was handed a job and say hey, I need someone to teach English, you know, vocabulary teach English for me. That's exactly Who Athena was every day. We sat in there he put vocabulary on the board how to do definitions. He checked it. That's it. We had tests on stuff. We didn't even learn he read stuff half. The class wasn't paying attention. It was just it was an icky and that class remembers annoying but it was funny. So Missy know this misuse classes definitely kind of like a free period not really and you're the one thing is I had him. I think I had him first period sophomore year everybody and they mother came into that class. Gasps with food no matter how many times he went yellow how many times he would kick people out. It was the same people Amanda. She had now 9ye me. Um, I think it was robbed. We will all come in that classroom with food and there's because it was the first period we were hungry. We never even had like we were coming late and we still have food in our hands from Duncan and Duncan was spot in Mary's. Duncan's was always on the corner. Of the school. It's like you just walk down the sidewalk without and it was right there. Now given spot. Everybody was in Duncan that was a spot. We will go after there was a fight at the Chet at the chair, which is another that's another story which everybody would just go to Dunkin like after over you go out to school. Everybody was in Duncan. No I'm saying that was just the spot. Um, The Amazon memories in that school. Goodbye. I can talk about so many memories talk about Rob thought the bleachers. I've seen your year if you want to bring the tea for Gina and me of finance and the bathroom that was deadly there is something different. I was genuinely scared for both of them fighting there were so many toilets and bathrooms. I Regina look that out. I would never never I would never forget the look and for Gina's eyes when she looked at Mia Mia was like on other side of the bathroom because the way my back the bathroom is set up the girls bathroom. It's a long bathroom. So me it was at the end for Jim's at the like moving the other end for Gina looked at her like she was targeting her like she was a bull for Gina lowered her body and to a stance of a bowl and I said Oh shit. I guarantee you. I was so scared for me because if you look at Mia Mia can fight you can't fight but she's a very smaller than Virginia very small. So I was a little scared that Regina's gone killer I was scared. So when for Gina charge that her I had to turn away I heard of doing don't and I heard my ago. Oh shit. That's my look that Nia and I said, I got this bathroom, but I think I forgot somebody was standing in front of the bathroom covering it so I couldn't leave because it was just it was during lunch and was just like I left somebody can get caught. I was like, you know what I'm gonna turn around and not see anything but That fight was definitely funny. What other fights were there? There was a lot of fights. See I said there's a lot of fights around. I'm nothing like my memory is going blank. It's embarrassing but there's so much I remember Gary speech oh my God, Gary. Gary. Look pissed me off low-key with his little speech about truck thing that this meal that was another thing but he didn't he said let's make Mary's great. Again. It's something that was like I looked at him and said, but that's nothing. Um Pizza's pizzas that lunch line. Oh my God that loves shiny deadly. That lunch on I could not had a walk. It was like wrapped around there was and you know the seniors cutting through I wouldn't know if I decisions on so they were buddies fuck see you back them were huge compared to the seniors out. She is not like babies. I'm sorry, but the seniors back them. They look like they were in college for their third year like they were big So, of course I let them Starbucks but that mine was deadly because it was so long and like the food was good. The food was got a lot of people say it wasn't their best because they expect culinary stuff like you don't that the food was good. Like it was tolerable I'ma say time. That's the right word. but yeah, I remember the time that he's ran into Ana and Ana hit the lockers. That was it. Oh my God. Oh my gosh, that was so funny. When the teaser Brandon's her Anna. I didn't know what to say because stuff like that happens all the time. Like it just gets funnier. I remember I forgot his name. It was a it was a guy he punched the the mirror he got so mad he punched a hole in the mirror. That's why I knew I was like, I'm in the height and I'm in the wrong high school as we That you don't do that my freshman year. It was a fight between my freshman year whether it's awful and it was my nose. There was a fight between these three girls and I remember short little English teacher using mr. Pulido. He got elbowed Jake to the face falling back in slow motion. I that will never forget like that stays on my mind. Who was our history teacher? History teachers name. Oh my God. Mr. Morales key. I completely forgot his name. Oh, no mrs. Moravsky was definitely funny. I was a history teacher. He he's also many stories. But in that let's go back to the fight and the fight he you know, he's trying to separate everyone. I'm pretty sure he got hit too. But then I remembered it was like coffee or hot tea that was thrown and a hit Richard and somewhat hit my chin and I was just like yo, Like I was living because it was hot. So I remember I ran into the classroom because somebody was coming down the hall. I think it was. Mr. Acevedo. I used to call him as - avocado. We never try that but there's also males running down the hall trying to try and stop the fight. I'm in the classroom. Yeah. I'm not a witness. I don't want to be brought into the office. I want to be asked what's going on. We don't do that here. Don't do that ran into the classroom sat down. That's what I did. We had this thing where I know it was nicking Burger King. Where was like a divide? That was the first time the whole High School joined something like as an equal have fun. Like I think I was a made-up the rattlesnake. I still remember the handshake to his crazy, but it was out. Making bird gay and most of the people who I'm bringing already, but you know me I'm always around my gang always I would never never say I'm not but the funniest moment is when Frank walked into the hallway. Everyone's yelling Bergen Bergen birthday Frank walk into the hallway on the second floor and goes rattlesnake gang. You heard dead. Everybody got quiet. And if you know Frank Frank is huge. Everybody said oh, oh it's time to go that have the people switched over and I was like now you want to talk now you on top there was a big fight at the end of the hallway because of that. It was just really funny. And now I'm talking about my school my school sounds so bad, but it's okay. We had an activity period when we had to choose somewhere though, and it was like chess club homework. Activity like a board game or something. But if that was one of the best period like freshman year was probably the best year look like of school ever. It was probably the best besides my eighth grade year, but trust me. It was really funny. A lot of people cut that here. I was never the one to cut. I can't my mother would have killed me. But Helen people did cut that year and other people got caught. You do that and now it's time I'm talking about car. It's time to bring up the name the name that shall not be talked about. Mr. Kelly, I got to stop the music. Because you don't know how serious mr. Kelly was. Mr. Kelly blew my entire junior year You could not do anything without mr. Kelly walking up to you and asking you you think that's right. You think what you're doing is right. That's all I ever heard from him. I'm not saying he used to do that to me. I'm saying I heard that from everyone I started his office. He I don't he used to say he gave ISS ISS to everyone but it was never on the record never maybe for some of y'all don't know what y'all did but never on the record. I saw his office one time. Because I wore I think I wore my I didn't wear my sweater. It was something dumb. I didn't wear my sweater why I wore the wrong way. It was something he called my he called. He said girl whose girl have a name. I kept walking. I didn't know who he was talking to he goes you then turn around. I'm like me. He was like, yeah go into my office. I guess he got annoyed that I didn't turn around I think. To call me girl. I have the name sweetie. You don't do that over here were cultured and when we're in a culture Society because everyone by their name. He thought he I was like no, we don't do that. But yes, I had his office and really doing things he the homework or you just sit there. So I thought there was kind of like a free period so it felt good. Um, so I just sat there the whole time and I was it it wasn't I feel like high school was just very childish. Yeah, he's coming upset not even here. He was he was funny. But like there's so much about Mary's I can't talk about what I could talk about. It's just I can't remember every single memory. So bear with me. I'm trying to get everything out as I can. Mr. Duncan was very funny. One thing I could tell you about. Mrs. Duncan is that he's grip and grip is different. I shook his hand. One time he listed me up from my seat and I had to look at him in his eyes and I couldn't say it because of course, he's the VP. I didn't want to say it, but I was secretly telling him with my eyes to let me go. I was so scared. Sorry cut off. Um, yeah, I was I was saying Mary's is funny different. Um, it had a lot of problems grading was bad teachers just like I felt like it was half work like it was just how fast everything like nobody was really doing anything. I didn't really do work. For like some of the time I was there to say called College. I'm like teaching Myself by muscle. It was mostly like I was learning by myself, which is a shame because the tuition will come on high and I was just like what we have Colo there. Um, yeah, I can't wait to talk about marriage. Like we didn't have a lot of sports. Only twice me really how was basketball softball soccer. We got tennis. I seen you year and soccer was like, I'm pretty sure soccer was like only one year. We had baseball basketball softball softball around and off. Volleyball was Benedictine sounds like it was st. Mary's. It was like a connected thing. I don't know. Um, and that was about a they wouldn't have a lot Sports. We had bowling bowling. I never seen a bowling game. I never did the team. I never dared me and I wish I did but I just never did it that thought it wasn't like, you know, it wasn't easy but Yeah, it probably was a team. Not not good. But yeah, I don't think I'm Aries has his ups and downs only thing in my opinion. I like Mary's because of the people. It felt like a home and because of the people but the school itself like doing work and stuff. That's just bad curriculum. That's the word curriculum. not part of my vocabulary, but curriculum was bad to me could have been worse, but it was that um, Yeah, what else was that? Pretty sure I don't know what else to say. Really don't know what I said. Like I feel like if I chant like if I never once a Mary's I wouldn't have their experiences like I missed out on all the experience. I would have missed out on all the experience my friends Theodore now, I'm yay. Mommy. Damn it Janet. I would have missed out on everything. It was like I'm happy I went to school and I met the people who became a part of my everyday life. You know, that is so cheesy. Oh my God, I'm really a good friend and David who I'm still best friends with was there but I kind of know I'm like I met them David. Well, yeah me and David I came with me and David became stronger in high. But I originally I was best friends with him from over Elementary like got there in fifth grade graduate eighth grade. And then we went to high school together Hatsune definitely made a stronger because of certain situations between groups and I will not bring us but there were certain situations that made me and Theresa just all of them like we all got closer. I would never mention her name. I would never met a lot of people but that I do think mayor I do fake marriage. But yeah, I think that's all I'm going to talk about fit podcast today for the episode. Um, like I said Keep moving section really keep listening to every episode. Please please because like I said, I need an audience the reason why I say I need an audience because it's much easier interacting like of course when you're in the podcast, you're not really interacting with the audience your audience gets to you, but it's much easier to know that these people listening. You know, I'm saying you want I want not everyone does but you want people to be listening to be like, oh I want you to talk about this next time. li like it like I need improvements and I feel like the people listening can help with that but I just need people listen. So I promise you I am working hard on the podcast and I'm trying to improve like I said, the first season is to me it is it shouldn't be like that. But the first season to me is basically a test run second season season above I'm going to try harder. There's going to be some editing. It's going to be a lot of it's going to be pure but I wanted the first season. Be wrong to seems like I'm just talking you guys like as if he were saying in front of me. I feel like that's what podcast is about you listening and just engaging or whatever. I don't want it to be classroom like and I'm making a classroom like so whatever I'm done lecturing just follow follow my Instagram my world three underscores after my poetry page on Instagram for Endless words and the link for the Spotify will always be in the Bios. I'm on Facebook. My Hajj link will always be in the bayou. I'm literally everywhere. Just please listen, he's helping me and it makes me feel good that people are actually listening and tell your friends. Just please do it and you have to end this I like I said every podcast every episode I want to end with reading a poetry peace among so you can understand how I write. Okay, after 15 minutes of finding the Poetry piece, I picked um particular piece called Kali after my friend who died from my high school Mary's and I wrote a you know, I wrote about him the day after I heard the news so enjoy it's almost a routine. Eyes across the room staring. I knew something was wrong. Then the news broke. I lost another friend. It didn't matter if I knew him and it'll kind of person he was the kind of person who would walk past say hi and smile. I see that smile when I close my eyes. I see those eyes when I look up to the clouds. I will never forget those eyes. His smile because I'll see you in every person for the rest of my life Rest in paradise. That's Kelly wrote about it. Just picturing him with that makes sense. But yeah, I don't want to talk too much about that because it makes me sad so enjoy the peace and like I said follow me on Instagram follow everywhere and that is all for this episode. I'm sorry to end it on a sad note, but that is all. Keep listening my out.