Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so, you know, it's kind of nice that like we can have like something to like relate on for teens and like that we all like, you know know how to like do these dances and things on Tick Tock. So yeah, so do you guys know any other famous sounds or dances? Yeah. There's actually a lot more one of them. That's actually popular right now is cannibals. Oh God. Yeah. So Sophie hates that one but you know, it's actually it just depends on like what you like but takes all kinds a bunch of sounds to offer that like you can like make dances on which is really fun. So yeah, some of them you can just even use for like horoscopes and yeah, it's more do you guys ever post any know? I've never either but yeah, but they're still fun to learn. Yeah, it is similar and yeah show up at school. So some Tick-Tock sounds come from movies. These songs Etc. So like this one that comes from a movie called Friday after next and also, I don't know if you guys know the trend right now it's going on but like there's been this thing like called nerve or like he's like except challenge or like player washer stuff like that and it's kind of like a point of view challenge thing and that actually comes from a Netflix show. If you didn't know that that's you can watch after the college. Yes. So yeah, so tick-tocks can be very fun, but You think the comments affect the people making them? The people that get the most hey are usually people that bring up controversial topic Alex kind of like the most popular people to I feel like it a lot of like negative comments about them. Yeah, and I know that a few popular craters like Charlie has brought that out there and said that that it really affects them. Yeah. I also like Addison like people like that like they've had a lot of negative comments. I think like do you think it's because people are jealous or well, there's really no reason that some people getting it on like yeah, some of them some people like it's just They don't have the same view on certain topics, but I can see that as a jealousy. I didn't like and like with the - like do you feel like the people that have it like deserve it or I mean, so okay. So that's a little like sensitive. I mean, yeah, it is a sensitive topic. And so I mean you have to be happy for them. Yeah, they got really far. Uh-huh. So vo like also like it's kind of hard because you want to be like everyone wants to be Popular on Tick Tock but it's kind of hard to also appreciate like the people that actually have the hype. So yeah, but it's interesting to see like all the different like these about Tick-Tock for sure. So now kind of Shifting topics. I wanted to talk about how musically was really popular before. So do you guys remember that kind of when I was around? Yeah, it was launched in 2017 and I think I'm not quite sure where the story came from but I think it stems from the old app musically. Yeah, I think tick-tock. Kind of come from that like people have tried to like bring bring back Trends from that before I've seen but yeah, so I think take talk is really popular now, but like do you think it's more popular than Instagram and Snapchat? Like why is it I do think it is only because like a lot when you get into Tick-Tock, yeah, I'm really addicted. It is really addictive a daily thing for hours per day. Yeah. So looking at your screen time on your phone's how many hours do you think? You know used in the past week, so I am very addicted to take time. Yes. So so actually last week I spend daily average of huh, two hours and 53 minutes and my screen time for last week was 20 hours 13 minutes solely on Tick Tock and mine. My daily average is about 1 hour and 50 minutes today. I was on it for 44 minutes, but since it's a school day differently go on it that much but so yeah, I think Tick-Tock is Addictive for sure. Yeah, I'm normally on it a lot. But since the past two weeks, I've been really busy so I actually haven't been on it. Yeah, it gives you kind of something to do and once you get addicted it's hard to stop watching for sure's so maybe you don't go on it for 20 hours. I think if I shut it yeah, but it's very fun to watch. Yeah. And now for our next topic the hype house, so what are your guys has views on it? So the high pass is a place where a bunch of the most popular creators on that op go and they kind of just make tick-tocks together. They collab that kind of stuff. Yeah. So like it also kind of helps them to like deal with all that they're going through with the comments and like negative comments kind of helps all them get together to create like posts and stuff like that. I think I feel like a lot People unnecessarily hate on the high power. So where is it located? Like is it like a beachy or like mountains? Sure. It's near the beach I think but recently they went on a trip to like Hawaii. I'm pretty sure yeah a lot of them travel a lot. Yeah. So yeah, so can you name a couple of people that go to the hoop House Addison Ray and Charlie d'amelio also like little hidey. I think Alex and Ani. Yeah. There's a bunch of different people Tony Lopez Lopez. So how many people do you think go there and total probably a lot? Yeah. He's like, I think it's like 20 or more. Yeah, I think it's a good place so that they themselves can go and hang out form bonds with people without being like a tan or like about being like getting friends just because of their Fame and also like Charlie 2 million little heady are dating. So how do you guys feel about that? Honestly, it's hard to tell li like really mean or if it's just to like get viewers to let my followers Yeah, just animals another couple. I'm pretty sure in the hype house too. But also I also have another question. So Dixie did Molly do you feel like she gets like less hype because of her sister. Well, I feel like those two sisters were getting compared a lot. They sell them. So a lot of Dixie's devoted followers always constantly comment on her page about how much better she is than Charlie? Yeah, and they always they're constantly compared about which one's better. Yeah. I don't think that's Really good to think about I think it's just nice that both sisters get Fame from so to Charlie's original success and that must be really hard since they're sisters. Yeah, having one person, you know be really famous it be hard kind of like being the other sibling. So yeah. And now for our bloopers enjoy so as most of you know, Tick Tock has become a really popular app over the past few months. So do you guys have Tick-Tock on your phone? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so happy. So as most of you know, and this is it for a podcast on tick-tocks road to success and if you have any more content you'd like to for us to cover tell us and here's some of our favorite Tick Tock songs. You can listen to Champion sound yes.