Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokémon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in Us create exactly exactly around that time. Yes, pretty much. What do you say Manan? So before I continue anything, I would like to clarify Chhota Bheem is not an anime. Motu Patlu is not an anime. There are many people who actually come and ask me whether Chhota Bheem is an element. No, it's not. It's a cartoon anyway back to the topic. So in the first grade Beyblade was literally The Craze people didn't care about exams people cared about Beyblade Tournaments now in the first grade, what we used to do is We month we used to hold this monthly tournament which went on for a week and it didn't matter whether you had an original Beyblade or not. It would be 15 rupees 20 rupees. You can get anything that spins and just bring it there and play so it would even viewed be so resourceful that we would use erasers take a pencil nib break. It inserted inside the Eraser and then spin it people would use marbles also, so they were banned after a particular point of time. They banned anything that spins interesting interesting. So what we did was we became even more resourceful. Now what I did there is this our teeth Holly which comes which is in the shape of a Lotus leaf and has a day on the top attached. So it's top is kind of pointy. So I got it to school without telling my mom obviously, I woke up early that day when my mom was not in the room took it from the cupboard put it in my bag got it to school and he started playing with it and I was called. Okay Scott and the teacher took my Harley away put it on her desk and said you're not going to get it. The end of the day and we're going to call your parents. Now. My mom didn't know that stolen stuff from she didn't know that it was our Earth is Holly and plus I'd use it for Beyblade three things. I would be screwed. Yeah, it's the things we do when we are young here. Yeah and like pretty interesting the you you started off your you know, he started you open up by saying some things that anime some things are not now. It's genuine question. I've always had what makes anime different from a cartoon. Okay. So first thing anime is anything Japanese that is animated. So a Japanese cartoon is A cartoon do yeah, so that's why I want to know what it was a difference cartoons might not have a completely continuous story line. Every episode might say a different story. Okay. Yeah enemies have certain series of episodes saying the same story like it's an ark they have different seasons and each season has a certain number of episodes It's called Encore every mostly the big animes. If you talk about my hero Academia or Tokyo Ghoul they run for 1 or 2 cores now occur is a series of a Anime, which has 13 to 12 episodes. Okay. Okay interesting. So my rock. Adhamiya has 26 to 32 core seasonal anime. Okay fine. So I am don't you have in Beyblade stories from school? Actually I do so you said that Beyblades were banned, right? Yeah, same thing happened in my school. So I was studying in DPS. This was in 1st standard and every one of us had a Beyblade in my class. So we decided let's have a tournament. So everyone. Brought Beyblades from home. We join the tables together sat around it and started having matches. This was during the Reese's unfortunately our class teacher was walking by and saw this and she confiscated every beyblade she found and obviously mine was there and then it was like a mission impossible thing where we all had to run through obstacles to get our wavelet back from the class teacher. So those those were the fun times. You stole the Beyblade back from the teacher ER we took what was ours? Okay. Okay, fine political correctness. Well, okay. That's pretty interesting though. It just goes to show again. Like I said, no as kids. There are some things that really catch. I finally it's what our parents did also our pens also played it tops right? It's essentially the same thing but there's something about calling them Beyblades and having them like you notice hit each other. It was very very enticing when you kids. I don't I can't explain it but it was a feel. Yeah exactly. It was a feel it was a field like that. Yes, I'll agree pay blade was is definitely a It's nostalgic experience. But what about Transformers those robots were also the craziest back then? I remember when my dad bought me a robo for my second or third birthday and it still God's my library, which reminds me of Mecha anime is which are basically the anime equivalent of Transformers. So swayam. Do you have any idea how these epic fight scenes are animated? Yeah. So animation in anime is actually very interesting now why is because most of the animes are still hand drawn there either drawn on paper and then photograph or they're drawn on these plastic sheets called cells and then digitally scanned and then you have around 12 or 24 frames that is run quickly that shows you know, there's some movement now that is how usually animes are done but there are some cost-cutting measures that some companies take when they don't have enough budget and that is CG wait a minute. So CGI is computer generated imagery promote rural area. So that is used as a cost-cutting measure. Yes, because hand drawing actually takes a lot of effort a lot of manual labor and time make sense. Yes. So that actually is a very expensive process and then you digitally scan it and then there is like frames and then how you run it. So that's a really tedious job. So that's why that's why it's expensive but CGI comparatively is very cheap. So that's done for me. Making crowd images or maybe some dances in some idle animes. So for these kind of scenes the you CGI, but then they go back to hand drawing whenever possible because that is actually very good. If you see anime, it has a really good quality animation and that is boss made possible due to hand drawing. Yes interesting interesting. Yeah, so I would definitely like to recommend to anime for everyone Mecha anime. So the first one is code gives it has everything. Drama politics War Mega epic fight scenes everything fantasy. Yeah and also Evangelion. So everyone knows how an engineering College can be and if you want to be even a bit happier about your situation go and watch Evangelion. It's definitely related to existential crisis. Okay, it's not just I according to me it's not just the Mecha anime is or the Sean and action anime, which have the high budget animation softwares. It is also certain anime like Death Note it is so Gothic and Dark Yet. The graphic quality is so good. What do you think? So I am see you said Death Note right? That's one anime that everyone would say they've watched any person that you ask, you know, have you watched any anime one thing? This is Death Note now that actually made me wonder why is that not so popular and now that I think about it, I know the reasons so we have two characters main characters one is light. Who is this teenager who found this? Note book called The Death Note Now using death note, you can kill people you'd simply write their names and the way they want to die. That's it. So if a killer is running towards you I wouldn't dream of picking up a notebook. I would definitely run away. That's that's not the weapon. You would pick up first the you see Italy a notebook notebook and a pen but in in Death Note they took this simple notebook and made it into a weapon and then we have the opposite character L. Who is a really Smart Genius detective very quirky. Okay exactly with his skills. He tries to oppose and stop light from doing whatever he's doing even though he's only killing criminals the bad guys. That is he's acting like he's God L is still opposing him why because playing with lives is not good. So if I have to start a debate here as to are you on team l or team light? Where would that go? See? There is a grey line between who is good? And who is bad? Yeah, it's consumed or of Ethical or moral dilemma right managed to bring down crime rates by 70 percent which is definitely good people who are scared that if they commit a crime they're going to die. So it's basically like the way I look at it from you know from like literally an outsider perspective is this challenge is the idea that two wrongs make a right because it's clearly at what's happening, right? So there are at the same time there are certain seasons of anime, which have not lived up to the expectations of the fan. For example, the seven deadly sins season 3. Re the animation is downright horrible story is good. But the animation is not that good everyone who's watched at least one anime has watched just one anime movie which called keen on Ava or your name. The concept according to me is kind of unique at the same time. The animation is beautiful. So there is a particular picture of a comet being split into two and there is a lot of time warping and stuff there which is really interesting and the animation That is gorld absolutely gorgeous animation aside. Now what we just said about time warping and all that how technically are factually, correct. Is it do they do they delve into that? Maybe it's already present who knows people didn't manage to read that certain place on September 20th. Right? Right. Yes, II know we're talking about interest. Who knows maybe a Death Note is present in Area 51 at the same time taking the Naruto run and all aspects together. There are certain Technologies used in anime, which Are fascinating for example take my hero Academia. What are coax the entire anime revolves around quacks their genetic mutations exactly words exactly. So I would go as far as saying that a few centuries later shot superpowers will definitely exist. Let's be optimistic and say maybe a few decades. Okay. So the entire anime has so many interesting quirks. My favorite cook is definitely the Fire and Ice Todoroki who he's so overp. Hard, he's the strongest student in the school and plus he's really cool. There are other quirks like using a frog or using gravity. Yeah, and then there are like smashing things with just one single smash one punch. Yeah, and also creating things from lipids are that's the best that's actually the best and there is also a Coke for brainwashing someone else or hardening your body into steel using calories to boost strength and whatnot. It's just going creative there. So these scores can be a benchmark or kind of like a goal for futuristic research and I'm definitely sure a few centuries down. The line super powers are going to be ruling the world and looking into quirks and see genetic mutation isn't Tokyo Ghoul also like that. It is not exactly a genetic mutation of sorts. But yes, it is kind of like that because in the Tokyo Ghoul World there are two types of people humans and Ghouls and ghouls basically have superpowers and regenerative abilities to Google is a type of genetic mutation for sure because it basically deals with sophisticated cannibalism people gain regenerative power superpowers and advanced martial arts techniques and all the while they strive for justice in the world, which reminds me even Fullmetal Alchemist should be a kind of genetic mutation, right? Yeah. It has the name Alchemist in it. They work with different kinds of elements and they also have these taboo kind of topics which if they explain properly the reasons why they are taboo and you know, why you can't bring people back from the dead and why you shouldn't, you know play with things, you know play with the nature as they are these interesting Concepts. They've explained it so beautifully in that anime it is so interesting to see different kinds of takes, you know, you see Hollywood, you know, they have one kind of take on certain things and then you see like anime and other you know, And they have so many creative mind sets. So creativity is not just limited to Hollywood movies Interstellar and all their definitely awesome. But reach other regions in the world also have some beautiful Minds for example anime is it can be an inspiration? Yeah. I think it's true now get in we started off with you asking us to educate you about anime. What do you think about it now? Yeah, I did learn a lot. Actually I walk into the episode not owing a lick about anime and right here. I am having a good different perspective on it rather and you know, I might even hop on a couple myself. I hope our listeners did too because it's was real pretty interesting experiences episode and on that note. I'd like to come to the end of episode five of the program podcast. This marks the end of season one and stay tuned for more where the something that we just started off new and it's caught on. I had a lot of fun hosting it with whoever else was here with the variety of topics and hopefully season to hold something bigger and better. And as of uploading this episode, it is March 2nd 2020, which leaves us with ten days ago for Prague on India's largest techno manager celebration and be there at Prague and I it Richie we celebrate technology. Thank you.