Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was better than anybody else, but they didn't see less as they daddy. Any product I come out with they buy it because they feel like you raised me the least I could do. It's been 25 dollars with you. Does that make sense? So we're not looking at competition as if something come on. We're not looking at competition as it's something. We're looking at competition and something so don't be afraid of your competitors and do not compare yourself to your competitors because you'll never be as good as they are and what they do. But you could be good at being loud. I could be good at being energetic. Does that make sense? All right, let's go. All right, in order to achieve greatness. You must first believe you can. I got 17 minutes. Look if I would have Eric said you can't talk about nothing else for the next 17 minutes. This is the most important one. Because for some of you the reason why you're not taking advantage of this opportunity is not because you don't believe in it you don't believe in you. Come on, y'all gotta catch. Come on. Come on. You got to catch this one. I got 60 Minutes. I gotta catch this one. You gotta catch this one. I honestly believed in the early part of my career when I used to stand on these kind of stages I wasn't as effective as I am now because when I was first introduced to do something like this, maybe 500 people a thousand people I literally would come in the room and as gifted and his talented as I was even though I belong and I had everything I needed to do I would walk in the room and feel like I'm not I don't it's not it's not my room. I don't belong in this room. I remember same gift. The videos had already been out. My numbers were great. And I would come in rooms and go like that room like I go to high school like boom I go to a youth detention center. Boom. I go to a prison. Boom. I come to corporate and go. I don't know if I belong in here. Everybody in the room don't look like me. They don't come from where I come from. I don't know if I belong here and I'll never forget I'll never forget. I had a conversation with Les Brown Les. Brown had called me to Orlando. We sat in the hotel and I left and I started talking to less and I start naming like yo you Les Brown this person number one in the world. He said don't you ever say that again? I said don't say what he said you the best in the world right? Now. I said what he said you the best in the world right now, there's nobody as good as you in the world. You're the best right now the only Using your not the best right now because you don't believe you the best now and when you walk out this room, I want you to go in the mirror. I'm the best right now. He said before you even become number one start to Proclaim it and say it long before happy say I'm the number one motivational speaker in the world. And when I was number 20, I start saying I'm the number one motivational speaker in the world, and I went to the computer. In the world said exactly what I said that Eric Thomas is number one in the world. I spoke it the world heard it and it activated your problem is that you don't believe you belong here. Your problem is that you don't think you should be sitting down here. Listen to me very closely. You've got a man in a family has been doing this for over 30 years. You've got a program that's tried-and-true you have individuals that have proven it could be done. The only reason you sitting up there is because you don't believe you belong down here. I'm going to say it one more time. The only reason you're up there is because you don't. when I believe that my voice was needed in this world when I believe that I needed to be on the stage not for myself, but to speak to a group of people who come from where I come from a working-class who don't know what it's like to make millions of millions of dollars who don't understand what wealth looks like that I needed to come in the room with a single pair of mother would have father not in my life be a homeless and a high school dropout only somebody who comes from where you come from can tell you you belong and I had to get my butt on stage. Because there's some folks that Les Brown can't reach. There's some folks that Tony Robbins can't read that some folks that only I can reach and so I need to be on the stage with them doing what I was calling to do there those of you still up there because you don't think you belong in that million-dollar home. Look I'll never forget when I first told him. I was moving to California. I was putting my wife my wife deserves to be out of the winter in Michigan. She deserves that I remember they said ET you moving to Cali. I was like, yeah, they said what was the first thing they said, you know how expensive California's I said, it can't be too expensive as millions of people that live there. My crew and I moved it won't be like five of us in California. There are 5 human beings. My is a lot of people live in California. It can't be that expensive. Are you selling your home and Michigan? I said no. Why would I do that? How can you afford to homes? How can I not my wife has Ms. How can I not she wants to be with her family in the summer and she wants to be in the warm in the winter. How can I not be bicoastal? I won't be the first one as a matter of fact, there are some people who own three and four homes. So we got one there one there. And now I'm looking at the French Riviera as my next spot we talked about the French Riviera baby. That's my next spot is the French Riviera. I'm gonna have a house somewhere close to your neighborhood and boom. Listen to me very closely. If I had one message to leave you with that's a game changer is you need to start to believe? Yeah, what write this down? No, no, do me a favor. Don't say that. Don't say you believe don't do that. Don't do that. Don't sit. Look. It's not a behavior that I'm looking for is some mindset. No. No, here's the problem. You can't have as powerful as the human mind is it cannot think two thoughts at once? So here's what I need you to do you get with these people down here and you need to reprogram your mind. All right, let me tell you why I'm saying that so I got a friend of mine like he sees how I treat my wife, right? So like I was homeless High School Dropout, so anything like if DD thinks that I'm gonna get it for I cook. I clean like we are a partnership like we do everything together and so my boy watched the response I was getting from my wife as I wash clothes. As I cook as I am and I'll never forget my boy was like I'm about to do that and I was like, I wouldn't do that if I was you. He's like no, I'm gonna start doing that as like I wouldn't do that if I was you. He didn't understand what I meant. But what I meant by it is you're going to do it, but you're not going to be able to do it consistently because you're mimicking my behavior. Not my thought process. See you going to stop ironing clothes because somewhere in your mind you think your wife is subservience. See somewhere in your mind. You think your wife was born to take care of your needs? I'm not saying there's nothing wrong with that. I'm just telling you can't do what I do with that mindset like you can't believe because so now you gonna start on and clothes and the people in your culture going to say, what are you hunting clothes for? That's a woman's job. See, I don't have a problem when people tell me I'll never forget I was on the floor in an apartment we had and I was mopping the floor on my knees and my boy came in as like what are you doing? I was like, I'm mopping the floor. You never seen a bite wipe the floor. He was like not on your hands and knees I was like, yeah, my wife is a neat freak. So I gotta get on my hands and whatever he was like yo, bro you went I was like, you ain't know that what you trying to embarrass me. You just found out I was with bro. He was like, yeah you with I was like is that I see that as a compliment. Which bro when I was homeless and living in abandoned buildings, my girl was sneak me into her crib when I did have a job. She would give me her allowance and 15 when I went to college. She was the one that said go get your GED and follow me to college, or I'm breaking up with you. When I started my speaking career. She was the one that got her job first as a nurse and we had health insurance in the first house. We bought my credit was so messed up. She couldn't take my last name. She bought the first house with her credit. What do you mean about? Yeah, I'm whipped and loving it. I'm about to buy me a shirt that said whipped. So you ain't even gotta ask me. Are you hearing what I'm saying? I worship the ground she walks on because she been there for me since day one. So you can't you can't mimic what I'm doing if you don't think like I think I look at my wife as a queen you look at your wife as your servants. You can't you is nothing wrong with that. It's nothing wrong. If you guys have those roles. It's nothing wrong with that. I understand that I've been with my wife my whole life all of My Success. I can't even divorce her because I don't know. What's my eyes and what's hers? Like I never accomplished anything on my own you're not hearing what I'm saying? So there are those of you who want to make mimic their behavior. It's not their behavior you need. It's their mindset that you needs. It's the way they think is what you need and when you begin to think the way let me say this to you and it's gonna it's gonna be weird for my working-class people. I actually worked harder when I worked. I know I got a GED I'm so simple if you like it go right over your head. I'm gonna say it to you one more time. What I make in an hour now presentation. I actually worked harder when I was working. Okay, one more time. I felt it was hit a couple of y'all upset some of y'all your you have been in the working-class your whole life. You miss what I just said. I actually work more hours worked harder and got less money when I used to work. Now that I have a wealth mentality. I just had a promoter call me to do some stuff and another country. It was like a couple hundred and I'm like, I'm good, bro. He was like no. No, I did you hear how much I said my man couldn't believe I was telling him. No, he was like, how can you say no that you hundred thousand? I'll say cuz I'm an ATM machine. I'm wealth. I don't work for money. I think up money. Okay, I'm gonna say it one more time. I don't work for money. I think of ideas and make money.