Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email. Do you want to talk to sue you want to know more about her story? Let me know we can make that happen now grab a cup of coffee sit back and enjoy getting to know. Mrs. Wells. I mean Langford, I mean Whitman just a little bit more. I'm not gonna lie. Mrs. Whitman. I have been incredibly excited for this interview because there are a lot of teachers in here that I deeply respect and appreciate but I absolutely love you and you have had an incredible impact on my life so I don't care if we go over the 20 minute Mark. Okay. Alright, so I'm ready. I'm excited. Are you guys ready to hear from? Mr. Goodman? So they have been fired up when I told them that are appointed guest had to back out on us and I told them that you were graciously filled in I heard many things like yes, awesome. She's so cute. I can't wait to hear. I can't wait to hear her story that I asked him. I'm like, have you ever heard mrs. Whitman story and very few of them have gotten to know the real mrs. Whitman, but Kind of ease into that so I let me just Begin by asking you. How long have you been teaching here at Tommy's High School? I started I actually did my student teaching here right out of college and then I taught for two and a half years and then I took 12 years off to stay home with my kids and then I came back. So altogether. I'm looking at right around 29 years. I started teaching when I was 10. Just so you know do the math. Yep, just like my wife celebrates our 29th birthday. Every year is very nice. And you know what? The crazy thing is is a few boys over there in the front row are actually I see their fingers wiggling. They're like wait, I'm trying to do you think she's right. She was 10 weight standards for teaching of change, right? But what was your motivating factor to become a teacher? Honestly it started when I was little I have a brother who is 10 years older than I am. So I basically was raised as an only child so I had to entertain myself and so I would line up my dolls and I would hold school with them, but then my brother became a teacher mainly because he wanted to be a coach and so he didn't really want to do some of the teacher stuff like grading papers. So when he was 22 23 and teaching I was 12 or 13, so he would bring the papers highwomen. And give them to me to grade and so I would I can remember laying on my stomach on the floor of my living room with a red pen. You know the fire color. Yeah, and I'd be grading the papers for him. And I thought this is fun little little did. I know it's really not but so yeah with especially when they took the red pen away, right? Oh, I still use the red. I'm still good with it. I throw in a purple or a green every now and then but yeah. Yeah, that was that was my main reason was I saw him doing some teaching things, but I think it was just always a part of what I wanted to do. I mean when I went to college there was no multiple changes or anything. That was just what I wanted to do and I love school when I was in school. I didn't want to leave High School. I loved it absolutely loved it. I mean, this is how bad it was the principal of my high school came to my wedding five years later and I had Really stayed in contact with them all that much, but my dad would see him every now and then and so he Martin Chapman was the principal at Garfield High School when I was there and he came to my wedding. So, you know, if you guys wanna invite house feel free well, We might have to do that, right, you know, I'm sitting here thinking about the all the teachers in this building when I went around did this little teacher grab bag during parent-teacher conferences last night and the teachers that Drew the the the question about what influence you to when did you decide to become a teacher the number of teachers who have known that they've had that calling on their life since they were 10 or 11. I didn't I hated school and it's at the thought of becoming a teacher when I was in school or even First couple years in college never even crossed my mind, you know till I had a whole mind shift which I will share with my class later, but it's just amazing. How you knew you knew that's where you recalled and you clearly have been very effective judging from the responses that we got from these kids and some of the other things I'm going to tell you that they said here at A Moment Like back to your point. I can't picture you doing anything else but this because you were so good at it and such a natural and It feels like it just kind of rolls out of you. So I can't imagine you doing I can't imagine anything. I will let you know if it hadn't been for teaching and my wife I probably would be in a cardboard box somewhere where you know behind every good man as a better woman and she clearly prompted me to become the best version of myself and continues to do. So, what was your favorite class in high school? Really really government government sees it. Well, that's a shock, right? Yeah. How about some history and government I can still name teachers that were so influential and just a short story. I happened. This was probably golly 20 years ago. I was sitting at Wally Waffle when it was back over in the old place and I'm sitting there. Look over and at the booth across the way from me was my high school government teacher who I worshipped. I mean, I just loved her and I sat there and I started sweating and I thought oh my gosh, it's Miss Hilary not Hillary Clinton was Miss Hilary and my husband said why don't you go go say something to her eye. So I can't all of a sudden I was back in high school or you know, and I was nervous. Because this was my teacher in like she's on a pedestal and she's out in public, you know, it's like in my neighborhood and so he said no you have to go in and I just sat there and I put my head down and I thought she is the reason why I do what I do and he said you have to go tell her he said how do you feel when somebody tells you that? Yeah, I do. I need to go over so I walked over and please if you ever see it. Teacher years after you've been in school, please introduce yourself. Don't say hi. Do you remember me? Because we do we remember faces a lot of times but names don't always come really easily and I went over to her and I said Miss Hilary and she went. Whoa, you just dated yourself because she must have gotten married and changed your name, you know, and all of that and I said, yeah, I had you at Garfield High School and she said, okay, give me a minute. Let me see if I can come up with a name. She wanted the challenge. And she did I know I was pretty stoked that she pulled it out of her. Yeah, she did and I had a chance to tell this woman how I was doing what I absolutely love doing because of her. Wow, and she got tears in her eyes and gave me a big hug. And and I just it was that was a gift to me to be able to do that. So that was that was a highlight moment for sure. When you hear back from former students that really is that that's the bonus check, isn't it is The bonus check I just I just got a Facebook message yesterday from a student that graduated 20 years ago. He's been 16 years in the military and he's serving in Germany right now. He's career military and he wrote me this beautiful message of that. He was so thankful for my impact in his life and mentoring him and encouraging him and was nothing huge but it was the fact that he took the time to do that just meant the world. Well, those little positive pieces of affirmation are important to file away, aren't they? I think really are I have a whole folder that I have that when I'm having a bad day and I'm just not feeling the flow or you know, you're dealing with one of the many issues that we have to deal with in the classroom and in the hallway and in education and I feel just not my best. Yeah, I'll pull that out and just read and I'm reminded of what an impact we have. I was listening to a podcast the other day and Gentleman, His Name Escapes me that his Drew read I think was his name this Dynamic teacher. He talked about how every single day that you're in the classroom as a teacher every kid listens to every word that you say and you have the opportunity to plant something inside of them that they'll remember for the rest of their life. And that's what you know, you're what was her name again miss Hilary Miss Hilary did for you and it brought back instant memories. Yeah, and it impacted your whole path. So you're speaking of your path your path through life has been an interesting one a little bit. It's been a source of inspiration to me every time I get to hear it, but I don't think a lot of students know about some of the trials and tribulations that you've been through. So I think maybe I'll begin by asking you this question. You can go whatever Direction you want. But why don't you tell us about your husband? Which one? Well, where would you like to begin? Yeah, okay, and I'll do the Reader's Digest condensed version. I married my high school sweetheart and it was we were the Ken and Barbie which isn't really a good analogy because I'm not anything like Barbie, but he and I served in our church together and we just had started dating when we were in high school, and it was wonderful and we were For 25 years and one day he came home and said I'm in love with someone else and I want a divorce. I said, okay so went through that and my children my youngest was going into his junior year of high school and my other two were in college and so I didn't have little ones and it was one of those things that was just you hear about people that are blindsided by this and I truly was blindsided didn't have a clue so fast forward a couple of years later I met this Wonderful bad boy on a motorcycle named Danny and Danny and I mr. Horner met him. Danny was the polar opposite of me and we met and went and dated and he had three girls and I had three kids and we got married and can I interrupt for a second and she wrote on a back of a motorcycle many many times. I I saw that can you imagine biker chick? I have black leather leather jacket will throw them up on this and let me back pedal because when I was going through my breakup with my husband first husband, I was diagnosed with a brain tumor and those of you that have been in my class know about that. It was not malignant, but I still had to have brain surgery. And that was happening at the exact same time all of this other stuff was happening. And you know, what's amazing about that? I don't know if I ever told you this but that's when I first was moved to the high school. So I actually came up when you were out and I was you know talking to some of the other teachers here and they're telling me that you know, you're in the midst of this trial, you know through this trial with your with your husband and the separation and then you have this brain tumor and whole time I'm like, who is this woman? And how is she handling? All this I remember, you know, and I'm not going to lie at that time. You know, I was like, I don't know a lot about Sue but you know, I was praying for you and I was wishing the best for you anxious to meet you. But that's where I kind of came in and first met you when you came back of all that and I'm glad you said that because for me that period of time really my black hole of memories is from 2002 to 2007. That's when all of this was happening. Oh and my Both my parents died when then within that time period as well and I had been caring for both of them. I don't remember when you came to the high school, but that's because it was within that whole of time and it's I don't know if that's a protection for somebody when they're going through trauma like this that you just kind of become numb to anything else. But for me, it's like I it's like all of a sudden you just appeared and it's like when did you start here? So anyway I go back. and and Danny my second husband was only 48 just had turned 49 years old and he was on his bicycle not the motorcycle, but he was on his bicycle a beautiful day in May and he wrote into our neighborhood and wave to our neighbors and fell over and died of a massive heart attack and So within a span of this time this had happened and then God in his sense of humor said, oh, let's try this again. And so my current husband my last husband and I say that jokingly but not because I say that to him as well David and he's wonderful and the rock star he is and he's so different from the other two and so it's kind of funny because if you ask mr. Householder he got very Frustrated with me early on because he could never remember which last name to call me. And so he just now he just says Hey doesn't worry about last names. Well, it would probably be a good thing to run through the three names because we're going to have alumni who are going to be listening to this and they're gonna be like me who's mrs. Whitman is that you know, but I've had a couple of students where they come in and they say my my dad said he thought he had you but then the last name is not right, but the description fits And I said well, how old is he? Oh, I would have been Wells back then and then for the middle time period I was Langford and now Whitman so you got the wells era. Yeah Langford. Where do you fall? And so that that's unbelievable. Tell us a little bit about you know, Dave he's got an interesting profession and he is just one of the greatest men. I know I've Loved meeting him and Spending time with him tell us what he does, which is kind of cool. He started out as a as a children's Pastor years ago before I knew him, but currently he hangs out with people like Snoop Dogg or Kevin Love or whoever he chases celebrities and athletes and collects autographs and then sells it on eBay as his business. And so we've yeah, we've had some fun going to lot of good shows. And meeting different people and I've seen Bruce Springsteen. He did I do you guys even know who Bruce Springsteen is? Okay? Yeah. Oh there's hope for this generation. Everyone looked at us like we were insulting he did he went to New Jersey and and had this meet and greet opportunity with him and Dave said Bruce. I've Loved You Forever. Can I give you a kiss and Bruce said whatever you got. Do man it was on the cheek and this lady that was taking pictures. That was one of the people at the signing. They jokingly Bruce said to this woman get it right the first time. I'm not letting him do this again, and she was laughing so hard she didn't get the picture. He let him kiss him again. He called me he was giddy. I said David you don't get this. Us excited when I kiss you what is wrong with me. So how many years ago was that because all I know is every time that it's the anniversary of it. It pops up here e posted on Facebook. Yeah, you know proud moment, you know, he's always Repose. Yeah, so you've chased a lot of people with them. Who's the the coolest person you've ever met. I mean, I know you meet a lot of celebrities, but which one like you were just okay, they're not going to know who this is Joe Namath. Oh Joan, a Joe Namath was a phenomenal quarterback for the New York Jets years ago Broadway Joe Broadway Joe and he we Google it. We chased him at Akron Canton Airport. He was coming in and we happen to be babysitting at the time. I had my probably 18 month old grandson on my head. You guys are hardcore. I know right but he's a great prop because that's true. Uh-huh. Only way. You could be in the back in the old days. You don't get Tiger Woods. That's right, then. Yeah, you were a kid. Yeah, and and Joe comes through the Concourse at the airport and there were probably 25 30 people all men and me and a toddler and they're coming through an Aries coming through and everybody's going JoJo will you? Sign Wayside. He said nope not going to sign. He wasn't signing for anybody. I said Hey Joe, would you sign one for my grandson? I had a I had a New York just mini helmet and he turns around and he says yeah, I'll do it for the kid. I was the only one that got the autograph. Yeah, the autograph did not go to the grandchild. It went to Grandpa to be it's an heirloom. It will be passed down. That's right. No. I won't so that's awesome. Anybody else any other memorable meetings James Taylor? Okay. I really like James Taylor Paul McCartney from Beatles drove by these are more old school, you know, the current ones they have such tight security that they're harder to get to and so yeah I Dan Marino quarterback we chased Peyton Manning but didn't get him. I love the Sports Guy's he my husband's more the music and I love the Sports Guy's. Yeah, I one time my wife and I chased Bon Jovi with them. So we went up to see Bon Jovi in Cleveland. And then we waited around to the early hours of the morning trying to trying to chase down Bon Jovi Because that's the only person I think in this world. My wife would leave me for ya - Bruce days would live me for Bruce. That's funny. The only person we met was like that the guy hit the head of security we couldn't I mean it was they had all these hidden elevators in the hotel and all this other stuff. Well, I do have to go back for my government students Martin Sheen president Bartlet from West Wing. I'm yeah. Well, I mean I'm thinking Sports and music but yeah Martin Sheen I'm thinking you should be getting some royalties because you and The West Wing you've got this whole new audience my daughter came home. Home and she told me I'm going to binge watch The West Wing. Oh, yeah. She like I'm gonna watch the whole series so good like I watch it with you Netflix all seven seasons. Yeah, it's on there, but that's awesome. So as a teacher, do you have a most embarrassing moment that's taken place maybe in the classroom when we can even go into what's your most embarrassing moment ever? Embarrassing moment. Let me think. There's just so many things wrong. Well, it wasn't necessarily embarrassing. But when I think back on it, I think oh, I'm not overly proud of it. You guys know who Paula Abdul is? Okay. Well, this was back at the old building and this was when I was going through my divorce and one of the things that happens when trauma hits like that is Sometimes people lose a lot of weight it true, you know stress and just all of that and I had dropped a lot of weight. Not that I had a whole lot to lose, but I was pretty skinny and we were doing for a pep assembly. We were doing an American Idol kind of thing and they asked me to be Paula Abdul so I is this on YouTube and I don't think so. I don't think so. I rocked a black wig black leather pants. What I call hooker shoes. That's probably not appropriate. I'm so sorry. Um, you can editor you referencing Joseph Hooker from the Civil War as a Civil War veteran. You're in history classroom. Well done these these really high shoes and and I looked good, but I just when I look back at that time, I thought oh that was not because I was walking down the aisle the the hallway and nobody recognized me because it was so not me and I walked in and it was probably halfway. Through the the skit that we were doing that Bob Giles who unit mrs. Giles ex-husband. He taught he looked at me and he finally went Wells is that you didn't even know it was me. That's how yeah, so I don't know that's embarrassing but it's kind of like, oh, it's not my greatest moment, but I did look good. Well at least well, at least there's no footage on YouTube of that know like there's footage of me. Mr. Taylor and me lip-synching High School Musical. Oh, I did not know. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, we won the lip-synching contest, which I don't know you probably block that period of time out as well. I tried to till somebody it resurfaced. I'll have to tell long ago. Okay. Yeah. Well, no, absolutely. You've seen it. You're going to oh boy. We're all going to be searching it tonight, right? So I want to get it to a couple questions here about what's impacted you throughout your life. You have an influential book something that you know, what book would you say has impacted you significantly? Okay. I come from a lot of different angles. I mean for me my faith is very important to me. So the Bible is like number one and then some other books that kind of came along with that. There was a book that was written a number of just a couple of years ago. Go Called Love does and the author is popped off and it really talks about it's not it's not a book that you're constantly having to reference Bible verses or anything. It just really talks about loving people when they're hard to love and and sometimes students are hard to love and sometimes teachers are hard to love and so you just it was a book that made me look at things a little. Italy and then another book that is a book. I have read numerous times and given away is called the art of racing in the rain and it it's some of you have heard of it or read it or saw the movie. The movie was just out. It's just a sweet book that talks about how you how you view life and how you adjust to things when you're in the midst of it. Wow. Well, I might have to run it this weekend. Yeah, it's a it's a good one. I'm a big Bob Golf and his book everybody always really impacted me and it's the same. It's the same theme. Yes, you know, you got to put everybody ahead of yourself always, you know, we're here to serve we're here to love. We're here to Value people. We're here to find the value and people and help people find their purpose. And so when I read that I mean I that jumped up to my top five. Yeah for sure. Yeah and love does is it ever? He always is a continuation of the same Concepts. So it's just more examples of it. For those of you who don't know who Bob golf is he's just that he's extraordinary and what's really amazing about him is in the back of the book. He puts his personal phone number and he's like call me and he'll pick up don't text him. He won't text you but he'll pick up if you call them, which is really tried texting him because we just did a study of the everybody always book and so my husband didn't want to call him so he texted him. And we forgot that he doesn't answer text but he will pick up the phone and he sets up an office one day a week minimum at Treasure Island at Disneyland in California. He's a lawyer and so that's where he holds his meetings. Yeah, that's pretty cool. That's pretty cool. Do you have a life quote I do and it's all different versions, but it's basically when God gives you storms learn to dance in the rain and It's just kind of when you're in the middle of something. That's hard. You got to look for the rainbow. You got to look for the way to get through it. And that's just kind of with everything that I've kind of walk through. That's the thing that I've looked at is. Okay. Yeah, it's hard. Yes. It's a struggle. Yes. I don't know how I'm going to get out of bed tomorrow, but I'm going to try to find a positive in this so I learned to dance in the rain. Hmm. So this morning I had a conversation. or Sation, excuse me with that with the young lady who has weathered more storms than she should have ever had to and I get a little emotional talking about this side. I cry easy. So we were talking I'm like, you've got to meet mrs. Whitman. She's like, well I had mrs. Whitman in class. She's pretty cool. I think we're cool. I said but you got to meet mrs. Whitman, you've got to hear her story so that you know that there's hope that you know that you can persevere and you can push through whatever adversity adversity it is that you're facing which is why I'm so thankful. And I don't think it's ironic that I would have that conversation today and that our guests would back out and that you would be here. All right, that's just not coincidence. All right, that's there's purpose and meaning behind this interview. So I'm very very thankful that you are here. Well, I'm going to tell you this when you were standing out in the hallway you were speaking quite loudly. Okay. Yeah, I don't know if I'm allowed to say this but you were loud enough. You said it loud enough that we all heard it. So I think we can say it in here. But you mentioned that retirement is looming. Oh, yes. Okay. You're like, oh my gosh. What did I say? She's like so paranoid when I say I want you to know that when you said that across this room, there was a ripple effect and it was she's retiring. No, she can't retire. We can't return even Alexis was like what what I want my kids to have her. Yeah, no unless you've got four already at home and you will be the next interview that we could but I think that that is truly reflective of the impact that you've had on. So many people I think you are extraordinary. You are certainly a person of influence and my life and in the lives of so many people here. Sorry, and I love you. So thanks for being here. Thank you for giving up for our guest.