Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing.I didn't write it. I am truly overjoyed and just overwhelmed with emotion episode 2. We are here. How are y'all feeling who last week was a week? I think every week for me in 2020 has been a week. That's just do 2020 over because 2020 has been a fucking year already and it's only fucking February like it's crazy. So everybody does listening. I just want to extend some motivation to you because I just feel like it's necessary. I just felt like this is the proper episode to do it because motivation inspiration is the energy to Vibe. So who last week was the week for me? My Mi vibration was low. Like I just I was in a low place like and I know you probably really couldn't even tell on episode one because I'm asking so well, and I think a lot of That's what we do. We Mass where we going through and we kind of got to put on this game facing this poker face. Just so you know appease the public but you know last week my energy was just not in the right place, but I pulled it together because you know, I got a lot of things that I got to do. I got shit to do. That's my motto you got shit to do. I don't know who that was for but you got shit to do and this is not to say that you can't be upset. You can't feel what you're going through. But you kind of got a Philly and you got to pick up the pieces and keep Keep it fucking pushing because if you don't make it happen, so yourselves. Nobody's gonna make it happen for you. You sitting around mad at the fucking world the fucking world. Don't give a fuck about you. So pick your head up stick your chest out and pull your shit together because you got shit to do. Oh, I work and I feel like I'm overworked and underpaid and I was just throw that out there. So for my fucking boss does listening. I'm overworked and underpaid okay. Okay. I'm already so I'm already out of breath and it's great. So they're not way up Buck 11 and I am out of her if I need to get my vitamins. I'm an ER see that's horrible. I fucking hurts and my energy usually is terrible but I drink water all the time constantly drinking water. So drink your water, but no, oh speaking of being a nurse anybody does listening that wants to be a nurse. Let me tell you the check and work, dude. Let me be the first to tell you do not get any shit for a check. It's not worth it. We make a pretty penny. Okay, I will not see here and do not add we make a pretty penny. However the stress that you endure from the I don't know if you're a good nurse. Like if you're doing it for a chain and you don't care about a lot of shit, but when you are compassionate and you are sympathetic and you empathize with your patients and you get in there, and you care about them people for real, they stress become yellow stress and basically what I'm telling you is don't go through nursing school, which is probably one of the most stressful things and fucking world. Do not go all the way through nursing school for a check. It ain't worth it. I'm telling you that W gonna be like fuck this many. Fuck it, because it's crazy. So like I was saying anybody that's interested in being a nurse. So I'm an LPN. Let me start there. I am a LPN and I take pride in it because don't let nobody tell you that you less of a nurse because you not. Oh aren't you know what I'm saying? You go to school you work hard you get a license just like anybody else you work for a check just like anybody else and the one common goal that we all got as LPNs STNA saurians are ends with an associate's degree with a bachelor's or Master's whatever the common goal is to Improve the quality of life of these patients. So don't let nobody tell you that you less of a nurse. Don't let nobody tell you that you not really a nurse do it. However, you got to do it cause I'm gonna tell you something when I was when I became a nurse a big part of me wish that I would have been a STNA first because you have a different type of appreciation for those rows when you have been in their shoes me personally. I have never been a STNA so I didn't understand their position I didn't Stand there row. I didn't understand their stress and I think that you know, it's levels to it. I think you know, I commend people who get out of high school and go straight to school get a four-year Nursing degree. However, you feel like you got to do is what I'm saying. Everybody journey is not going to be your journey. However, I do think that people need to experience, you know, the Every level to be able to appreciate it. When you when you do get to the top. I believe that and I think that if you're interested in becoming a nurse and you truly honestly are into it and you in it, I think that is something that you should do. I think that you know what I'm saying. I'm a be the first to tell you that it's not easy but don't give up. I felt I cry. I screamed I kick idea all of that. You know what I'm saying? I was at the very end. I started with a group of people and I didn't finish with those people and I'ma tell you why because of me. And when you a school and you let an outside shit throw your focus off and you laying outside. She just had you so distracted and so fucked up you are going to be held back in a number one thing that you got to do is hold yourself accountable because it's not on anybody else, but true everybody in life goes through life. You are not exempt but what you got to do is you got to get your shit together. You got to really focus and you got to be dedicated to this ship because this shit is not for the weak. It's not it takes a very special person. Soon to be a nurse. It takes a very special person to be in the medical field period but nurses especially you know what I'm saying? A lot of times you want I'm saying STNA spent a majority of their time with the patients and then you got nurses who spend majority of days over the nurses and you got nurses who spends time with the patient is more than a doctor's you get what I'm saying? So You have to be it is not for the weak. It's not in. So if you any for play play don't even get it at all because one thing that you cannot do is be out here playing with people eyes. So that's what I'm going to tell you. And I'm going to also be the one that also tell you that you can do it. You can I went to Bowling Green for three and a half years. I went to Bowling Green for three and a half years. My major was a Bachelors of Science in nursing. My minor was Spanish. I was going to be a bilingual nurse. This was my Listen, I was gonna be a bilingual nurse. I was supposed lucky. Let me tell y'all something I was supposed to go to Bowling Green for one year. I was supposed to move to Atlanta with my high school boyfriend. I was supposed to go to Clark Atlanta. I was supposed to be a Delta. I was supposed to do all of this sheet, but I'm going to tell you how life work out live don't always work out how you wanted to work out. So again, I went to Bowling Green for three and a half years by the time I became a junior in college and it was time for me to Do my application for the nursing program which at the time was in Toledo? It was a one and a half year wait, and I mean ain't no ain't no first come first serve is who's the better bitch here. So one and a half year wait, and I was fed up. I'm like, I've been in school for three and a half years. I'm tired of this shit. I'm ready to be a nurse. I'm about to go back home go to a nursing program get my nursing license and that's what I'm about to do. I took the shorter way now. I went to Honduras for nursing school and it's night. I have nothing bad to say about anybody that does a nursing program versus a four-year college or whatever at the end of the day you put the time in you spent your money you hard work all of that so I have nothing against that but if I knew then what I know now, I would have stayed at Bowling Green I just would have because when I came back from Bowling Green and I went to Cleveland I basically have to start. All over like I was so many credits close to having my degree and all I needed to do was get accepted into the nursing program. When I came back to Cleveland. I had enough credits to be in their Orion program, but their criteria at the time was I had to be an LPN first so has to be LPN that month was supposed to be eleven that not that month. I'm sorry that program was supposed to be an 11 month program. It took me three years to finish. Three now, I'm gonna tell you why not because I'm stupid because I'm very smart. I've always loved school. I was actually fucking teacher's pet. No all of that. I graduated high school with a 4.0. I had great fucking grades in college I'ma tell you what my problem was a nigga. An a good and I have became so consumed and trying to be everything to somebody that I lost focus and I stopped being something to myself. So I was in nursing school and I was trying to be in nursing school. I was trying to be social I was trying to be a girlfriend. I was trying to do all these things and at this time I didn't have no chill. I didn't have no child. So I was free to do whatever it is that I want to do and I have all the time in a world. Just get my shit together and I was so focused on being everything a nigga wanted me to be. And then you try to be everything that a nigga want you to be just for him to tell you that you're not a fucking enough and then you feel inadequate. So now I didn't fail in this relationship that I don't put so much energy and now I'm feeling in other areas in my second life. So I felt I felt classes. I felt I mean fail like we had an exit exam and so okay. So humble moment. I didn't have to take the entrance exam. Because I had enough credits and my GPA was good enough for me to just skate right through I got writing I had to take the exit exam though, you know, I had to take the exit exam so that I can basically it was to see if I was prepared to take the NCLEX failed it failed it and I was devastated. I was so devastated because in my heart I I wanted to be a nurse like nothing in this world in my story is cliche. I've always wanted to be a nurse since I was eight years old always so so wanted to be a nurse and fail and fail and fail and I kept feeling and it's like I would notice like when we were break it I would have liked space away from him. I would do it. When we would be in a good face and I will become so consumed with keeping us in a good space. Just so fixated on keeping us in a great space. Then my attention span was short in other fucking areas. So my advice to anybody that's younger. Cuz you know, I I graduated high school when I was 17 and I went straight to college. I'm an August baby. So my birthday falls late in the month of August 27th makes me a Virgo don't talk shit. So I went to college a week early, but I was 17. So I left College when I was 20 and came home to be in nursing school. I'm 20 years old and nursing school getting ready to be a nurse. No children. No, nothing. I should have been running. My bag traveling doing all of this sheet set myself up so that when I did decide to have a child, I could be all the way together. So anybody that's Young And as listening I'm not trying to deter you away from anybody that you think that you're in love with but I'm going to be the first to tell you your heart going to get broke a thousand times not to say that it's gonna get broke by thousand niggas, but it's definitely going to be broke by more than one naked and what you shouldn't do is you shouldn't stay here and spend your life. Yo younger life trying to keep up with a nigger that is not even mature. He not he's not even short of what he won't at 20 years old or 21 or 22 shit barely a fucking 30 like seriously. Like I'm not even being funny do not spend your time. Trying to keep up with a nigga Chaser nigga to figure out what a nigga doing who a nigga we don't even do that because one thing I'm going to tell you you go out there and you get your shit together These Niggas Gonna be here and which oh shit together. You want to track a variety of niggas but more importantly you go know what niggas you want to be around because when you out here and you lost and you trying to figure it out, You want to track people just like you when you broke in and you don't have no fucking clue you going to track people just like you and a lot of times we attract these niggas as broken thinking how we can fix them and you don't even got your own shit together. So what you need to do is you need to go to school get you a degree. And if that's not your thing get a job get you some money do something do two words two words of the episode today do something do not be bum ass bitch, please because one thing I'm going to tell you it's a lot of niggas that like bum ass bitches, but it's some real men who don't and if y'all concern is trying to be everything for somebody, you know, one day somebody on love you. I can promise you at the very fucking least. You better have your shit together. You better hide your shit together your mom better be in the right place and you better be a halfway decent person. And because these real men that is they gonna look right past you and you're going to be sitting here trying to figure out why this person Okay hat is or what a person can head it and that's another thing do not compare your journey to nobody else Journey because one thing I found myself doing is damn I started with these with these women this lady got four kids and she got straight A's I don't have no kids this lady this lady cheated on her test and I was really study for mine. How come I can't pass and did it a lot because all the time it don't be all time and a lot of time. Times when you attached to certain people or you guys certain people in your space guy because I'm a big believer in guy Bahia de Leo he will delay your shit if he know that all you gonna go do is go give it to somebody else your blessings. Don't be for everybody else. You know what I'm saying? It don't beat a time to get blessed and God know that you gonna go give everything he gave you to somebody else so he had delay it until you get certain people out of your space and it wasn't until I started removing people that were toxic people who just weren't for Shape people that I probably was toxic to it was not until we departed until shit started happening to me. So get your shit together. What's the two words do something and don't be so fixated on trying to be in a relationship. I'm trying to tell you I have had enough experience to know and again, I am not trying to tell you what to do. I am just only extending some encouragement because I know how Certain things go not to say that. It's that that happened for you. But any event that it possibly will happen for you. I kind of want you to not get so wrapped up in a nigga like that probably was the worst thing I could have ever did like and this is no shaped like obviously any man that I've been with I have no problem stating like when I love them. I love them. That was it, you know what I mean, but I really wish that I didn't get so fixated. Only loving them so much that I forgot to love myself because let me tell you you say and you try to pitch yourself to a man, right you see it and you try to tell him all these great things about you and I mean you lay it on thick you try to sell yourself and I really used to believe like when I would tell somebody I love you more than my I love you more than I love myself. I thought they was so like oh, oh, yes. I got me one but in when I step back when I when I had an opportunity to step back and really analyze what I said, that is horrible. That is some horrible as shit to say because ain't no motherfucking way. You wish yourself 24 hours a day 7 days a week 365 days out of a fucking year and you mean to tell me you love somebody else more than you love you. That's all. Horrible, and I hope the guy that that ain't nothing that y'all are out here saying and if it is please makes a day yo last day saying some shit like that because there's no way that you can love somebody if you don't love you at all like no way period And I really believe that like what I love you more than I love me. Like if it was if it was if it was me against you I which I would choose you what the fuck like that. Was so delusional like it was so crazy. And again anybody that's younger. Listen, even if you older and you find yourself more worried about, you know, being something to a mean one thing that I'm not going to say wasn't taught to me because my parents did a pretty good job, but one thing I wish I was more emphasized was that you know, these niggas gonna be here. Obviously, my daddy didn't want me wrapped up and send. Is like he was like he never wanted me to be boy crazy like at all my mother on the other hand. I was I was very I was a I was a good kid growing up. So I was a good teenager. I didn't give her no problems. I was very respectful. So she didn't really have any worries. Like I had one boyfriend in high school like one he was my boyfriend until I was 19 years old, so she didn't really have that type of problem as far as like me trying to constantly be around niggas or dude. This was some things like that really wasn't even my focus. But one thing that I do wish that they kind of wouldn't instilled in me is like when you do get to a point where you are seeking certain things and you want certain things. Please don't make it about a nigga because a lot of times they cannot make it about you like it'd be about true. Somebody else somebody else somebody else somebody else. Somebody else it all, you know, all of the energy that certain women putting some niggas. You all get that energy back like you be so fixated on this one nigger. And yeah, he might like you shit. I don't even go out and say that he loved you. He got his eyes on at the sheet like so just get your shit together do something and be focused on you because when you focus on you you going to align with the people that you need to allow it and you gonna attract the shit that you need to attract the Diary of her. So as you all know, I'm an author and I have written three books to ebooks part 1 and part 2 of my Trilogy a poetry book and part three of my Trilogy is dropping this Year the diarrhea her if you know, you know, like if you are around me and you were and you've read my books and you know, I mean, you know me, I'm not talking about the people that they've been following me on fucking Instagram since 2011 and feel like okay, it's been nine years, which I know you like. No not those people. I mean people who was there who witnessed who knew? In 2015. I say I'm a start a movement and it's going to be called a diary. I heard that song. I had I wanted to write one book. I'm not gonna lie to you. I wanted to write one book. That's what I say. I want to write a book and I want to tell my story and I want to share my story with people. I now have three books going on for I have a podcast. I have a fucking podcast and it is episode 2 of my podcast. So basically, What I'm saying is a lot of times when you have a go with the shit that be set up for you be so beyond what you can even imagine because I cannot tell you that in 2015. If God would have came down and say oh you won't have in five years. You won't be working on your fourth book in a podcast and speaking to these people and people being inspired and doing all of this. I would have known I would have been out who I'm I'm until this part of the story and that's gonna be it and I Any crazy party is it started out as an outlet for me? I never thought that people was going to take to it the way that they took to it. Not it but the but the point was I thought in my mind like it got to be other people out here going through this shit or else I'm crazy like it got to be and so once I started like voice and like okay this was and then oh, so the part that really got me like really interested in it because I will always hear shit about myself and I will be like who the fuck made that up? Like what? Did you get that from so I felt like I'm going to be transparent and I'm going to tell my own story and I feel like if you hear it from me there anything else that you hear will be null and void because you heard it straight from fucking me. So I started to want to tell my own business because I got tired of hearing. False she like that's not true. Like okay. So let me tell him my way and then people can decide what story is more if he's into them. And so 2015 you know, it was it was just me. It was just me saying Santa into the universe just manifesting it with my words saying I'm going to write a book and a book turned into three books, which is now going to turn into four. So I just kind of want to try to get in a habit of saying what you want because if you wanted and it's going to be good for you. I can promise you it's going to happen. It's going to work out in your favor a lot of times when she don't work out for us or we don't get the Things that we think that we want it's not because God is mad at us or he's punishing us or nothing no crazy shit like that is because it's better shit out here. No, that's not going to work for you. Not a no just not right now. Like let's work on other things. Like I had to really learn that because I wanted to drop I wrote a book. I wrote it I wrote it and then I had to rewrite it because I'm like no this ain't real enough. I was trying to sugarcoat and I didn't want to say this because I didn't want and again, my book is based on my life. So it's like somebody events are true. Some of the events are not true. Some of them are a bit exaggerated. Some of them are watered down and I didn't want to offend certain people. I didn't want it to be too obvious that I was talking. All certain things but my story is my story and if you are interested in writing a book in your in your fear is, you know, you don't want to be judged you being judged any fucking way. So, you know people you post the picture and I can promise you it's a hating-ass bitch that in picture whole picture apart because she just a hateful ass bitch. So why not tell your story because what you don't know is that your story can help somebody else. I never thought that the things that I was going through with stop somebody from going through what I went through because they was go they were going through it already but not to the extreme that I went through it and then it just sees because they heard me say a poem or post a post or they read my entire book or even a chapter or a sentence or whatever so you can't really be afraid of what people don't think and I think that we give people on the outside too much motherfucking control over us like somebody say the wrong thing or hold a fucked up or moved on off our energy then shifted like Damn people fuck them people. You want to know why because nine times out of ten. They not doing better than you nine times out of ten. They got they own shit going on and I'm tired of seeing who the fuck are they like who the fuck are they like me personally. I definitely care about what my family think I definitely value the opinions of my friends and I definitely care about how my son is gonna feel about me when he grow it but motherfuckers that don't know me personally motherfuckers who have never had a Relation with me who cannot Kwame on a first name basis fuck y'all and as I feel because rather I'm right wrong or indifferent. My shit is my shade is my story. So you cannot be afraid to tell your story. You gotta just gotta have faith that is going to work out for you and you gotta be willing to juice not be afraid like not being afraid is such a thing because fear is real, like people think that fear is not real fear is real you don't you could be the toughest. Person in the world you scared of something like it's something that you scared of you got to swallow your fears. Sometimes you got to take a leap of faith. You know what I'm saying? A lot of people say well, how how do I have faith? Like, how am I supposed to just believe like, I don't know what's gonna happen. Like, how am I supposed to just let that fear go and My Philosophy is when you wake up in the morning and you get out the bed you not thinking about whether the fucking floor gonna cave in or not, you know that it's going to be there right? You just know that it's going to be there. So it's kind of got to be the same thing in yo life. Like you don't know what's going to happen on the other side, right? It could all go bad. But why do we got to go back? Why can't it be the best shit ever? Like people are so afraid of the unknown like fuck you like just go just go in a one thing about felonies. I don't really think that you really feel like why because you do something you don't necessarily succeed in it at that moment, but you get an opportunity. T to make it right it's trial and error my first episode it was great. It was amazing, but I was able to listen to it over and over and over and see what it is that I wanted to do differently in the episodes to come and that's what anything in life. You fell a test. They give you a spreadsheet of study I and they tell you okay, this is what you need to work on. It's the same thing in life. You don't know what's going to be on the other side. You don't know in the grass may not be greener, but it's green somewhere. So you got to be able to not be scared. You got to swallow them fears because I promise you when I stopped giving a fuck about what people was gonna say what people was gonna think how people was going field. And this is not to say that I was intentionally trying to hurt people. That's not it but when I stopped giving a fuck about them and started giving a fuck more about myself my whole life changed my whole entire life changed my whole entire life changed. So if you want your life to change you got to change our mindset and for my listeners that have children fathers and mothers this shit. I mean having a kid is not hindering. I mean, I'm not encouraging or to go out if I can have a shitload of kids, but if you do have a kid or if you're expecting a child, I do not want you to let people poison your mind and tell you that having a kid slows you down. My fucking son has turned me up on so many levels like I can promise you I probably would have never been this turned up if I didn't have somebody to do it for I mean, yeah, you got yourself, but when you got all that free time, and it's just you you kind of wasting your fucking time. You kind of just doing shit. You just winging it every day. I wake up with a purpose every day. I wake up on a mission every day. I wake up with a go. Okay, if I don't go to work and make money my fucking son ain't going to eat my fucking son and go ahead old pull-ups. Hang on hang on clothes. He ain't going to have no way to get from A to B because I got to pay this car note. People ain't gonna be able to get in fucking touch with us because I got to pay his phone bill, you know what I'm saying? And this is not to take away from Anybody else that's providing. I just kind of just want to zero in on you on yourself. If you don't do it if it was nobody else in the world, and it was totally up to you. If you don't do it, it's not going to get done. So every fucking day I be so happy that God chose me to be a mother because a lot of people don't understand. It's a privilege to be able to Bear a child to create a child to make a child. It is a privilege. It is such a privilege to be a mother and carrying a child. Don't make you a mother. Being able to create a child. I'll make you a day. It's about putting at time playing at work giving that baby that love protecting them making sure they good. You know what I'm saying? It's all of that that make you a fucking parent like you gotta my son is everything to me and there's nothing that I have never been stopped. Now, he probably makes fucking leaving out the house a little be. Okay. It takes us a little bit longer to get out the house because now he's at that age where he always want to put the he always want to wear what I want to know where like today so I can get him ready for daycare at seven o'clock this morning. I wanted him to put on his fucking Timberland boots this little bad ass nigga cry to put on some fucking Vans like it's cold outside. Like what are you doing? I hate them ugly-ass shoes. Like why do you want to put them on but guess what? I don't wear them because what he let him fucking weird, I'm not about to listen so you could cry about nobody shoots like whatever but I'm saying, SSA babies don't hinder you my motto down down down. So you down a Bushwick and if they don't do you doing something wrong? I do everything for my son and people didn't see me work with my son and my life if I could take my son to work I would but obviously that's a liability but when I have my book release I didn't disclose. Why didn't this school my son. My son was right there with me passing out them books out. He was in my lap. I was signing books. He I was hugging people taking pictures with people and my son was right by my side. Mainly because I had a fucking babysitter, but I try to get no babysitter cuz why not let him experience it why not? Let him see like your mother is capable of doing everything. So I told you I'm an LPN and I did go back to school attempting to go back to school right before I released my first book to get my RN I was I had went back to school and I think I was in like, I think I had like four classes or whatever and Like my major science classes that I needed to have and I was totally depressed. I was a hundred percent depressed. Okay. So postpartum my son was one and I don't know that I have postpartum for a really really long time, but my son was also a premature and I had postpartum right after he was born. Like I definitely went through that and it's a real thing and fellas if yo, girl or your child's mother is going through postpartum. I'm telling you that is a stress that you will never be able to relate to because it's unexplainable. It's something that you can't even fucking control. You said in her channel of your child and you can't even connect because you so stressed. You ain't ate. You can't sleep nothing like yo, all your energy is being poured into it is newborn and then on a days when you have done everything as a mother, you just bust out crying for fucking nothing and you don't even know like and people, you know your friends. Support y'all friends family support your family because postpartum is so fucking real like I wanted to breastfeed my son. I hate I'm sorry that I'm jumping from one extreme to the next but I wanted to breastfeed my son up until I couldn't breastfeed him no more and my milk dried up after 3 months because I was so stressed like I could not eat three meals a day. I could not drink a sufficient amount of water. I couldn't deal with getting a solid four hours of sleep. Keep in a day like because my son is up every two hours trying to eat or he won't me or he needs me for something or I got a bay them and I got a rock him to sleep or he threw up or he just shitted every-fucking-where like this shoot was so crazy like and so when he became one, I was depressed and I was going through a lot emotionally, you know what I'm saying his dad and I were going through a lot. I think that was my first time ever going through like my dude phone. And I swear to you. I did not fucking eat for like seven fucking days. Okay, and it's so funny to me now because I'm over it but do not I don't care. I do not care if that bitch is open. Do not go through your partner's phone. Do not don't now if you're I have this type of relationship where y'all can go through each other phone. I still wouldn't do it because at what point do we not have privacy? Like I think that it's an invasion of privacy. This is not me saying that something has to be inured that's not what I'm saying. But if you're that insecure my advice is to just leave leave go get yourself together. Go pull yourself together because I was at such a low right like always had his phone always going. This guy's on that. What the fuck is in this motherfucking phone and one day he was drunk to the fucking Max. I mean so drunk and this was before face ID came out. So he was so drunk and he was laying on top of that phone tables dead weight to it was so hard getting its own. I got it and I put his thumb on that phone and it was just like well, I'm like a fucking magic trick. I had barricaded myself in a bathroom. And I mean the first seven threads I didn't even get high. Okay, so, you know how you pull your messages that you are. Like I say what eight messages on before you got to swipe it. I didn't even get a chance to swipe or do enough investigating because the first seven I was done body rock rock me to sleep, right? Me to sleep. Right after that I ended up enrolling in school because I needed something to take my mind off of it school is not the second thing. No, I think that back because I ended up getting straight A's in school with a one-year-old paying all the bills on stressed out because somebody that I was in love with I had just found out was doing me dirty. I mean walking me like a fucking dog and I was so I was hurt. So I want to tell you there is a difference between being hurt and being mad as fuck. I was hurt. So I was all crying can't fucking pull myself together and just constantly thinking, you know, why me and with the fucking did it on. I thought you loved me and I gave you this baby and how could you do me like that? I gave you a home. That's so sappy. Like I was so fucked up and I say I will never do that shit again. I don't give a fuck if he pay me to go through. I will never do that shit again because it was it was horrifying like it was so horrifying a Men and women don't do that shit like dumb because one thing about it when you go looking for some shit you can find it and it's fucked up to say because you like to think like, okay, even if I go looking for I shouldn't have to find she totally agree but there's a little small chance that you won't find some shit just looking for and so I don't encourage you just don't get it once never did it again. Did it once never did it again? Don't plan on it a does not know amount of money that anybody could pay me to ever do that to myself. Has a rocked me to bed. Okay, I'm talking about. I was I was sleep. I was so sleep. But I'm saying all that to say I was totally depressed when I was in my RN program with a one-year-old and I pushed through for my one-year-old. Like I like I said, I have straight A's straight-8 I pay for school out of pocket while paying rent a car note. I was paying for groceries out of pocket, like all my bills cable internet like in car insurance everything. I was working. Well, no, I wasn't working 12-hour shifts. I was working eight hours shoes, but I was totally making it happen and I don't want you to think that because you get all of these adversities that you can't overcome shoot you can overcome whatever it is that you go through and I am a living testimony. You know what I'm saying? You can get over some shade and it in in those moments. When you love you already feel like you going to come out of it, but I promise you if you put the work in and you pray and you just say focus and you tell yourself like I'm better than this and I deserve better than this and I can have better than this and you work towards that every single day you can head and shit because it's not going to be handed to you. Nothing in this life is going to be handed to you not even your healing you have to put the work in you do you got to do that? And that's what I did and I not only did it for myself, but I did it for my baby because at the end of the day He can look up the whoever he wanted look up to but he gone always reference his home like always he go and I want my fucking son growing up with mommy issues fucking mother worked all the time. She needs shall be no attention. No, I'm at work and I'm gonna show my fucking son attention and I'ma be exhausted from all this shit. That's exactly what I'm going to do because one thing I seen, you know what I'm saying grown up a lot of my peers they parents work. So when I was a cheerleader, a lot of them parents wasn't there ruin a kid's on a lot of them. Parents wasn't there at the time basketball games. A lot of parents wasn't there and I should matter. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, you be like, oh, I'm sorry, baby. I didn't come to your game. He'd be like, oh, I was cool. I ain't really do so much of that. But that shit matter like that shit matter. I be damned if my son be a box or a basketball player baseball player football player, whatever and I miss the game unless I'm fucking absolutely paralyzed and can't be there. I'm a beat here. I don't care because that's that's how I'm I want my son to know that it fits nobody else in this world. You got me. And I just think that a lot of men suffer from those type of issues like it don't even be you. It don't even be nothing that you did you could have possibly did nothing a lot of shit start with a mother's like a lot of that's just start with a father's they grandmother's whoever raised them. The person that they loved first like that's where a lot of their issues stem from maybe they mother Love them a certain type of way, you know what I'm saying? Like you love in him a certain type of way and then you got his mother who loved was Cyrus type way so he don't really know how to accept your love because he oh no that love. So you got to kind of figure out how people what type of love people were raised on. I don't really like the saying some people was raised on love. Some people was raised on Survival. I mean, okay, that's so broad. Like what does that really mean? I just think that a lot of people love in different ways like some people get you know, the pure-hearted type of love and some people got like real tough-love like obviously your mother loves you, right, but maybe she didn't know maybe nobody showed her the expert because one thing about two things about love is love is not only an emotion love is an action. So people can have the emotion love for you and just fail at showing you like that's a real thing. Like people can love you all day and they just do not do well with expressing it. Like people have a hard time expressing it people have a hard time saying it like you have to you got to learn people and don't expect them to be able to reciprocate the love that you give when they don't understand that love. They don't even understand that like my son little girlfriends is going to have a hard time because we are so interlocked like anytime I saw him walk past me I give up. I just love you so much. That is oh my God, you're so handsome. Like I just love you so much and I really don't even know if I'm doing him a disservice like I don't but I want him to know how it feels to be loved and I only that I Separated myself from certain people because I want him to see his mother loved properly. I think that that's important because I can love him a certain type of way all day, but he'll clean to how I allow somebody to love me and I don't want him to see me loved in a toxic way and think that it's okay to go love quote unquote a woman like that. I want him to know how it looks from both. Angles like this is how I love you. And this is how somebody loves me and it's healthy and it's okay. It's okay to love. It's okay to express your feelings. I think that we need to tell our men that it is okay to be in tune with your emotions it nothing about that makes you weak nothing about that makes you less of a man and if you ask me, I think that it makes you more of a man to be in stone which all emotions and know that you can have them that they exist. I hate hard as niggas. I hate that shit be hard. We mean fucking be hard with me. Like why why are you gonna sit here and be fucking hard with me? Like I'm a whole woman. I'd be gentle with me like, okay be assertive. But for the most part treat me like a woman, I don't fucking give me no love that you would give your fucking homeboy. Like I don't want that shit. Keep that shit. I don't want that shit, but I definitely One shots and not think that these kids are slowing your down again. If they not if they not put in some spark under your as you're doing it wrong and I'm going to just call you out you are doing it totally wrong. I am I son I just started my son a clothing line is called Lefty and Company. It's tailored for little boys from the ages of two to Middle School ages. I have found out that a lot of people are interested in this brand. So I am going to be introducing clothes for little girls and you know merchandise for adults as well. Once we start to get really deep in it, but I did that a because my baby is Left-Handed and be little boys already having at The Oddities boutiques that you see online or four little girls or for women or whatever and see I don't know what he gonna be interesting and the diarrhea are when he get older. So I want him to have something on his own. I want this to be his he is the CEO and the owner of his own clothing line at two years old and I think about it is he doesn't even understand that I've already set him up for life. And I did that because one day I'm not going to be here and he going to have to do this shit. He going to have to carry it leave your kids a legacy. Please all that designer shit and all of that shit. None of that shit means nothing when you not here no more. What did you leave in sudden, baby? So Lefty in company will be dropping this fall. I kind of want to I've been sampling and kind of just figuring out what it is that I want to drop how I wanted to look and everything and I really want to you know, drop it and have it all come out for the next school year. So make sure y'all look out for that. Y'all can follow his clothing page at Lefty and co-ceo kids on Instagram and he's a cute kid, so Little eye candy he did. He just recently did a photo shoot with his brothers and it was titled My Brother's Keeper. So yeah, make sure you off happy and make sure y'all get ready to have your kids just dripped in it because he got something coming out and I'm so excited. So we got Lefty and Cole. We got a nurse key podcast the Diary of her we busy. We are so busy and the good thing about it is I'm not trying to keep busy. The key my mind off. She know my mind is totally clear. I'm just busy because I wrote on the new year. I want to be book and busy all 2020. So that's exactly what I manifest and that's exactly what I'm doing. So I definitely want to get into another bigger topic that I think is really important for a lot of the women as listening to this because we need to be held more accountable for the way that we react and we need to start. Assessing how we address our situation. So when you find out that you're naked and she did right? Yo First Natural reaction is to be mad at the woman or the women. And I was a person like that. I was so mad at the person he cheated on me with while he was laying next to me. Which made no sense because if you going to be mad, the number one person you need to be mad at is the person who owed you some loyalty, which is your nigga and when you get into a relationship, it's in my contract is well, like, you know, we in this relationship we got this by now, you got to respect me the way that I respect you you supposed to give me what I give you and if I'm loyal to you gotta be loyal to me too. We get in these in these in these unsigned contracts as what I'ma call them. Because marriage is a signed contract. So we get into these unsigned contracts with these people who don't really know what they want. Don't really know how they feel they feelings change every day you wake up and you got your Bonnet on the wrong way he ready to go be with the next bitch. So I'm saying that's to say you get into these relationships that you don't even know what's going on last past 12 months and you allow them to take up so much space to the point where you so mad at somebody who owes you nothing. And you not even mad at him and then you and then so then here here is where they're the competition comes in it. You don't even be really mad at him your focus becomes pissing her off. Okay. So yeah. Alright. He cheated he cheated on me with you, but I'm gonna prove to you that this is my nigga and I'm gonna stay All three clowns four five six, however, many people involved everybody everybody everybody. Let me tell you something. So because I wake up a woman first, I think that if anybody owes anything to anybody women owe it to themselves right going to see yourself as a woman Sanaa go indulging in no shape with no bodies man. That's what you owe but here's the disclaimer me and by me and lie me and live what I say last week, they're gonna lie and so they die me and lie, they lie and they lie and they lying I will say and tell something new because that's exactly what it is something new that will tell that new ain't got no girl. Hell no, I live by myself. No, I mean she just my roommate like she said we don't be fucking I sleep on the couch sleeping a big. I'm an like I'm just there for my kids like my kids sleep in the living room with me. First of all five, if anybody sell your that they are roommates with somebody that they share a child wig that they didn't already hit all types of raw. Please do not believe them when they say they sleeping in separate rooms. In the baby favorite and get the fuck out of here. Don't believe that dumb shit, please. Let me I'm giving you all this game. I want y'all to just take it and take it for what it is. And don't try to make it knows me and lie. They lie. I don't have no girl. It's complicated. We ain't been together. We ain't really together for real like yeah like I still care about her, but that's not my girl and did it at a tie all of these things. So, Realistically the woman had you know, it's she really don't have no choice but to believe what he's saying, you know, what I'm saying is specially if he kind of got the time, you know what I'm saying? He kind of got enough time in the day where it seemed like he don't have no girl, but I'ma tell y'all when y'all start getting with them niggas who can't talk to your pastor certain time every night at ten o'clock that nigga sleep get. All right Y'all Gonna Learn y'all is Gonna Learn Every night at a certain time he young talk to him after that time Indian every morning at the same time. It's like clockwork he back on that phony or back talking all day and he didn't popped up on you at work and brought to stuff to ask him. Can you you said what? Oh, you think you're living together? Okay. Well if you don't really like that extra, can I come spend the night? Yes, No, Maybe So what's going to happen if you don't come on What's going on me? Why do we always got to come to my house while we can go to your home? No answer because that nigga play a game. Don't let nobody play games with you. Don't let nobody play games with you. But the point of this was why do we hate the other women so much and we still fuck around with the nigger. I get it. Yo ego bruised and matisse's yo ego is bruised. He got a knife or somebody else. You won't have no understanding because in your mind you was the best thing that ever happened to him or should it be but a manga eyes and a man I got eyes is going to look and if he ain't a discipline me, he don't go where he gonna go where it's flowing. So what you cannot do what I'm going to tell you what you shouldn't do as a woman. Is unless it's your homegirl or somebody that you close with gone and shift your energy take it on the chin because she don't owe you nothing. Let's let's let's be real I'm going to be real. She don't owe you nothing if she always anybody she always to herself, but she who's to say that she's that much of a woman that she give a fuck about shit like that. Maybe she don't give a fuck about shit like that. Maybe she don't care if a nigga got a girl or not as long as he doing for her what she want him to do. You kind of got to be okay with that Sue? And really put your focus on is that somebody that you want to deal with you want to start asking yourself real questions what I'm saying? A lot of people be like, oh, can you give me advice on what I should do with this? No, I can't but what I'm what I'm gonna help you do is give yourself some advice. Is that somebody you want to be with do you want to deal with somebody who cannot be faithful to you? Do you want to deal with somebody who would put you in a position where you have to have your feelings hurt? Because he's interested in somebody else. Do you want to deal with somebody who's going to make another woman feel the way that he's making you feel do you want to if the answer is yes, then stay if the answer is no then leave. It's so simple and I found out that we make our own shit complicated. The shit is so simple. Do you want to feel like shit? Yes. Okay stay but if you don't then you have to make some changes you can't sit around and wait for a negative change because guess what these Niggas Ain't changing and so they want to change and it ain't gonna be when you want them to change. So go ahead and stop thinking that you can change in it because you can't I'm gonna be the first to tell you that you cannot change somebody and even if they do change it be for a small second it be op de be opportunities. They change for the opportunity they changed for the circumstances it be situational. Maybe they really feel like oh my God, this bitch is reacting like she about to leave me let me act like I got my shit together. And then as soon as I get you back what happened they snap back right into right who they was because the court is somebody character doesn't change. When you are who you are at heart you do not change. So if you're in decent person, yeah, you can go do some decent shape. But guess what just like alcoholic a true alcoholic they can go cold turkey and I drink or go through rehab or whatever. But if they do not want to not be alcoholic. That's what they gonna do as soon as they see some liquor they don't drink it and it's the same thing with it as she is the same thing with bitches. You understand a lot of niggas want. Me to come down on Ancient women, but I can't speak from a place that I'm not in you know what I'm saying? I can honestly say it's a lot of people that can vouch for me that I am a woman of substance. I have morals. I have values. I am a great woman so I can't speak from a ancient place like okay last week. I admitted that I did cheat once. Okay, cool. Everybody's done it now. Let's move on but I don't have the horror stories that nigga's tell me. These bitches I'll be saying or like what type of Terminator as bitches or you are dealing with what type of scandalous as bitches. Are you are dealing with a hose teach me I'm joking, but no seriously like where the fuck do y'all find him? And then you have niggas it up and be listening to me and be like where the fuck did you get that nigga from? Right who the fuck created him? Because that's some horrible Ashes to do but it's people out here that exists but you cannot be mad at that woman and if you saying up with a fake page stalking her page trying to figure out if she would show naked and guess what you already lost because I ain't no real men at care about you about to even have you gone through that day. Why is that so hard to see? Why is it that we cannot see past the bullshit you want to know why I got an answer for you. If you don't have an answer for yourself because a lot of times when you think you're in love with somebody you make yourself blind to sheet you purposely pull the wool over your eyes because you do not want to see or you don't want to believe that this person is who this person is you have to stop trying to make people be who they not and you gotta call space space I was on Twitter today and it's this pastor that I follow she was like you know you were afraid to ask God to remove your enemies because you know God going to remove your man and I was I go huh huh it's like okay Okay, but as I've grown and as I've experienced and as I've you know, just mature and started being on a search for self and self love and self healing I don't care who I lose as long as I don't lose myself no more because you can put a death grip on everybody in your life. But if you don't have a grip on your fucking self, they're going to fall off anyway. So you gotta pull yourself together. This ain't this ain't no he's my I got a lot of time type of things the first of all let me tell you what we got to stop doing as a collective. We can easily gets too much credit so much these ancient niggers are getting away with murder ain't no motherfucking way. You didn't and I'm going to tell you I would embarrass me is in 2020 embarrassment is non-negotiable, bitch. You ain't bear. It's me, and that's it. I cannot deal with it because embarrassment is so it makes you so some more like why would you embarrass me? If I don't hate nothing? I hate being embarrassed like for instance when I'm in the grocery store and my fucking son starts crawling or something or like crying or just making a scene I immediately exit because I can't deal with the embarrassment. So explain to me why we will stay in situations with Me and who publicly embarrass us? Like they put their infidelity on display for everybody to fucking see they don't give a fuck how you feel about it. Should they put on display for you to see? Why you want to be with somebody like that, man? Why do you want to be with a woman that will go fuck your friend why she smashed her homie and you're trying to wife are what the fuck is wrong with you? Explain to me. Oh tell me. I'm interested in listening. You will never be able to take her series because guess what in the back of your mind. You can always feel like a visually because one thing about it you lose on how you get them. You lose them how you get them? Why you want to be with somebody like that? Why you want to be with somebody that usual all the bitch care about is German. What's going to happen when you don't handle me? Do you know what? here Is that somebody actually wants to be with or is that something that you're just don't give a fuck about because in your mind you're going to always have money. I can promise you as quick as it come is as quick as he go. and you got to be willing to take them losses and when you take them losses or the people that surround our the people that's any for the winds going to be around when you take them ills no get ready to bitch get rid of her why you want to be with somebody that lie why what's so appealing about somebody that's lying to you is lying just not a big thing like okay yeah they lied but there's no we got to up our standards me and not only that stand on them stand on them I will be the first to say that I have not Always being a Judge Judy bitch. I didn't suck niggas back one time two times three times four times five times. Six times seven times eight times nine times. I didn't took niggas dead. Okay. I am not perfect. I didn't start it this whole we we ain't fuck that fuck this and still sucking nigga big. I am a human and I have emotions and I am not ashamed to say it but one thing that I will say is that I don't give a fuck what anybody got off I can promise you they ain't getting it off number and I can promise you that even if they try it they know that they not getting it off so they kind of ain't trying it for real so if you see me with somebody or you hear about me being with somebody then you can you can bet they on a bed so I can Behavior to me and if they own a best behavior and I find out I can promise you you're going to be like damn it was just together I wonder what happened that's what the fuck happened because I'm not dealing with nothing I'm not dealing with nothing you want to be with me and when we got together you have so many Indian somewhere In between you found out the bag totally fine by me. Because one thing about fumbling the bag is if you were a real Hustler, you won't get it back. That's it. You get sick and you need anything. You need me to be by your side. I got you something happened and your family one of your friends something happened you lose on your friends, whatever. I got you emotional support Confidant, whatever but what I'm not about to deal with is a motherfucker plan me for no fucking food. I'm not doing it because I don't have to I don't have any naked I want. There is no reason why I have to settle so if I'm with you is because I want to be with you not because I got to be with you now because I need you now because I have none of that if I'm with somebody it's because I want to be and that's the kind of attitude that you got to have. Don't be in a situation where you with a nigga cuz you gotta be with him. Fuck that get your own bag. Have your own do your own fucking thing Beyond on fucking person don't be standing and nobody Shadow or nothing like that or with a nigga because he a certain type of Niger or he got a certain amount of cloud or whatever. No fuck that. I make an igloo good. and at the type of energy that you got a head because when you had that confidence when you had that confidence you want to track exactly who you need to attract so if you like I said you hear about me what a nigga you can back in front of me he on his best behavior I'll go a fuck what you think and what you see I'm doing I can promise you I don't know shit about it and I'm only I find out I can promise you the narrative changes damn that was Jaja seen about could just like that I'm not playing like that because I had been hurt too many times and I didn't put too much energy and motherfuckers who just could not reciprocate it and one thing I'm not about to do at 28 is holding again not teaching you how to be no fucking I'm not doing it I'm not doing it now what I've learned is that you do have to give people room to make mistakes because people are not perfect People are not perfect. You're not perfect. You all make mistakes too. And you got to kind it. You got it you I hope that if I make a mistake that my man, you know kind of negotiates with me unless it's unforgivable, but I'm not holding nobody here. I'm slow right is right and wrong is wrong. If you don't want me doing it to you. Don't fucking do it to me. If you love me be decent if you like me shit Dee Dee saying how fucking hard is it to be a real person? How fucking hard if you put yourself in a position where you do something that you potentially got a lot to me about it to the point where like if I find out the truth, I'm gonna be crushed and obviously you shouldn't be doing it fucking common sense. It's just not coming on. So I think that you know, we just all need to get in a place where start asking yourself real questions period do you want to feel like this if you don't okay go this way do you want to feel like this okay if you don't go this way it's really not complicated we make it complicated you scared to leave I get it it's uncomfortable to leave somebody that you built so much with but when you think about your situation as a whole what have you really built every day you mad every day you are his head every day you got to walk on eggshells because You say the wrong thing. Y'all going to argue that argument gonna be carried out for five days. So they're go five days that yo man with no self control has possibly been somewhere else with somebody else and did he come back after five days of being gone and now, you know, it didn't came out that he was doing something else within five days. He didn't give it no time. Now you mad about that. Is that something that you want to do it? Is it something that you want to deal with a lot of people don't care? but if you're like me and you truly care about your piece and you truly care about your well-being fuck who you fucking with let him beat a headache it's better than you but I had you know at one point I had got so caught up in not wanting a nigga to be anything to anybody bad good ugly nothing I didn't want I want him to give everything to me even if it included pain just because I did not want him to give it to anybody else because to give somebody pain you gotta care about him she that's too much that's too much energy You give a fuck enough to want to hurt somebody you care too much. I don't want my niggas giving bitches the better them the worst them. I don't want my niggas doing nothing like that, but I realize they don't get better. It just be somebody else turn to endure the bullshit. I don't get better when a why because I really want to be with you just not ready. I want to be with you. You're the person I think ideally want to be with I got some shit and a system that they need to get up. So yeah, it may look like he giving this bitch everything, but I promise you she's stressed out. she's trying to figure the fuck out damn the whole time he told me this was her problem this is a health problem and what happened when he get mad at her you come back to you pshew I miss you these hoes ain't nothing like you I should have never been doing it I should have never been out here playing with these hoes I you know I shit it ain't nothing out here oh it ain't nothin out here then what you do is hold you I'll think I'll let you like I love you ain't gonna have your back like I guess you better come on come on you get home get comfortable no he didn't took the trash out a couple times left the toilet seat down you can get a whole bunch of sheet and boom Friday come yeah I'm about to just go kick it with my niggas it is a tie come 12 o'clock in answering that motherfucking phone I'll 12 o'clock and turned into two o'clock in here go to a clock and turning three o'clock and are you insecure what the fuck is you doing fuck you think he doing his best in got back home so guess what fuck what he was telling you now he back living his life and as soon as that bitch piss him off that's what you gonna do you'll come right back but I'm going to tell you when that is when you ended That's when he and because guess what they going to hold onto whoever allows them to hold on to them for however long they alone to hold on son. You got 2 ND you have 2 ND is not going to end. So you decide until you decide you want better you sit around waiting for him to decide if he wants to give you better instead of saying I want better right now. The problem is we wait for them. The problem is you sit on this Throne get on you. Fuck all that shit about how you this type of bitch all this you got this you doing this you said right up on that Throne you have somebody that's down here. And this is not to say that you're better than them. But I'm just I'm just saying as far as worth goes you all the way up here. You worthy you are need us not ready to show you that you worthy or show you that he understands your word. So what you do you come down to meet him instead of making him come up to get you that's the problem. that is a problem and so what you did is you then backtrack show own life instead of making him man the fuck up and either say I'm not ready or be imma get ready so problem it's an you're enabling his behavior okay I'm a way for you to get ready instead of him saying okay I'm about to get my shit together I see that you ready and I'm not so I'ma let you go hopefully you won't find nobody in the meantime but when I get there and if we on the same page and we gonna rock out they're not doing it so instead we let him so much that we willing to come down slow it down and meet them I'm gonna come down to your level hell no hell no don't ever do that don't ever do that Eagles don't fly with pigeons ever they never fly at the same altitude never you gotta stop you gotta stop you have to stop so I don't know who that was for but it was definitely for me so any advice that I want to give you a beyond what I've already said you're not about so that was episode 2 I hope y'all enjoyed it I hope y'all lived it I hope you all take it for you know and apply it however you all see fit but more importantly I Want You To Love Yourself know y'all were both men and women and not let people bring you to such a low place that you can't even reach the higher Peaks like it's so much more out there than settling is so much more out there than not doing what you love is so much more out there than I doing what makes you happy like life is totally too short and I don't mean to get sentimental but it really is like if you knew today that you could die tomorrow would you spend your time doing what you doing think about it that way so this is Nurse key and this is a nurse key podcast and thank you