No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will.It right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and you decide to allow yourself just one conversation or a new co-worker enters the office and Sparks Fly incessantly between you in this case. It's especially hard to ignore even when you're not talking the sexual tension. Is there every single day Could this new person be the so-called one? Maybe you're with the wrong partner after all but how can you be sure you can't just call it quits without knowing if it's worth it first and to do this, you'll have to test the waters. You're not going to do anything extreme just a couple of innocent conversations, maybe a group activity then maybe lunch Alone Together, which you enjoy so much that you go on another. Then another now the Sparks are overwhelming passion kicks in your hormones and your appetite for adventure coalesce one kiss then two men something else before you know it you've stepped over a line. You never meant to cross. Welcome to the dark side of a par cast original a show where we will delve into the Seedy underbelly of Pop Culture icons and historical events. We aim to expose the ugly truth behind cultural moments and public figures. We hold most dear proving that there is always more to this story than meets the eye. I'm your host Richard and I'm Kate. This is our eighth episode on the dark side of dating the Quest for love may seem like a celebratory. A beautiful thing but it's romanticized image conceals all kinds of unpleasant truths at par cast. We're grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park S network. You can find all episodes of the dark side of and all other podcast Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream the Dark Side of for free on If I just open the app tap browse and type the Dark Side of in the search bar today, we'll look into the sordid complexities of infidelity from government fines to public humiliation to murder wandering outside. Your relationship has always been fraught with danger and today's married dating technology paired with our own proclivities only seems to complicate an already Harry affair. The novelist Vladimir Nabokov once said adultery is a most conventional way to rise above the conventional take one. Look at today's tabloids and you might agree from politicians to celebrities infidelity is a recurring headline with Millions tuning into the drama. It's nothing new and yet many people can't help but get their kicks from these sorts of Stories the elements of secrecy and Eyes are undeniably titillating voyeuristic even but only when the sordid Affair is not your own to many the thought of being cheated on is unbearable, especially considering that in today's world. Most romance Seekers are looking for just one person to share their hearts with no one wants to be backstabbed by the love of their life yet in spite of the cultural value placed on monogamy this type of relationship hasn't always always been the standard. Prior to the dawn of Western imperialism in the 1500s a slim 16% of the world societies were monogamous. Meanwhile a whopping 83% were polygamists with men able to have more than one wife and in sharp contrast only 1% were polyandrous women having multiple husbands these facts May irritate today's mindset monogamy is extolled and gender equality is becoming an Increasingly important issue nonetheless The evolutionary rationale adds up. Whereas women take over nine months for a single gestation men can father multiple pregnancies at the same time and in a time when procreation was tantamount to food production and family survival. It would have made more sense for one man to have multiple wives than the other way around but while human history may indicate a natural inclination towards multiple partners polygamy has nonetheless faded into the background as human societies progressed. David bearish and evolutionary biologist at the University of Washington tackles this reality in his controversial book out of Eden in it. He argues that monogamy isn't natural to humans, but he also contends that it's not impossible or undesirable humans do often excel at their most difficult Endeavors and human will Certainly seemed to Prevail in matters of mating the one male one female partnership gradually became the gold standard the reasons for this are multifaceted. But in many cultures economy was an important factor as well as raising a family humans evolved into making one-on-one commitments for the sake of their own well-being and that of their offspring marriage was a natural outcome legally and religiously binding a a man and a woman into one yet in spite of this new Norm infidelity persisted psychotherapist and relationship consultant Esther perel sums this up when she says adultery has existed since marriage was invented and so to the taboo against it, how do we reconcile? What is universally forbidden and yet universally practiced historically, we've been more interested in punishing this paradox. Been resolving it. Around 1643 in Plymouth, Massachusetts 17 year old Mary Latham was spurned by a young handsome love interest. She quickly rebounded by marrying another much older man, but Mary grew unhappy with her slipshod decision. The only part of her marriage Mary seemed to enjoy was antagonizing her spouse according to the writings of one Puritan lawyer who may have been dramatizing Mary's Behavior. Mary would hold a knife to her husband's chest and mock him. She would call him a rogue and a cuckold and threatened to make him wear horns as big as a bull in colonial times. This strange costume would have symbolized a cuckold. Just like a bull cannot see his own horns. Mary's husband was presumably unaware that his wife was cheating on him. Not long after their wedding Mary took to partying and drinking wine with other men in the colony these revelries resulted in several one night stands with both unmarried and married men. Around this time a British Professor named John Britton docked in Plymouth. He wasn't a Puritan and the colony leaders quickly feared what effect his presence might have on their nascent church and government. They hope to rid themselves of his poisonous influence and they didn't have to wait long for a reason one night. Britain had a drunken liaison with Mary and in spite of not being a Puritan his own moral compass filled him with guilt. He soon can Test of the affair which subsequently exposed the rest of Mary's encounters with in the small Massachusetts settlement. The Puritans had little tolerance for hanky-panky both Mary and Britain were promptly shipped off to Boston for trial in court. Mary name 12 of the men she had been with five of them were rounded up but they each denied their relationship with Mary in the end these men were released by virtue of their own testimony while both me and Britain were put to death for their promiscuous crimes. Well, this is the only known instance of execution for infidelity in the US the land of the free continued to Dole out humiliating consequences for sexual Liberty. In other parts of America adult touring parties could be publicly whipped or find overtime several States developed alienation of affection laws. They offered penalties ranging from imprisonment to fines for those involved in adultery. These punishments were designed to deter married Partners from wandering and a few of them are still in effect in Maryland. Infidelity is an affordable offense cheaters are fine ten dollars in restitution a small bit of pocket change for a night of extramarital fun. Minnesota philanderers on the other hand can be fined up to $3,000 for their crimes while these laws are rarely invoked. It's a convenient way for the powers that be to to profit from Human Nature in other states. However, it's the wounded party not the government who takes home the dough South Dakota maintains a statute allowing husbands to sue their wives lovers. The law was recently considered sexist since it Harkens back to a time when women were regarded as marital property, but instead of getting rid of it entirely and losing a profit the court made it gender-neutral in 2002 now wives Their husband's Mistresses two statutes, like these are known as heart bomb laws and their intended to console betrayed spouses while money may not buy you love apparently Cold Hard Cash can soothe the wounds of a heated Affair yet in some instances these some seem to surmount the emotional value of the marriage. They even lay the blame on the person who isn't betraying a sacred Union of Their Own. In North Carolina in 2010 Cynthia Shackelford sued, another woman and Lundquist for nine million dollars Lund quests offense. She had been having an affair with Cynthia's husband. Mr. Shackelford 9 million was a hefty amount considering that by all reports. The shackleford's marriage had long since been on the Rocks Spectators weren't surprised that Cynthia valued money more than her shattered marriage. Yet in the end. It was Ms. Lindquist a third party who had to pay for the broken Union. Legal retribution is far from limited to the u.s. In 2018. India overturned a 158 year old colonial era law that could sentence a man to up to five years in prison for committing adultery with another man's wife. The only caveat was if the woman's husband had given the other man permission the law also dictated that an adulterous wife was Exempt from punishment since males were considered to be the seducers in these situations moreover. A married woman could not use the law to accuse her husband of sleeping with someone else without her permission when the law was put on trial petitioners argued that it was sexist for a myriad of reasons for one the law regarded wives as kept property. It also pretended that they had less sexual volition than men and it left women. With no comparable recourse for when they were the ones being cheated on other places are even less kind in countries like Sudan and Iran whipping and even death by stoning have historically been on the table in these cases victims are buried up to their shoulders before being pelted by large stones in 2010-12 Irani and women and three men were apparently sentenced to death by stoning even though there has been a moratorium. I am on stoning in the country since 2002 the one to four ratio in this instance reflects a Sinister yet globally pervasive fact women have been subjected to more ridicule for cheating than men have this bias appears to relate back to biologically ingrained practices such as polygyny for the most part females were expected to be happy with one husband while that husband carried on with his many other women as he liked but the The fact of the matter is women are not sexual bystanders. In fact, the appetite for infidelity may be completely unbiased when it comes to gender. In 2018 The Institute for family Studies released a Social Survey showing that 20% of men admitted to cheating on their partner. Whereas a slightly lower thirteen percent of women reported infidelity, but that small discrepancy may not accurately reflect the number of women who cheap one psychotherapist. Dr. Candace Cooper love it says a lot of women in my practice have shared that cheating was something that you take to the Grave. Because men can't handle cheating in the way that women do or are expected to this is unsurprising considering that more than one in three women have experienced some form of intimate partner violence. And even if your husband or boyfriend isn't prone to violence, the excess fear of being discovered may still be ingrained as therapist. Dr. Tammy Nelson says, we don't know if more men or more women are caught cheating on average. But it would make sense that women are better at hiding their Affairs traditionally women have faced harsher punishments for cheating. They have lost their financial support risk the loss of their children and in some countries even risked the loss of their lives. Well, hopefully these steaks will lessen with time others are on the rise current divorce rates clock in between 40 and 50 percent and when it comes to cheating the chances of losing your Asian ship are even higher in a recent survey of 441 people who had experienced or committed infidelity nearly 55 percent of participants said their relationship broke up immediately after the affair was discovered another 30% had tried to make it work before eventually breaking up while a meager 15 percent reported that they were still together with the same partner the survey also found that people who were married 10 to wait the longest before telling their Partners while 52% confessed within the first weeks of the affair the remaining 48 percent waited around 6 months or longer to come forward and while some may cheat and tell it remains a mystery. Just how many people have completely gotten away with their infidelity. Some would rather take their sins to the Grave then admit guilt but the rise of modern dating technology is threatening to Make this possibility your double life could be discovered by one precarious internet search. Up next a pastor goes to drastic lengths after being caught in a cheating scandal. Hi listeners Richard and I have a new show. We can't wait for you to check out. They are natural-born Leaders with a never-ending thirst for power through force and deceit they rise through the ranks toward radicalism eliminating anyone who stands in their way and the only thing more inevitable than their rise is the ruin discover the true stories of power greed and deceit in the park has two original series. Taters every Tuesday dictators examines the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control. Each dictator is analyzed into part episodes with the first giving insight into the rise to power and the second chronicling the impact of their downfall here are more about the men who claimed to love their country, but were intricately responsible for killing millions of their own people. Men such as prime minister Benito Mussolini supreme leader Kim Jong Hoon and even Julius Caesar himself discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and evil at its highest level follow dictators free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Now back to the story. infidelity has existed since the days of polygamy and the cultural values of monogamy have only complicated matters those in relationships remain just as susceptible to being cheated on as ever before not that you'd necessarily realize it after all most Affairs are conducted in secret and to suss one out you'd either have to catch your partner red-handed or they'd have to confess according to a recent survey of People who had cheated in a relationship one in four had proactively broken the news to their partner. And another one in four said their partner had caught them in an affair. If these numbers match up to reality then roughly half of all cheaters get away without ever being caught but before you boldly embarked on a secret affair of your own beware that technology may have a hand in whether or not you succeed in. In 2019 NFL Network correspondent Jane Slater shared a story about uncovering a former lovers Affair Slater's then-boyfriend had given her a Fitbit for Christmas and the couple sync their matching watches the plan was to encourage each other to stay fit by monitoring each other's workouts, but Slater ended up with a lot more information than she anticipated. She became suspicious one morning when she noticed her boyfriend was unaccounted for For at 4 a.m. Even though it was an unusual time for him to work out Slater still checked her Fitbit. Her partner's heart rate was through the roof after a little sleuthing. She discovered. He wasn't out for an impromptu Sprint her boyfriend had been busy with something and someone else. And while technology makes it easier to catch your partner in a lie, it also makes it easier for them to find that fling in the first place over the past 20 years dating technology has expanded to include people who are already and meshed in relationships. They're all looking for a little something on the side and the excuses very well. Some may be looking to diversify their sex life Others May simply have a thirst for adventure. Double life filled with titillating Secrets still others are in it for more emotional reasons, their primary relationship may not be providing the validation and affection. They crave causing them to look elsewhere to fulfill their needs as one married woman reported. I was not looking for love not looking to leave my husband. I was just looking for companionship. She had been doing her best to endure her unhappy marriage and she was determined to stay. Her husband for the sake of their two children, then one night her spouse made an unkind remark that sent her over the edge fed up with his insufficiencies. She whipped out her phone and opened her internet browser. She furiously typed the words woman looking for men to have affairs with her search brought up a list of results at the top was a promising dating site called ashleymadison.com. Ashley Madison Prides itself in being the premier website for catering to wandering spouses its competitors have less obscure names ranging from hush Affairs to elicit encounters, but they all offer the same apparent oxymoron as Ashley Madison married dating these websites give users in committed relationships and opportunity to encounter someone new regardless of whether or not they To leave their current partner. And as Ashley Madison's former president Ruben Buell has pointed out this function of online dating has been around for as long as dating websites themselves prior to Ashley Madison's establishment in 2001 roughly 30% of people on dating sites were married. These users were faced with an inevitable choice to live an online lie and pretend they were single or to be honest and risk rejection. Action Ashley Madison's simply leveled the playing field despite being an Avenue for cheating. It offered a paradoxical honesty each person on the platform new why everyone else was there? They all wanted an affair with its Cloak and Dagger premise and Sleek sexy design the website took off. It charged users by using a stealthy ever-changing billing ID intended to mislead. Newbie spouses and it offered various pricing tiers each giving users access to more features on the site. One of these was Ashley gifts these were virtual presence. You could give to another user as a way to show your interest and Peak. There's other specials included Traveling Man and traveling woman a feature to locate other users outside your usual zip codes boring business trips could now Now be a chance for an exciting new fling regardless of whether you're looking to hook up or form a long lasting connection Ashley Madison seem to have it all and the marketing on the platform reflected this breadth on the one hand. It hinted at shared misery with tag lines such as meat bored men and lonely housewives. But at the same time it retained an iconic adventuresome slogan life is short have an affair. The strategy worked as of 2015 the site was amassing an average of 30,000 new users every day. Everyone wanted to believe that they could live a double life and get away with it, but the fantasy didn't last for long. In 2015 Avid life media, the parent company of Ashley Madison received a special request from a group of hackers who called themselves the impact team. They opposed Avid life's married dating services and demanded that they shut down Ashley Madison as well as his sister sites established men, which connected younger women with older potentially married men and Cougar Life, which offered older potentially married women. An Avenue to meet younger men, but Ashley Madison seem to make the impact team the most livid unlike Avid life's other services which included users who were unmarried Ashley Madison was exclusive to users who were already in relationships. The impact team also alleged that Avid life media was hoodwinking Ashley Madison customers who are trying to leave the service whenever a user tried to delete their Ashley Madison profile. They were asked to pay $19 to completely erase their data from the site the impact team claimed that even if users paid this obnoxious exit fee Avid life media was an actually wiping them from the database eventually the cybercriminals patients wore out and they decided to take their anger out on both the company and its customers on July 15 2015 impact team broke into Ash. We Madison's database over the next few weeks. The criminals released a laundry list of information about the site's users including names credit cards and addresses to make matters worse. The hackers also publicized users private fantasies things like spanking and male seeking male appeared alongside user names and home addresses and true to the hackers words the list included Ashley Madison users that had Supposedly deleted their profiles long ago. There was no escaping the Scandal even as someone had been smart enough to use a pseudonym on the site. They could still be traced using their financial details. The damage was extensive. On August 24th, 2015 Christy Gibson discovered her husband's lifeless body at their home in Mississippi. He had committed suicide Christie could hardly believe the nightmare her spouse 56 year old. Dr. John Gibson had been the Beloved pastor of a local Baptist Church and a respected professor at the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary. What's more he had deeply loved Christy and their Run if life was so good. Why had Gibson chosen to end it the note explained everything less than a week before more results from the Ashley Madison hack had been publicized Gibson's name and information at been on the list the thought of facing his colleagues his congregation and his family had been more than he could bear in his letter Gibson apologize to Christie and their children for his shortcomings. He's as well as his death. He was clearly ashamed. The shocking news rippled through doctor Gibson's Community grief counseling was offered to his students on campus and friends and family members alike expressed the desire to have spoken with him first. They wish dr. Gibson had given them the chance to show their love and forgiveness Gibson's indiscretion and the response to his death reflected a greater truth about infidelity as psychotherapist. Esther perel says affairs. Good marriages and bad marriages young old straight gay you name it virtually anyone in a committed relationship is susceptible to infidelity. Even if you don't set up a dating profile with the intention of cheating on your partner, you can easily be Tangled in other loopholes and it's not just the physical Rendezvous that constitutes infidelity. You could be cheating on your partner in other ways without even realizing it. it Up next the slippery slope of infidelity now back to the story. With the rise of dating technology people are not only finding more ways to meet new lovers. They're also discovering then used for cheating on current ones. Nothing sums up this phenomenon like the married dating website Ashley Madison in 2015, the platform experienced a data breach that divulged the identities of millions of its married users, but in spite of this upset philanderers have Continued to thrive on line. It seems that thirst for an affair is still worth the risk as of early 2019 Ashley Madison had hit a total of 60 million members and it was reportedly growing by 20,000 members each day. The male to female usership ratio was promising lie, even with roughly 1.11 female accounts to every mail account everyone regardless of Of gender age or background was still looking to cheat for some it's hard to imagine seeking out an affair much less logging onto a dating website to do. So, but if you think shunning technology will keep your current relationship of float think again online or on the street infidelity Works in a myriad of ways. It all starts with a little thing called flirtation. Let's be real if you're going to end up cheating on the person you're in love with and have sworn to never betray. You probably won't Begin by throwing yourself into bed with someone. You've only just met if this sounds like you then you've probably cheated on your partner before but for everyone else who's cutting their teeth on the game of infidelity. You should know that it usually begins with a Relation the kind we tell ourselves is Innocent, but that we wouldn't really want our partner to witness. You can talk about the Supreme Court or how to change a tire but we all know that what's really going on is a flirtation an attempt on your behalf to judge if that person is equally into you and a chance for you to show yourself off after all. We're just like animals when we see something we like it's Hard not to Peacock as you talk you're also sending nonverbal signals your use of body language eye contact smiles and tone of voice are all meant to encourage your Target and lower them into your sexual Aura and vice versa. If the other person is attracted to you. They're also trying to bait you with their own unspoken cues. Both of your pheromones will come into play as well whether or not you realize it you are. Ding Muskie sense to each other that only compound your mutual attraction Napoleon bonaparte's summed up this phenomenon in a letter to his wife Josephine as he traveled home from war it said home in three days. Don't wash once the conversation is over. You may leave without knowing whether you'll ever meet again, but the traps have already been laid and honeyed. You now face a decision about whether you will see this person again and how you will behave the next time you come into contact. Some people are very strict about their boundaries purposely avoiding someone whose last interaction left them feeling guilty others may be too far gone. They are intrigued by this new romantic interest and they can't stop entertaining all the what ifs that swirl through their love hormones can be introduced at this phase as you obsessively replay your memories of the other person in spite of your better judgment you continue to fantasize each time adding more arousing details to the scenario until eventually you wish you could play out these fantasies in real life the next time you see this person the Asian may be insurmountable your attraction coupled with your growing desire to be with them makes it seem impossible not to take things a step further and then another and before you know it you could be knee-deep in a sexual affair. And sex isn't the only elicit perk of infidelity. In fact, there's a totally different type of cheating that many fall prey to it's called emotional infidelity and many people don't realize they are engaged in it until it's too late the psychologist. Dr. Seth Meyers explains this phenomenon emotional infidelity refers to the behavior that one partner engages in which Emotional Intimacy in the Here and Now with someone else and sometimes promotes the possibility of sexual intimacy in the future workplaces and Friends circles are prime breeding grounds for these underhanded Affairs which typically develop over frequent prolonged interactions you and the other person's support each other in personal ways that are usually exclusive to romantic relationships for example disclosing details of your current relationship. Relationship that you know, your partner wouldn't have wanted you to share that's always a red flag whether or not it leads to sex an emotional affair still feels dishonest to make matters worse. It can drive a wedge in your current relationship over time. You become less and less open with your partner since your emotional needs are being met elsewhere as you develop more affinity for who you crush is you may come to Unfairly despise your current partner for who they are not you might even blame the affair on them and not yourself. Emotional Affairs can be a seemingly innocent road to the end of your current relationship and it's an odd turn of events considering that many people begin Affairs precisely because they have no intention of leaving their partner. They know that the cost is high their family friendships finances and career may all be at stake other people worry about their reputation. No one wants to be remembered as that person who cheated it. Harry's Sleazy stigmas and dishonest connotations But for others an affair emotional or physical is just a roundabout way of calling it quits as marriage therapist. Dr. Caroline Madden notes often. This is the type of person who doesn't want to be the bad guy and instead cheats allowing their partner to find out in hopes. The other person will do the breaking up. It's a strange logic considering that breaking up is usually considered a more honest offense than infidelity. And the messy effects of cheating can be even more damaging than a clean break often the Betrayed person displays symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder like victims of physical or emotional abuse. This partner can feel tortured by the infidelity. They exhibit signs of disorientation and unstable emotions, and they vacillate between emotional extremes at one moment. They may be completely numb and the next they may be trying to retaliate. In January of 2017 residents of Warrick England noticed laminated signs on the lamp poles around town. Each of them depicted a red heart hanging from a noose across the heart was a man's name Graham the signs read if she's so good in bed. You can stay there the note went on to say that gramsci's were at the bottom of the canal. His credit cards had been maxed out and the locks on his home had been changed. It was signed from his ex-lover Linda. and while the sting of betrayal can make you want to Tar and feather your partner in front of a whole village other victims choose to give their partner a second chance, but even the high road has its own pitfalls nowadays staying in a relationship with someone who has cheated on you is often seen as shameful victims feel pressure from family and friends to spurn their former partner, despite any of their own desires to try to repair the relationship if they do You decide to give their partner another chance. They may be met with ridicule from those nearest and dearest to them. This only exacerbates their existing feelings of foolishness. After all they just found out an affair had been going on right under their noses for many victims of cheating. Their hour of need is compounded by the withdrawal of the only people they can still trust in other instances. It may actually be someone from your inner circle who contributed to the a affair in the first place. Sometimes your partner's lover is a known friend. In 2018, Florida resident Denise Williams was found guilty of helping to murder her husband. Mike Williams. The case was nearly 20 years old prior to Mike's death Denise had been carrying on an affair with his best friend a man named Brian Winchester. Mike had no idea that the two people closest to him were betraying him and he wasn't even given the chance to find out. On December 16 mm. Mike and Bryan took out a boat to go duck hunting not long after they set sail Brian pushed Mike overboard before shooting him in the face with a 12-gauge shotgun. Brian drag Mike's body to Shore and buried him several miles outside of Tallahassee authorities believe that Mike had round, but they were unable to locate his remains in reality Brian and Denise had colluded on the entire scheme and shortly after Mike's death Denise collected nearly two million dollars in life insurance five years later. She and Brian married each other, but in 2016. I mean they divorced and Brian's willingness to commit violence resurfaced once more that same year. He kidnapped Denise at gunpoint in her own car the authorities quickly caught up with Brian and sentenced him to 20 years in prison in the process. He confessed to Mike's murder and the case was cracked wide open Denise was sentenced to life in prison. Her demise points to perhaps the darkest truth about infidelity at the end of the long exciting Road. You may be no better off than before sometimes the new relationship can even end up practically identical to the first one as marriage and family therapist. Dr. Steven Benson says, I found that people choose lover. Who are just like the spouses they're dissatisfied with they just haven't spent enough time with them to realize it and at other times as in the case of Denise Williams things can be much worse after all. Can you ever really trust someone who was willing to cheat with you in the first place and vice versa? Can they ever trust you perhaps the saddest part is that in the end cheating breaches the fundamental reason why people for love in the first place they want one person they can mutually trust and share their life with whereas infidelity grasps for the exciting parts of being in a relationship the most valuable Treasures things like real intimacy and communication come later on and they're often refined through times of struggle and even boredom with your partner by having an affair you can effectively Swindle yourself out of your best chance at loves longest-lasting rewards on the road to love cheaters never prosper fur Thanks for listening to the dark side of next week will be back to discuss the Dark Side of wedding traditions. You can find more episodes of the dark side of for free on Spotify. Not only to Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite Park Castor Originals for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker. Just open the app and type the Dark Side of in the search bar, and don't forget to follow. Louis on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at Park S network. We'll see you next time. The Dark Side of was created by Max Cutler and is a park a Studios original executive producers include Max and Ron Cutler sound design by Brian golub with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Travis Clark this episode of the dark side of was written by Ali wicker with writing assistance by Kate Gallagher and stars Kate Leonard and Richard Rosner. hi it's Kate Richard and I have a new show we can't wait for you to check out every Tuesday delve into the minds of some of the world's most infamous and feared leaders in par casts original series dictators join us as we examine the reign of a real-life Tyrant exploring the unique conditions that allowed them to seize control discover the government's that fell the lives that were destroyed and Evil at its highest level search for dictators in the Spotify app and listen free today.