Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your feetFlat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top. So that your hands are resting on your abdomen as you breathe in you want to feel your belly expand beneath your hands? As you exhale contract and squeeze all the air out breathing slowly through the mouth. Repeat this same breath as you breathe in deep deep breath from the belly expanding the abdomen. Exhale contract and squeeze all that are back out. Same breath breathe in deep through the nose and a slow breath out through the mouth. I want you to continue that same flow of breath filling your belly expand. And contract filling the belly rise. and fall and as you're breathing imagine that with those inhales you are taking in that beautiful life force energy. So you are bringing life force energy into your body as you're breathing in and as you are exhaling your goal is to release any resistance any tension that's built up in the body. So we will go through a progressive relaxation. So start to notice your toes the tops of your feet the bottoms of your feet your ankles your calves your shins and your knees and with your next exhale release any resistance there. Moving up into your thighs into the back of the legs the glutes the lower abdomen breathe in. And breathe out releasing any resistance in the lower body. softening relaxing through your exhales breathing in filling up the belly noticing the lower back the mid-back the chest collar bones and the upper back breathing in as you slowly exhale release any tension Noticing now your left shoulder your left arm your elbow left forearm your wrist your palms and your fingers breathing in and releasing any tension through your exhale. Focusing now on your right side noticing your right shoulder your right arm your elbow forearm wrist palms and your fingers breathing in slow-mo exhale releasing any tension or resistance in your right side and pause here for a moment. Take another deep breath and filling up your belly. As you exhale feel your entire body from the neck down release any and all resistance. And start to notice the back of your neck your throat the back of your head the top of your head down into your third eye relax here eyebrows, relax, your eyelids. Relax your cheeks your lips your jaws taking a breath in and releasing resistance and the neck shoulders the head in the face. And now I'll start to imagine that as you breathe in your drawing life force energy from that lower abdomen up the spine up to the very top of your head and exhaling as it reaches your third eye. Breathing in drawing energy up through the spine. And exhaling releasing that tension that energy out through the arms fingers legs and Toes breathing in drawing that energy up from the spine all the way up through the crown through the third eye and releasing through the limbs. regenerating rejuvenating refreshing the body and the mind and the spirit until next week. Thank you and have a beautiful day.