Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game questioning of this would be an emotional letdown questioning if they would be so tired based off of the effort they gave in Washington DC the night before but I know I know that this team is consistent and that they would come out and they would handle business and that's exactly what they did Carter heart in between the pipes. The kid is so special here is his home record 19 2 and 2 with the save percentage of 942. Okay, and he's also giving up 1.64 goals against at the Wells Fargo Center. He was great when he needed to be great and I love watching the kid compete in between the pipes. It's so special. Watch he was a key factor in this game and show was scoring depth losing jvr. That was a big conversation. It looks like it's more of a finger than it is the hand itself, which is good news, I guess but it looks like the timetable will be about 4 to 6 weeks. I was concerned about the scoring death, but this team showed me listen, JB Yar is a great player, but we can plug and play and Joel Fair be actually cracked the top six minutes. Because alleyne been yo talked about how when he called him back up. He wants to put him in a position to succeed. So Scott Law and took that third line role. This team can plug and play and you're watching it every single night. Now, we need to talk about my promo code bro debt seek before we move on. But wow, is this team? Awesome to watch every single night every night. So get yourself to a game use the promo code brodes at seeks. Check out you saved 20 bucks, which is free parking. If you go to Jetro, it's a no-brainer. Use the promo code brodes today. The first period I thought that there were moments where Carolina work the puck around in the offensive zone. They did keep the puck by the perimeter. It wasn't as if they were getting great a scoring chance after grade A scoring chance, but there were some shifts where you saw some tired flyers in the zone and the Hurricanes first line definitely created some noise and just work the puck around which kept the Flyers, you know going from one position to the net from Back to the corner to the net from back to Porter and and working the Flyers as a whole but it didn't matter they didn't score on those place. It just look like the Flyers maybe didn't have their legs underneath of them while Carolina had a couple days off and they were able to get going. By the way, Carolina is destroyed on the back end. They don't have their to net minders. We all know about how they put in a 42 year old Zamboni driver to beat the maple leaf. So that was an incredible story. We know where they are when it comes to net minding and I think that was a pretty big part of this game because at the end of the first period Here Comes Ivan prover off who is coming hold. Just like last game coming in waves right here. It comes here comes our scoring Here Comes our defenseman joining the rush. And by the way, if you look at the statistics, the Flyers defense their phenomenal when it comes to producing points in scoring goals, but I digress Here Comes Ivan prover of who gets the puck in a great a scoring chance. He throws a biscuit on that here comes the rebound that just pops right out to him and he puts it in for a one to nothing lead right before the first period ends now if this was a legitimate, Emmett starting goalie in the NHL. I don't know if that juicy rebound would have been there for him. But listen, that was the circumstance in this game and the Flyers have to execute on that. You have Grant getting the assist you have Scott Law and getting the assistant and how about Grant? This guy makes nothing and I actually got criticized when I tweeted about the Acquisitions Nate Thompson and Derek Grant I said, this was terrific it was terrific. Yes, it was based off of the circumstances based off of where the Flyers were when it came to cap space at that time. You're getting a guy who can play center who can play Wing who was a veteran presence and I'm talking about Derek Grant when it comes to Nate Thompson. He brings another element to the table, but he was great in this game to block and shots getting on the score sheet as well. When you look at the two Acquisitions at the trade deadline. Wow, did they really perform and have they been Since they got here, yes, the answer is clearly. Yes. here goes the second period Lawton pipilok raffle bang bang bag to nothing beautiful Puck movement. It starts from the d-zone the boys transition up the ice. They're moving the puck easily on each other sticks bang bang bang. They know where everyone's going to be at the same time and I'm talking about this third line and I mentioned how you have jvr moved off the that left wing because of the injury and Scott long and gets thrown in there like Scott. All in it could have been Joel Farabee and who knows that play could have still happened with Fair be on the left side. My point is Alain Vian. Yo is pushing all the right buttons and putting players in the right positions and it's working out almost every single time. We can date this back to the first game of the back-to-back in Washington DC Brian Elliott gets the nod a lot of fans are a little upset. They want to see Carter heart and a big moment. They know that he hasn't been great on the road. So here's an opportunity after winning a game in Madison Square Garden. Why not? Right, why not? But Elaine video puts in the veteran puts in Bryan Elliott and they win so it clearly worked he understands his team. And this was a move that stands out to me when you look at where he put Farabee where he put law in and it worked in this game as Scott Law in his on the scoresheet more than once it's incredible. What a lame video does and how smart he is when it comes to understanding his team and knowing how these players are gelling right now. third period Justin Williams scores a goal and this was so fluky. Of course, it's Justin Williams, right? Mr. Game seven. I thought the guy would retire but he ended up coming back to the Hurricanes throughout the season. It looks like they might be just gonna come up short when it comes to the postseason. Although who knows what's going to happen and in that wild-card spot in the couple teams right out in the couple teams in it is become a big mess in a big group of teams. Just really battling it out until the very rent When you look at Justin Williams though and how he scored this goal the way the Zone the way the puck got into the Zone. It looked like it could have been offsides. It looked like a couple of the Flyers could have poke check the puck away, but it was bouncing all over the place and it was just a fluke ego. It was weird. It was odd. I don't think they really deserved it. I don't think the Flyers played it poorly. The puck luck was clearly on the other team side and they found a way to put a pass card or heart to make it two to one. But here's the thing that I talk about when it comes to Justin see with the orange and the black we saw the same thing happen against the Caps. We've seen it happen for a while. Now when something occurs, right when the other team scores a goal to crack into the lead or they make it a one-goal lead instead of a two goal lead, right the other team finds a way to score. What do the Flyers do they answer they respond? And when you look at what happened now the puck we just talked about Puck luck. The puck luck was on the flyer side. Here is Nate Thompson picks it up throws it net front. All Beka Bell gets it. He's by the goal line. He throws it on net it hits off the goalie and goes in from a weird angle and when things are right things really go right and that was clearly a situation where that is the case, but the point is the Flyers responded instantly you get your depth scoring going you got your fourth line on the board as soon As the canes found a way to crack into the lead. I mean, it's phenomenal what this team does they don't they don't get down on themselves? They don't make mistakes. They don't get all worried and start throwing the puck around and they're not on the back of their heels. No, no. No, they just attacked they get back to business. They do the simple things. They get there for check going. The for check is so fast. They get on guys this game was physical from both sides of the ice running. Comes to the for checking and and also in the Deezer and I saw Robert Hague throwing a couple mean hit specifically early or bake Abell getting in there. I mean the boys were throwing around the bodies it got tough. It got brutal out there not as much as it did the night prior, but I think it's because of where the hurricanes are. They feel the need that they got to make a statement. They got to fight and scratch for every point that they possibly can get going into Philadelphia where the Flyers are clearly red-hot when this team is clearly Clicking as a squad to a full effect. I think the canes knew that so they brought the energy they brought the physicality but the Flyers clearly matched that as well they were able to reach that intensity and more and that's why they came out on top. So when it was three two one the boys continue to do their thing Claude Giroux with an incredible stop at the Blue Line keeps it in the zone in the offensive zone it gets Down low vorachek is banging away in the crease and it finds couturier stick for a four to one lead. And that's where it all timidly ended. Now Carter heart made some saves as Carolina came and threw some shots on that and they came with some buzz later in the third period and that's clearly going to happen. But Carter heart came up big in some key spots making some great age saves when people are left open in the slot or where they get a nice cross crease pass. Here he comes pushing from post to post. It was great. It was a great watch. So prover off. Are you serious with this kid? He is so damn good and it's so hard to even think about what he was last season because it was so ugly if you remember last season at all, which I know we all try and get out of our heads because it was a season to forget. I've been prover all of was so abysmal sec. And it was concerning talking about his contract for this year just like Travis connect me and him holding out. I've improve Rob went through her process not as long as TK's but he went through a process. We didn't know what to expect from programs, but you get Matt in this content in the mix and it has been a great security blanket for the young defenseman. He feels more confident out there. He doesn't mind joining the rush because he understands that Matt and his skin is a guy who has a ton of experience who will stay back who will be able to defend if something does go wrong because of Matt niskin in his presence out there and not just on the ice, but off the ice. I'm sure when it comes to film and everything else when it comes Adjust being a professional I've improved valve is thriving based off of the veteran presence on the D. Chord. Justin Brown. I'm sure he's doing the same thing even though they are not de partners. Ivan Pro. Rob was a stud in this game. Let's get to Joel Fair because he got thrown into the mix once again. And I thought he had some good chances. He got robbed a few times. He had one where he was right in the slot and the goaltender made a really nice save and there was another one where he was going back door a great pass cross crease and he wasn't able to execute their but he had scoring chances. He was playing with speed you can see his energy was there. He played a good game. He just wasn't able to You actually put the puck behind the goalie and hopefully that will come as he continues to play because I thought he was strong. He was noticeable. He caught my eye a few times and he made some plays it just came down to you know, maybe maybe maybe he's pressing too hard. Maybe he's so I don't know not I'm not going to go as far as say nervous, but maybe just grabbing The Twig tightly knowing that he has to fulfill a big role knowing where he is right now in the lineup if he was able to score it would be a big eight men and especially in the first game back. So he's grabbing on that stick just a little too tightly if couple games get under his belt again and he gets back into the Rhythm and it'll just come to him. Naturally. The the hands will become a little looser. So he'll be able to find that one that Rangers game was crazy and I bring that Rangers game up because they played the capitals and it was goal after goal. After goal. After goal is have been a Jad gets five goals Alexander Ovechkin scores late to force it over time Flyers. Really needed the Rangers to win that game in regulation to give the Flyers The full-on Possession for first place. We know that did not happen by now, but that game was just so wild so crazy. So entertaining and just the fact that as I stated from the top that the Flyers are even in this conversation. Oh, well, they're not really in first place there in second because of the tiebreaker. Okay. Well if they continue to play this way, then they will take care of business themselves. All right, it'll all work out. Just the fact that this agent even happening that puts the smile on my face. That's all that truly matters. I mean, I'm rocking the Flyers jersey again because they deserve it the same Flyers J. It's going on afterwards after the game. You can follow me on Twitter at Brody 81. I'm going crazy. I got the feel - a song going on and I'm dancing going nuts in my recording studio because that's how much excitement I have four. Squad right. Now the Sixers played at 10:00 and I love watching the Sixers. They are a tough watch this season and a tough watch right now. It was hard for me to really get in that game. Just based off the adrenaline I had from the Fly Guys winning eight straight games. It was hard for me to dial in and get engaged now eventually I did as the game an ombre early first quarter even early second quarter. I'm still going my blood still boy. Boiling in my heart still beating just watching what's going on with the Flyers on Twitter and things like that because you're just that exciting everyone's talking about them. Now, they're getting recognition from the NHL NHL Network NBC Sports. They're talking about this magical ride that this flyer Squad is on and it's beautiful. It's beautiful to see this team getting recognized Travis connect me Sean couturier, and you know what we've been bothered by Jake vorachek even vorachek has been on another level and let's talk About Claude Giroux because he's been getting so much hate you get a guy not this season. Just talking about Claude Giroux and not being able to win a Stanley Cup. He's the worst leader in the world strip to see you bring in a new head coach, you're bringing a new GM and it's a totally different outlook on the organization. You got the captain in the room buying it and it all starts there. He's bought in he has everybody else bought in and he Has been a legitimate leader this season. He has provided so much for this team. Not just on the ice and what he brings to the table work ethic wise and things like that scoring goals the power play. He also brings it in the room and the buy-in factor is so strong when it comes to him and Elaine van yo, it is rubbing off to every single player on the team. And you know, what else is great the personality you have personality Travis connect me the pest that is chirping all the time. He's he's one hell of a personality in the locker room and and even outside to the media. You see a little bit of of his I was going to say the funniness but money's mic'd up and the Flyers put stuff out on their social media pages when it's 80s night, and he's skating around and warm-ups asking players about why did the lady videos iPod make the Pregame playlist just things like that. You can relate to these players Scott Law in chirping their style of play. You can relate to it. It and you haven't seen that over the last however many years when it comes to the squad. All right. So let's hit the 24/7 anytime hotline the phone number eight five six, four four two nine eight zero five. You can call it at any time. Yo, bro codes loving the shows and we keep getting better and better keep up the Fantastic work bro. Don't just watching this flyer Carolina games crazy right now, man. That's just fire changes looks so good. Someone just got laid out dude. This is amazing. Like I was watching a fire hazard exciting. I've never I haven't felt this way watching the Flyers and a very long time and I'm loving it. Hopefully they just keep up this pressure and we should easily win this game. Take it easy. Thank you very much a team like an in game called of course and we know they did win the game. The one thing you stated that really stands out to me is the excitement around this team. There are people out there who follow basketball, they follow football in the Eagles and and the Phillies of course, but Flyers not everyone follows the Flyers to this insane degree, and I understand that that's been a Hot Topic around Philadelphia sports radio over the last few days is are you allowed to jump on the And wagon, and absolutely I don't expect people to watch the flyers every single night like the Diehard Flyers fans do it just actually doesn't make sense when you break it down. Logically. It doesn't bother me. They're playing hot right now jump on income. Enjoy the ride. Maybe you you witness good hockey. It'll get you involved in watching hockey. It'll get you going and and you'll start watching the Flyers a lot more. I'm all for it. You talk about the excitement. It's getting the the city and the Ends the Casual fans and even the fans that aren't even casual just hey, I like Phil we sports fans, but I'm not going to dive into heavily. It's getting everyone watching their eyes. Their eyes are on the Flyers and that's what this is really come to when it couldn't make me any more happy to see couldn't make me happier to see that happening around the city. You know brooch first time caller Rich from Western New York, you know, this Flyers team is I'm almost scared to think of what they could accomplish because I just don't want to get my heart broken again. But this team is like one I've never seen and I mean I'm a longtime lifelong Flyers fan, but there's something different about this team and the thing is the oh, yeah, they're on an eight-game winning streak, but they're not beaten teens and shoot. Out your overtime or if there's nothing fluke they're just beating them from start to finish and mean 5 2 4 1 there's no nail-biters. I mean that just tells you the level of talent young and too old. It's just the chemistry. I don't know. I think it's all come together. And like I said, I'm really guarded to thank you know that we could actually do it, but man they are so fun to watch they really are so fun to watch. Now the heartbroken comment is something that is very interesting to me because I thought about this driving home today as well when it when it came to the Flyers season now that they are playing this way and everyone's talking about. Well, they are a contender. Well, they can compete and in the NHL it's a lot different than the NBA. If you have an NBA Finals type team, you know, you have an NBA Finals type team. Don't get me wrong are the Bruins and a Stanley Cup type Squad, of course Tampa Bay you Think so although based off of what happened last year in the postseason. You don't really know. My point is with hockey anyone can win and the Flyers are at least in the mix with any other team that can win. They have that that type of squad. I mean look at the st. Louis Blues last year, you just never know but they at least have the same percentage as anybody else when it comes to the talent at the top of the league. That's what makes me excited but expectations change a lot. It really does and if you go into the postseason with a different vibe compared to saying Well, this is house money. It can totally change the outcome of the thought process of the season if that makes sense, if they go out in the first round, but they go six games and they don't advance and going into their postseason. You thought differently than say, you did two weeks ago. It can change you don't want to get too heavily invested because you just don't know if this is some sustainable I get it at the same time. They are playing this way. They are consistent. They're doing it on a nightly basis. They're beating all the They're supposed to they're showing the same effort every night at some point. Do you have to let it sink in that? This is the team and this team is capable of really getting it done. You need to find the mix of, you know, not getting way too overboard and demanding a Stanley Cup and saying well this team is good enough to legitimately compete with the top teams in the league. You see it with their winning record against those type but squats. I'm watching the Flyers game the wild 41 It gave up a gold baby and then they scored two goals in 26 seconds. This file is team is amazing. I'm so pumped up. Let's go baby. Let's go Stanley Cup. Here. We come. Love what you do, by the way brosé. I love you, bro. Take care of Let's Go Fly was baby. Let's go. Let's go. Listen to The Joy. Listen to the joy. That was an incredible incredible call. How about that? He brought up one thing that really stood out to me in this game that I mentioned earlier on they give up a goal and what do they do bang bang respond twice? Come on now, come on. Hey bros, I'm calling from from Virginia and I'm a big fan of the show. Just got done watching the Flyers play the hurricane great game. Not sure on the capital theme yet her mother over at the time. I'm recording this but really excited to see if we can take first place and really excited how this team can go when it comes to postseason time because kind of the show. Thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. Thank you for calling it this team is just so. Much fun so much fun. And you know what earlier they were getting it done, but it wasn't the same way. They were winning games but it didn't have this look and and they finally gelled to the point where they look insane the best way to describe it is insane people do not want to see the Flyers on their schedule what we've seen teams due to the Flyers over the years when they go into their building and when when they play at home, like what What teams did to the Flyers over the years we are now doing it to them and it feels so much better this way. I prefer it. Well, I prefer it. I prefer this. This is so great. This is so great. I'm not going to be able to sleep. I woke up this morning. And when I say this clearly this game did not occur. The Flyers canes game. The last game was fires capitals. I was making my coffee. I put on my TV. I put on YouTube I put on Flyers capitals. Standard highlights. I was sipping my coffee watching the highlights enjoying it. Just embracing the fact that Carolina had no shot to go into the Wells Fargo Center and beating the fires. They had no shot knowing Carter heart was in the net they didn't stand a chance and guess what it came out that way. You know, why because we can expect the Flyers to win on a nightly basis. They are that great of a hockey team. They have a phenomenal chance of beating their opponent every single night. They stepped. Up on that ice and they're still getting depth scoring. He been with jbr out and you look at everyone Nicholas all baked. Ooh Bell made Thompson Scott Law and Kevin Hayes Pit Lake ruffle. What about roffels nights? Why do they play next Saturday against Buffalo? I'm itching. I'm itching for that game and it please be tomorrow. They don't need a night off. They don't need a night off. I need more Flyers hockey have them play every single night until the playoffs. I don't care. I need to say it. I need my fix it's too beautiful.