Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love andSoon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question. 19 usually we do if you're a consistent listener, you know, we usually do like a little life. Okay, how you doing? But we did that last week because we're still sitting in the same spot. Yes. We recording this in the same session, right? We've got that momentum. Yep. Got that boom. Boom. Boom. You got that boom. Boom pow that chicken is jacking my style, but it was not the words. I don't know. I think it's that chick be jacking them like I you know better than I the I think that's another misheard lyrics by my stepmom. Another famous One in our house. Is she thought it was I now let me just say I don't understand why she would think this because Gwen Stefani is a white woman, but she thought it was I ain't no Harlem black girl. I ain't no hollaback girl, but it's holla back, right? Yeah. Well, she's not a harlem black girl. She's not she's white and probably for Michigan or something. I think she's from OC Gwen Stefani, I believe. She's from Fullerton California. Is that aren't County? I'm not sure Orange County. That is an Italian. All right, here you go jumping back in question. Number 19. You got the odds. I got the evens. Right? Right, right. Okay, if you knew that in one year, you died suddenly. Would you change anything about the way you're now living and why? Yes, I absolutely would. um What would I do though? I would just I would run away with you. I would just say, you know, damn it. I would just I would go travel for a long I would travel for like maybe three or four months and see like everything and just spend all the money. I have saved up and not worry about anything else, but leave myself enough time to come back in like Do the things I want to do here, you know, like what I don't know but like wrap wrap wrap things up. I don't know I'd love to travel but I'd also love to like spend the the end of my days kind of just like hanging with you watching good mythical morning. Yes. Yeah. Well my getting a make a wish in this scenario. What's that? Make a wish? What does that mean? You don't know Make-a-Wish has the fanfic the organization and what they do they they set up like, oh they they celebrities. Something usually yeah. Sure. Yeah. My Make-a-Wish was they gave me a check to put towards my tuition for college? Okay. That's what my Make-a-Wish ended up being. Yeah. I think that's a stipulation here. But fuck. Well, what if you what if you what if it were but what I do from a Make-a-Wish sure who I don't know. I don't I I wouldn't want it to be like I wouldn't want to do like a meet and greet with somebody like exceptionally famous. I would want to do something. More fun with someone less famous, you know, like I'd love to like be on an episode of like not another D&D podcast and just like play D&D with people. I find funny or something or like be on an episode of Good Mythical Morning. They've done that before, you know, and do some like stupid activity or game with Rhett and Link. That's better than like my original make a wish when I was sick was I was going to go see blink in Connecticut and then do I can Eat & Greet with them Which is cool, but it's just like a five-minute thing, you know, another do something a little more personal with someone that is less famous. All right, you know, what about you? I don't I'd sell everything I own that I don't need. Yeah that find a way to stop making Spears vegan kitchen videos for a living. Yeah, I guess I just have to Coast on savings for as long as possible. I would pour every ounce of my soul. Time and energy into writing my book my poetry book a legacy writing my music getting an album out and touring for it. That's what I would do. I'd have to make something before I leave. I just cut everything out. I'd stop going in the gym. I eat beans and rice and toast. You know what? I mean? Like I just ruthlessly cut everything out of my life that didn't involve creating things. Yeah and touching your butt. Yeah, my butt my butt is but yeah, well, you know, it's amazing about both of our answers is we can kind of do both of those things. Like that's kind of our plan. Anyway. Yeah right is to create as much as possible get it out as quickly as possible get it to as many people. It's possible but we have the fortune of not dying in a year. Probably right one hopes. Yeah. All right. All right number 20. What does friendship mean to you? What I don't really know man. We touched on this in the previous previous episode. There was a question about what was it? What do you value in a friend or what's a quality you have to have in a friend? And I said, I don't have a lot of friends because I'm such an introvert and I like being alone and I feel like in most cases I'd usually like read a book or make something then spend time with other people. I don't know if that's not fair because I do. You know, I don't refuse opportunities to go hang out with people. Anyway, what does friendship mean? I guess it just means I don't know. There's so many definitions for it. It depends on what you're trying to get out of the friendship and it can be different for each one. Do you just want someone to divert yourself with do you want someone to confide in? You want someone to challenge you? I don't know if you could be a mix right like friendship to me means having someone I can just Someone that has similar interests but is always a low pressure situation, right? Okay, like I want someone who could just like hang out and they don't have to worry about like Being a certain way for them, right? I'm sorry. I'm just gonna be here. I'm going to be Eric and that's why you love me. Right and I love you because you're just sitting there and you're being you gonna have to like this. No stress. Yeah, just like, oh I have friends that I throw a baseball with or watch baseball with I have friends that I make music with it's just like whatever whatever we're into just like let's just do it and there's no pressure. That's the point of hanging out does need to be like a big stressful. Yeah, yeah like that. All right what roles do love and affection play in your life what roles do love and affection play in my life. A big one. I require a lot of love and affection and attention from you and I don't know why exactly but yeah, hey feeling loved is something I think everyone wants to feel right. They said that in the episode one of the episodes of queer eye. We watched last night that part of the human condition is wanting to everyone needs to be loved, right? As much as some people don't come off like that right or say they don't write whatever. I'm not like that. They're all me workers. Everyone wants to be loved. So yeah, they play a big role. They make me feel safe and comfortable and okay right when you squeeze me in scratch my back. I feel that love and I feel that affection and it makes me feel like everything's going to be okay somehow. All right. To give context we started watching queer eye last night. We were two episodes in Eric's sister recommended to it recommended it to us and she's recommended other stuff other series to us. So we haven't really watched but she was very adamant that she knew we would love it. So we were like, okay fine. Let's try it. And then the first episode made us both kind of like teary-eyed because is about an old man. Even that old about a 57 year old man named Tom from Georgia who he desperately needed a glow up and he was open to it from the beginning but he's like I've never been around gay guys before but he but he was totally like open and accepting. All right, the concept of the show is oh, yeah. There's this crew of gay men. Each of them has a specialty one of them does fashion interior design food culture culture. Yeah. I feel like we're missing one. We have four hair hair and style style roaming. Grooming is what he is. So they glow up a straight man. Yes. Yes. I thought it was a fiction show. I thought it was like a drama. I didn't know it was so, you know, it's a reboot from yes. Okay. Yeah from the early 2000s. Yeah, so I didn't Lauren told learn my sister might my sister. Lauren told me we would love it and it's like deeper than I thought it would be and it is both episodes like both episode. So far the two people the two straight guys were they had like different issues they kind of had to overcome. Well, they're both kind of self-confidence in different ways. But all five of these guys who are the hosts of the show are just like these like Brazen loud outgoing like super confident guys who are just like look at us. We're glamorous and we're Shining Confidence here, you know and that it really it really really works for some people very bad being around that so it really touched us truthfully. Yes. How did that come about because they were talking about love and affection being a fundamental need for humans, right? All right. I need to answer the question sure. What what I feel like the question the answers are becoming more and more elusive as we continue. Yeah, because what does it mean? I don't know. No. What do you get from my love and affection to review in the context of our specific relationship? I think the thing that I value the most is that we make things together and that that love allows us to it makes our disagreements worthwhile. It makes it motivates me to work through things rather than to run away some exams. Yeah, and I don't know. I have a history of turbulent relationships and being walled off and having that grounding relationship. I think is important. I have a history of being in relationships where I ignore that something is kind of wrong, you know. Yeah, every relationship is not perfect. So like this this one or two flaw flaws, like whatever. Yeah. It didn't matter in the long run, right because I have relationships perfect. That's how I felt and now I'm in a relationship that I don't think has any flaws. Well, that's not true. But I mean the flaws being there The Falls are positive. They help us in a way. They make us stronger because everything we've every disagreement we work through every challenge has made us staking us a level deeper. They put it this way. There are flaws in our relationship as there always are that's not how I want to phrase it. I wanted to phrase it is I don't there. No flaws of yours that bother me that I'm ignoring. Hmm, right in other relationships. Yo, you don't get my joke, whatever. That's just that's just one little thing. Oh, we don't really we don't have that many similar interests. Okay, that's fine. Whatever, you know, like there's nothing like that that's sticks out about you that I'm blatantly just trying to move past. Right? Right. There's no fundamental incompatibility. Exactly. Yeah. That's the thing. I feel like I suffered from this illusion that you could make any relationship work and I I just think sometimes you're incompatible and it doesn't mean that you're bad people for not being in love, you know. Yeah, it's about being honest with yourself. Right? Right. I mean my dear you're only really my third like real relationship in a way and the relationship before you this like, yeah, I could have kept it going but at some point I just had to be honest with myself and say I'm not as happy as I should be and here's why and I have to wake up in order to achieve that right. So I guess love is just that thing that makes challenge worth. Makes adversity worth overcoming, you know, it's like glue. Yeah, it's that it's that Amy's mac and cheese that holds the whole thing together. Right? So cheese sauce. We had a we had a frozen mac and cheese dish that was very gluey, which is what that joke was shall we? Yeah. Oh God, okay alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic of your partner share a total of five items. On what level 2 3 3 4 one of us had to for the other I think five ho5, each on what level yeah any level? Yeah. Why not you go first? You're pretty cute. Damn. I was going to say that mmm. Actually, I liked her eyeballs. Thank you. I'm going to I'm going to take that a step further and say sorry. This is a little gross for the listeners. I've never been so wildly attracted to someone a ever and be especially after years over almost three years of you being the only person I have sex with hmm. I'm just going to be honest and I'm going to say that on the podcast. I've never wanted to have sex with someone for so long. It's true. Yeah, it's interesting because I figured that that was just a thing that happens in relationships that it just fizzled out just gets old. Yeah, and I and I ask you this all the time. I'm like am I ever going to not like get butterflies when I look at you? You know what? I mean? I just like looking at you sometimes I think that's called cute that's called being a being meant for each other. Other MFE. Oh, yeah. Okay. I was this reminds me of untaxed shepherds podcast armchair expert. He had Johnny Knoxville on Johnny. Knoxville was talking about this horrible experience. He had on jackass one time. You broke his penis. It's a whole thing my God, but the point I'm trying to make is that as he was in the hospital who's recovering. He's so in love with his wife that after all these years his wife walked into the hospital room to check on him and he started getting an erection with rubina's or really hurt. But Jax was like Oh my God, you got an erection after being married for all he's like, yeah, I we're just really in love and I was always turned on by her. I like to know that that's a possibility. Absolutely. Yes. I don't I hasn't been modeled to me turns out your brains want to fuck each other too. It's true. Yeah it is. Yeah, okay, too. So that's the only one you're really funny. I might just start piggybacking off of what you say and just kind of flip it like yeah, I am really funny. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. My yeah number two is that you find to be very funny. I find it very attractive what you do? Well, yeah, I like feeling validated. Yes. But yeah, you have you have such a great sense of humor and comes from you being intelligent and we make you understand my Oaks and you make jokes to me that I've never heard anyone else say I'm like, huh? That's great. I didn't even think of I didn't think it made of making that joke and I think of making every joke, right, right. Okay number three. Oh. Well, we can flip it. I can go for number three. I like that. You're an extroverted balances us out and I like that you're an introvert because it balances us out and you know, sometimes I need to I've I've needed to learn to sometimes not talk as much and I think you've sometimes I think you've learned to talk more and be yourself more around others. I've learned to keep myself in a little more right? You know, what around for your really goddamn smart? And that affects a lot of areas you it helps me think right you make me think about things. I've never thought of her might not think of before and yeah, and it adds to your humor and it adds to every aspect of your personality, but I just really appreciate that. You're smarter than me. That's not true. Which part your knots. I'm not smarter than you absolutely are smarter than me. We have different areas of expertise. I went to Ithaca College matter if the college is next I could smell Cornell and that's about it. I went to Stamford Community College in Connecticut. Is that a thing? Probably Stamford is acid is a town in Connecticut. Yeah. Nice. What are we on? That was number four it was my fourth one to your fourth. Okay. I like that in spite of you. Sometimes being very grumpy you always you're the one who like makes us. Not be angry at each other. Does that make sense? I am I'm yeah, so if we get in a little fight, I'm very stubborn and I'll just like go into my hole and in the past. I've like been in relationships where the other person also did so we're just like ignoring each other, but you're the one who always is like Let's talk. Let's hug. Let's love each other. Do you know what I mean? So we're never really we don't we don't stay angry at each other ever for more than like five minutes. Yeah, you know, I mean, I feel like I'm having a memory of Dax and Kristen Bell who are married right talking about that how even if they're like mad at each other in order to each other. They'll still be like just just come here and hug me for one minute right? You can you can still not want to talk to me after but you're coming over here in your Me. Yeah, that's it like that. Apparently just it works like every time my fifth positive characteristic of you is that you are a damn talented. You're a damn fine musician. Oh, I thought you're going to say Chef. Oh, yeah, but that that too but I appreciate your musicality in your musicianship more. You have an amazing voice. Oh and you learn how to play piano like a pro in one year not exactly. And you're always like I can't play guitar and you absolutely can and what we've learned by making our first our first original cute threat song together is that you can write songs like it's tough. It's tough enough to be a musician. I think right to like be good at playing an instrument and learning music theory and whatnot. But it's a whole other talent to be able to write something that's catchy and it's and it's weird going into like, oh we're going Write original songs together you're being like, okay. Well, I have this catalog catalog of songs. Like let's work from this me being like Oh my God. I hope they're good. I would have they're not good because some people just can't put a a tune together like sections don't go into each other and they don't flow and the chords like okay, I guess it makes sense. But like it doesn't sound right. Hmm. That's like most of most people who try to write songs and you showed me all you shall be three songs the first night we were like, let's just get a feel for how this will work. I'm like, oh my god there they all make sense. They're all good. I know you could write lyrics I know you're you can write words, but I was like she can write a tune. That's good. Thank you. That whole thing is great to me. Yeah. Well number 5 lay it on me. Come on. Come on. Oh, man, I feel pressure because it's the last one. Well, I don't want to harp on your musicianship because that's a that's a given but you know, I like that you like doing things with me. Does that make sense? I think I've said it does that make sense several times already in this episode. Even if you have to force me into it, right? I don't have to it's just that we like hanging out like you'll run errands with me. We'll go to the grocery store together. You'll go to Target with me just like little things like that. Whereas I don't know. It's like that stereotype about men that they just like you'll go somewhere and they'll sit on a bench and wait for you to do all the shopping and all of that. I spent a lot of time doing things alone in my other relationships. I would just do all the errands I do the laundry blah blah you just we do things together. I think that's the thing that gets overlooked by. Whoo. How do I say this? Okay, so my my family is I don't know who's listening in my family and I want you all to listen to this episode in the prior one because I there's just there so telling about us and our relationship. So I hope you're listening and I'm going to offend you at the same time, but my family is so intrusive and they're so prying like every move I make every step I take good thing. They're watching me. It's true. They always And I I'll do it to them. It's got to be some sort of like New Yorker kind of like a I'm watching your life. I'm going to tell you how I think about your life. Okay? That's just how New Yorkers are right, and I know I do it to them I do to people but it's like they have something to say to everyone in the family about every decision. We make in our lives where your family is the exact opposite, which is funny but Yeah. Oh God. Damn it. I lost my train of thought that's not how we do things again. Right? Right. Okay, so I was on the phone with my dad and he's like, you know, I'm kind of worried that you don't have a job right now. Like, you know, you just got to make sure you get out of the house because you know you need people which is true. I do need people I need to be around people. I'm like a very socialized dog, right but part of that is like well if a couple who doesn't spend all their time together start spending all their time together yes sometimes They could get sick of each other and it's not good. We already tried to do everything together even like going to the store. I could sit on the couch and watch TV while you're gone, but I choose not to right and vice versa. Right? I mean, we spend a lot of time doing different things like in the same room or yeah, you know, but that's something that's missed Maybe by an older generation or just different couples. Right? Like that's not our experience. I've gotten sick of my ex-girlfriends. Yeah, but And I'm like, okay, maybe a few years are good circuit and secure Sarah, but like we're in those fears. It's been a few years. Yeah, and I'm like no, I still want to go do little things with you and it's different for every relationship. And the reason my intrusive family came up is because that was mentioned to me but just fine they're looking out for me. Yeah, I feel that. Yeah now we did it five things. It's already been almost a half an hour again. Oh nice, isn't that crazy waxing poetic about how much I love you. I love you. Can you write can you sing? I love you and let me ha. As with you just saying I love you note what just saying? I love you as a note. I love you. I love you. Okay. Oh, this is so funny. The next question 23. How close and warm is your family. I feel your childhood was happier than most other people's My family is extremely close based on the last the last thing I just said about them. We're very close and sometimes we involve ourselves one might say too much into each other's lives but their clothes and we love each other. We're warm. Like I said, I come from a blended family. So my parents got divorced and I had a stepmom and three stepsisters move in and we did not like Each other that much headfirst and now we love each other a lot very close and warm. I'm close and warm with my mom to who was separate from that part of my family, right? Because that's what a divorce is. So I think in both aspects were warm and we're close some y'all love each other very much and we talked a lot. Do I feel my childhood was happier than most other people's that's a tough question to answer. I have no idea what other people's experiences. Audiences are like I'd say in some ways. Yes, because I I was raised in a wealthier house with family that loved me and gave me attention and supported my dreams and Yeah, so maybe but I truly don't know how to answer that part, right? But I think I had a pretty happy childhood. Yeah, what about you how close and warm is my family? Not very not very we're close. We are we close I would say I we grew up very close in that we were always together. emotionally close no Warm I wouldn't say so how much of that do you think comes from culture culture as they collided family. I think a lot of it is culture. My dad was the one working. My mom was a stay-at-home mom. So spent most of my time with my mom as a little kid and with my mom's family, my mom's family lived a couple of hours away from us. Where's my dad's family all lived in a different state so very rarely saw them. So I have those those like Filipino. I'll use. Not a lot of emotional openness. Hmm, right? Do you think your childhood was happier than most other people's know and I'm just saying that because I was depressed as a child. So yeah, when was the first time you felt depressed I know this answer, but I was in first grade and I just it's like such a stupid memory. But I remember the actual I remember where I was I was like going through my video games. It had a couple of Nintendo 64 cartridges and I was going through them and I just had this very distinct thought that everything that makes me happy now can't always make me happy and one day this will be in a landfill this cartridge this Mario game is going to be on a landfill. and I'm going to die the only mean so this brings up two things for me. Yeah to to very telling things one that you've always been very smart, right? And I I'm not sure how many do I say because what I don't know how many people of lesser intelligence are capable of being depressed. Hmm. I think it might go with Jin's to some degree. Hmm. Maybe just putting it out there probably sound like an asshole I get it. I get it. I get the the depressed and artistic Tendencies, you know for artistic inclinations. That's such a documented thing here. The second thing is anyone who thinks depression is just glorified being sad can absolutely go fuck themselves because that story is so telling Right as a first grader, you're not like I think I'm just sad. I want to be sad right because some people think depression is just being like Oh, I'm sad give me attention sure and anything that kind of knocks that theory out of legitimacy. Yeah. It's interesting though. I didn't give it. I remember having that thought of being sad, but not knowing there was something different about it. And when I first remember like giving a name to the way that I felt was later. In like eighth eighth grade, I think yeah on Christmas break. Did I tell the story on the podcast? Not sure Christmas break lying in my room listening to a J-pop album J-pop, huh? Yeah, and I just got I was just sad. I was just crying not knowing why hmm. Next great. Thank you. Next the Warfare was not a gurney at that. Wow. Okay. How do you feel about your relationship with your mother with your mother? Also? I just want to I said this to you. I'll be when we took a pee break in between episodes, but I'm taking an I'm taking notes trying take mental notes. I took some physical notes of things that these questions bring up that I want to make an entire episode. Of so, if there's anything the audience feels like we could get into more definitely don't fret because it might be on the list and if there's something you're like, wow, I really want to hear more about I there's some things we might not answer but like the Sarah's college experience at Stanford or like Eric's cancer experience right into the right into our email and say hey, I want to hear more about this we do an episode on it because it's it feels nice. Snowing now, there's a topic that we know will satisfy. You know, what is life dude show at gmail.com. Okay. Yeah. So how do you feel about your relationship with your mother? How do I feel about it? Well, I can tell you I kind of I kind of touched on in the previous question. I think it's just my mom's very practical person very analytical very Virgo energy loss of Virgo and that chart so she shows love in practical ways and very Earthy ways, right. So I remember always being cared for provided for as a child, but there wasn't that emotional closeness, which is a need for me being the way I am, you know, being that depressed little girl. So we've never fought or anything, you know, but it's been challenging and kind of a a more subtle way Is that enough? It's truly up to you. What you feel is enough. Yeah, and since my mom listens to the podcast, I'm just going to say I love my mommy. No, I mean, I don't know. Yeah, I do I do but the creepy I love my mommy wasn't what I was going for. I feel great about my relationship with my mom. Sometimes she can be an overbearing Jewish mother. She knows that about herself. She knows that she's talkative. She's chatty. She sends me seven paragraphs every time she text me that's because she she picks up her phone and she she talks into the screen like moms do and she goes. Well, I was walking down the stairs with my dog and she just says whatever which is when you tell it like this, it's like a hilarious great trait, but when you're hearing you getting bombarded with text, it's frustrating and she knows that but I I feel like we're close and she she is she loves music and guitar and piano and that's part of the reason I do and she really loves me and she's support she's always supportive of what I want to do. Right? She's kind of always been a free spirit in a way. So when I want to do unconventional things like oh this girl I met two times wants to move to Colorado and move them to an apartment with me where I have my other the other side of my family saying why don't you Think about that a little more which is fine. I always have my mom to say if you feel what's right in your heart. You should do it which I always appreciate. Yeah, I like getting the Practical side and also the validation of like you do you man, right? You know, if you think it's right do it right it but it's not even it's not in like a neglectful sort of like whatever doesn't matter way. It's like a very it's like non-judgmental. It's just like faith that you know, what's best for you? Yep. Yeah. Yep, it's great. 25 we're moving on to set 3 the Final 12 questions. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right mix root 3 true we statements each for instance. We're both in this room feeling that dot dot interesting. What wait both of us things that are both true of us. Yeah, make three true. We statements oth you can you go first. I'm kind of I am I confused by this question. You have to say three things that are true. Like we're both vegan. We both like cute dogs. Okay, is that your first two we I'm trying to think of something like interesting something deeper are really because we've covered a lot of our commonalities. Yeah. We're both in love with each other. What where'd you get that buzzer? What I didn't see that. Sorry we Are passionate about making music? And we are going to eat some beans when we're done recording this podcast. I'm really hungry. Me too. We're both hungry. That's that's my second one. I guess that's technically my third one. Yeah. Is this a real is this question supposed to be deeper than we're making it? Let's let's continue. Let's move on. Okay 26. We technically did it and that's all that's necessary. Okay complete. Well complete this sentence quote. I wish I had someone with whom I could share. My obsession with weird stuff like astrology or or even just like self development topics. Do you know I mean because that's kind of lump the astrology into that. It's like very whoa the way that other people understand it but I use it as a tool for understanding my psyche butter. Yeah, although since we've been doing music. I haven't read a single thing about astrology. It's true. Listening to music theory podcast. Yeah have in reading music theory Books Okay, so that's good cause that's an answer where I like like, I don't shut you down when you talk about it, but I'm not passionate about it. Like you are I'm not going to learn anything new about it from you. Right, right. Oh God, what's my answer? I wish I had someone with whom I could share. I don't know. I feel like mine's like low level and stupid. No just go go for it. Okay. I wish I had someone with whom I could share my passion for New York, New York Mets baseball know I would love if I had a good friend out here who like once a week would just come over and watch the Mets like you watch the Mets with me you learn you care you're into it, but I wasn't bred. You're not a love the mess right your you. It because I do it which is great and I appreciate it. But you're not you're not like me. You're not excite go Mets fan. So I wish I had someone to share the Dodgers fan to what what right Dad if you're listening. Yeah, that's it. I'm not I'm gonna brilliant. I am going to break up with your dad can't name a single. I was gonna say a single character Arthur. Can you name a single Dodgers fire layer feel like you might be able to know I really can't Clayton Kershaw no Cody Bellinger. I don't know really I recognize the names but only because you've set them did not name a Mets player. Name three Mets players. I know I know how easily you could do it JD Davis. Yep, Michael. Conforto. Yeah. Conforto Leone Michael conforto is Ahmed Rosario? You named three players. I did not expect you tonight though. You're going to say they dropped Ahmed Rosario. Oh, no God. No. I thought you were going to name the three most popular going to say Pete Alonzo Jacob degrom and Noah syndergaard be alone. So I lost a great okay. Number 27. All right, if you were going to become a close friend with your partner, please share what what what would be important for him or her to know hmm. How do we navigate that? I think the so the original question the 36 questions are I don't know at least the way we've seen it approached online is strangers meet each other and dive straight into this. So I think this is what what things would you tell someone who didn't know you you know, what I'm finding fascinating about this so far in this keeps popping up is that they edit those videos down to 10 minutes, right? And we've been doing it for an hour and forty they give the timestamps though. Oh, yeah, they do. Okay. So the first thing I would tell you right now. Important that you need to know is that I need attention. It's kind of an inside joke rights are always just she always just Rags on me for needing attention. I love it. It's cute. But a true thing that I need to know and that might be it. It's like I love affection and I love being like touched and hey, I love you. Oh, right. So close friend. It's not a romantic partner. Excuse me. Oh, you're like, oh, yeah that too. Oh, yeah. Okay. No, I didn't realize I bought I missed the part where it was close friend. So what would you need to know if you were a close friend not a romantic partner? Oh God, this is so hard. I'm going to say one for you after you say yours. Okay, I think it's that. I don't know you go you go you go. You answer first. I am really bad at corresponding on text. Yeah. Okay. There's something I need to work on I think some okay. Mine is sometimes I just don't like doing anything right some and that might be like you can come over but like let's watch TV and not do anything or that could mean like I don't want to hang out sometimes I don't Anywhere. Okay. Yeah, what's yours for me? I was going to say you really value dependability like you hate when you're trying to make plans with someone and they're not answering. So basically the thing that I do know, yeah, isn't that funny? I noticed that annoys you can't yeah, or if someone canceled last minute, I don't do that. But yeah, yeah, I don't cancel last minute. I cancel like Yeah, not last minute, but I won't yeah that whole segment of question 27 was me trying to talk and not being able to get out something coherently. Okay, we're gonna move on from that. Well question number twenty eight doesn't really apply to us because I again I think this is geared towards people who have just met. Okay, so it's tell your partner what you like about them be very honest this time saying things that you might not say to someone you've just met right because earlier There was a surface level one. Yeah. Well, I love you. So let's keep going. All right, this whole thing has been what we like about each other. Share with your partner in embarrassing moment in your life. An embarrassing moment in my life. I have a hard time getting embarrassed. I tend to just own up to things right the reason the reason I don't feel like I embarrassed that easily is because I don't like when people get embarrassed and when someone does something embarrassing I try as hard as I can to make them not feel embarrassed. I tried it meant fine like I try to ignore when embarrassing things And to be like happens everyone doesn't matter, right, you know something embarrassing that's happened in my life. I don't know. I feel mostly embarrassed when I'm like not good at something like when I don't do something well that I want to be doing well, which isn't like you like which isn't often because I'm famous. I'm fucking great I things dude. Okay, no, like things that are generally regarded as embarrassing. Like I've never like pooped my pants, you know, but like I don't know like I was riding my bike to my friend's house when I was a kid and I thought there was like a big patch of sand in the road and I skidded on it. I stayed on it and I flew off my bike and like gash my knee open and I had to like wobble or like hobble to my friends house and be like, I fell and I'm profusely bleeding that was kind of embarrassing really yeah, wait embarrassing that's funny because I wouldn't have found that embarrassing. But yeah, I have yeah, I it's a Emotion for me to pinpoint but yours I have a very specific story. I don't know who told you this. I think I have though. Okay couple years ago. I'm working as a line cook or was I prep cook at the time at this little Brunch Cafe place. I was on a type of birth control that for some reason was giving me like chronic UTIs. I'd never had them before I haven't had them since but I think this very specific birth control. I would get UTIs so In the middle of my shift, I just start feeling like I have a UTI coming on and it's it's the worst thing that you will ever experience in your life. So you haven't had one right and I presume no, it's I here's a lot worse for men. Isn't it less common in much less common, but more painful, right anyway, so I on my like 10, I walk over to CVS and I pick up some of these like pills. That like numb your urethra. So I'm like I just need to get through this shift. Okay, and then I can go get my antibiotics by this time. I have like a stockpile and I have a bunch of natural remedies to because I'm used to dealing with it. So I'm like I just need to get through the shift. I just need to know my urethra. So I go I take them the thing about these pills though. They're called Azo pills. They they say turn your P. Neon orange. Just bright neon orange. Okay, so I take it I chug a bunch of water because you're supposed to flush out your system, right? She was a drink a ton of water to fix a UTI. Okay. Go back to my shift have I told you the story? I you've mentioned the bright orange because something came to mind that I'm sure came to mind last time. Right? Can I just say I'm so Add this doesn't happen to me anymore. Yeah, I don't know how I would ya know so I go back to my shift. I don't know if it's because the pills upset my stomach or because I drank too much water, but I start to feel violently nauseous. So I run to the bathroom, but it's this like a single bathroom so it locks so there's not multiple stalls. I'm like waiting waiting waiting. I'm like, I'm gonna barf so I go I run back into the back of the restaurant. You know, like behind The Swinging Door. How do I describe this the back the not kitchen behind the kitchen where the dishwasher and the prep cook in the walk-in fridge has and I just run to the first available trash can and just barf and barfing barf and I'm like, okay, I feel okay. I'm going to go to the bathroom now, it's still locked. I have to barf again. So I go out the back door. I just barf like On The Ground by the dumpsters, but I have like the pillows digested in my stomach so my barf is bright orange and my mouth is stained bright orange and I just barfed everywhere and I'm UTI. I'm in the middle of my shift and I desperately need to go home and yeah Pat to explain that to my boss. Yeah. That's a that's a good one. Only I'm glad you had a real story. Yeah, since I didn't I'm sure something will come to me. But yeah, you definitely told me that right the memory it's parked for me is that one of the chemo drugs I got was very red. So when I would P would be bright orange because the red of the drug the yellow of P very Orange. Disgusting disgusting stuff. Thank you for sharing that. Yeah. Appreciate it. Okay question XXX know Mike this this episode is going to be over an hour to really we can hasten through it. It's been 48 minute. I don't care. Okay. I mean as a podcast listener, I like when episodes are long. When did you last cry in front of another person by yourself two separate questions. When's the last time I cried babe? When was the last time watching queer eye we best night. We both cracked right? We both didn't SOB but right. Okay. Well, how about yeah, when was the last time? You like had like a real deep emotional cry. It was a few days ago. It happened. So often for me that it's like not an abnormal thing. You know, you don't freak out when I'm crying. Yeah. I don't know. I mean I recognize you crying like that said like a few days ago. You went to the room for ten minutes and cried and you came out and I don't worry about that. Right because I'm like, okay. Well, I know it makes you feel better. I know it's a self-reflective time for you and it's usually it's a positive thing. Sometimes you have to get it out. remember what the situation with the Melvin situation yeah just stress it at him not being happy you know yeah yeah okay the last time I cried was last night we were watching queer eye the last time I sobbed uncontrollably was after we watched marriage story and I as the credits the credits were rolling after watching a two-hour film about divorce just had all these memories Of being a child of a divorce and I sobbed into Sarah's shirt for bosom bosom heard. Maybe three minutes straight, right? Yeah unable to breathe which I've talked about in an earlier episode good 31 we can skip to because it's really a partner something that you like about them already. Alrighty, we keep skipping the odds What what if anything is too serious to be joked about oh, we're going to have two different answers. I think I just think it's context-dependent and depends on who you're talking to. You know, you're not going to joke about having cancer to someone who's dying of cancer. But sometimes you'll make a joke about how you've had cancer, you know what I mean? Right, and yeah, it definitely is context dependent right because as a general rule of thumb don't make a joke about cancer to someone dying of cancer. But while I had cancer my friends made fun of me for having cancer, and I thought it was hilarious and that's context right because I always found it ridiculous that I got cancer just because you hear so much about it. You read about it in books and read articles about it and see movies or people have cancer like 50/50 and you're like, wow, that's crazy and then it Finish to you and you can't help but feel like what that's so stupid. How did that happen? Right. It's like this overwhelming like kind of really come on. Come on. See ya. So I've yeah, I'm not sure. I'm not sure I think everything what is life without making funs fun of things that are serious. Right, I would just say don't generally shouldn't joke about serious topics that don't relate to you specifically, right? Right. So I don't know I make jokes about being depressed. I'm depressed. So yeah, and I mean right I make jokes about being a Jew. Yeah because I'm a Jew the intention matters to right sometimes people make jokes, but it's kind of clear that they wanted to hurt you right? Yeah, all the jokes. I make are purely Jokes, yeah, right and I I tend to make the offensive jokes I make I tend to make at the expense of people who actually say things like that, right? Okay, like if I pretend to disparage a woman It's I mean, if you know me at all you'll know that I don't disparage women mean if you've made a couple jokes that women don't like. Okay, like okay. She's referencing Michael Bloomberg at the Nevada debate. Just go go watch it. Tell me how you feel about it insane. But yeah, like at work or something something like I've said to kill be like if she's trying to explain something to be like, yeah. I got it, honey. Like I'm making fun of men right that actually say like, okay honey, two women were friends, right? I would never never do that. Seriously, mate. Yeah, so context matters. That's the answer. Yep. Yep. Oh, that's a long question if you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone. What would you most regret not having told someone and why haven't you told them yet? Whoo? Christ Okay. Well, thankfully there's nothing that I would need to say to you. The only thing I would want to say before I died is just to tell reiterate to you again how much I love you. There's nothing like Pressing like that, but with anyone in my life. Oh God. I don't know. I feel like I'm Really honest with people all the time, right and I don't hide things from people. I don't know if I have one I'm trying to think of everyone in my life. My grandparents my family my extended family friends. Like is do I have a long lost friend. Do you have any trouble as well? Yeah. That is tough. And the problem is doing this on a podcast so that you can't just sit in silence and think about it, right we have for him to fill the Gap. We I think the implication here is that there's a secret that's been not told Maybe. Yeah, I can't think of any I mean, I think there are things that I would have asked my dad before he died. But I can't think of I think I'm also very honest, you know, this makes me think of you know in the good place. There's that whole thing with GD in the red boots. Yes, something like that like like a white lie, that would make you feel better just like coming clean about right. So what we're referencing is the show the good place. There's a flashback to the character when he was alive how he had this friend who had these horrendous red cowboy boots and I was told this friend that they were great and he loved them so much, but he was lying about it the entire time and he felt so guilty about it that eventually he had to tell him like I don't actually like those boots they suck. They're ugly. Right? So I'm thinking I'm trying to think of something like that. It's like it would just make you feel better to come out and say it. I got to skip this one me to be I'll come back to me. Yeah. Bummer. Yeah, but maybe not. It's I think it's a good thing that we don't have anything. Yeah, I we're saying all the things we want to say to people in our lives and I just put everything on the internet. You know what I mean? If you read my Instagram it's all out there. So that's true. All right. All right. 34 these are long. Oh this this is my worst fear. Your house containing everything you own catches fire after saving your loved one, you're saving your loved ones and pets you have time to safely make a final - to save any one item. What would it be and why? My guitar hmm, which one you're Martin my my acoustic guitar. Yeah. It's like one of the most valuable things I on I think and my dad gave it to me and it's a nice guitar. Yeah. I agree. Well, if you're safe, if you're taking your Martin, then I'm going to leave my tailor to burn and I'd probably grab my Jaguar. Okay, I might grab my computer my hard drive and I don't know why I thought that too but all my stuff is backed up because I'm so obsessively a like I'm afraid of losing my things I've written and I don't have anything at this moment. I don't have anything that's not already. Well, I guess I do have two songs that aren't posted. But I don't know if it's important enough. I might grab. Oh God, what a hard question is actually read the question or do we both just read it to ourselves and then answer it. I read it out loud. Okay. Yeah, I might grab the Jaguar my electric guitar my Fender. Okay. I love it. If you didn't bring your guitar, I take my tailor. Okay, but I'd take a jack. All right 35. Of all the people in your family whose death. Would you find the most disturbing and why? disturbing how sad It disturbs my life. There's layers and layers, you know there really are okay. So my paternal grandparents are both 90, they we've talked about death with them and they've talked about how you know when it happens. It happens. It's fine. So I would be least disturbed by them for that reason. Most Disturbed. Maybe my dad. I'm closest with my dad. At this point it's kind of hard to explain all the reasons why. You know, yeah, but all the things that make us close. Yeah, it's hard, but it's hard with either, you know, it's hard with either of my parents. It's hard to Envision losing both of them. I think the reason it's my dad and not my mom. Sorry, Mom is just because like my mom was the one that moved out when I was younger and I spent I just spent objectively more time with my dad. And you do now to you talk to him or right I get to see my mom more often, which is great. But yeah. yeah that's what happens when your parents get divorced this is what happens Larry um my sister because she's young and that would just be weird do you know what I mean sure do I we're close and she's just a good person and a nice person not that I didn't deserve to die but least of all my little sister yeah That's upsetting 36. Oh God sure a personal problem and ask your partner's advice on how he or she might handle it also ask your partner to reflect back to you how you seem to be feeling about the problem. You have chosen you seem to be feeling about the problem chosen, huh? We give each other advice constantly. You don't give me advice. I don't know. You never give me advice. I have this problem. My partner never gives me advice. I don't know how to handle that by do I not give you advice? No really? You know, I feel like when we talk about our careers and stuff. I maybe don't give advice as much as I just tried to support you, right? Okay, I guess is different. Okay. What's a spicy question? I can ask you this if I see prob? hmm I'm gonna go first. Yeah, I guess we're just ignoring the rules at this point where like, I'll go first. Y'all got some not go first. Well, I was having I'm in talks with two different music studios here and I'm trying to get some sort of job. and they're they're both like good opportunities and weird opportunities for different reasons, and I've been asking Sarah's advice on that. I don't want to get into it like that. Yeah, you know, but Sarah's advice was kind of you're not committed to either right now and I'm since I'm having a hard time choosing which one I should pursue. So your advice was kind of pursue both of them and Ryan get as much information as possible. Yeah, like you want guarantees, right? I like everything written out. Yeah music studio jobs aren't like any other job in the world, you know, well, maybe they are but like creative jobs like this. It's like you don't just get like a salary job, and there's not always work. rates depending on clients so that's why it's a weird it's always a weird thing but yeah that's the advice you gave me is pursue both you're not committed to either it's okay to pursue both and see which one feels better down the line that's kind of that was kind of how the question was asked sure yeah I mean I can't think of any I feel like all of the problems we've been having lately are not really problems they're more so Okay, here's a here's the thing. What do you think? What do you think I should do with Sarah's vegan kitchen? What I think you should do with Sarah's vegan kitchen, right? So for context for the listeners. I have a YouTube channel. I make vegan cooking videos and it has become less and less fulfilling for me. I'm sure all the people here or most of them. Yeah, right. I hate to say that to you because I don't want to sound like I don't appreciate it. I really do. Yeah, I like being self-employed. I like that. I'm connecting with people but It's an it's just not what I want to do with my life, you know, yeah. I think you should just weasel your way out of it. I think you should just slowly start making videos about things. You actually want to make videos of and all the people who only subscribe to you because they want to see vegan recipes might unsubscribe and all the people that love you just for being you will stay right and if people want vegan recipes, there are other channels out there sure. Yeah, right, but what if I don't want to make videos anymore? Hmm because I think like the alternative to making videos about food is just vlogging. Right. Yeah, that's really it. Well, it's hard because you like being self-employed. So it's hard to give you advice to say like, oh, well, maybe you could go find like a quote-unquote normal job that's in a field you like doing sure you know, that might be my advice. It's kind of like find something low pressure until you feel better about it and figure figure something more lucrative out, you know, like week you always joke. Oh go work. Starbucks you know yeah I could just do freelance you know work for Brands and not tie it to my public Persona right I think about that sometimes or writing writing articles Flex jobs baby mmm that's nice is that it that's all alright 36 but I think it was 38 I don't know you did you think it was 38 to know that there are two more 12 I'm an idiot we did it oh Do you see the end what congratulations you've answered all the questions now for the hard part in order to solidify your love you have to look into your partner's eyes for four minutes in silence. Oh, yeah, I forgot about that. It's hard and you'll squirm but you learn incredible amount. Good luck. Okay, let's do it. We're going to pause take a form in a break stare into each other's eyes. I don't want to do it. Really why not. I don't know. It's kind of freaky, isn't it? Yeah. Doesn't it freak you out does yeah, it's weird because I look at you all the time. Right? Should we do it and then just reflect on it? sure is it too much for you no fine fine fine okay do I do from here so I come to the couch let's sit on the floor okay we'll be back in four minutes that was weird it's like a weird not unlike a not in a bad way right it kind of felt at first I kind of felt like we were going to not that we were going to break up it felt like what would have liked what happens when you break up you kind of just like sit there and style in some like look at each other okay you don't even like that's the feeling I related to it interesting and then that went away in the first few Cans and I was just looking at your face again, but that's like the initial as like this feels like that situation. Hmm. Did you get that at all? No, interesting. No. No, we kept bursting out into laughter. Yeah, probably five or six times. I whe your mouth was just quivering and I knew you wanted to laugh and then I started laughing great. Well, I became so hyper aware of my mouth noises like my swallowing and like, you know, I'm allowed swallower to begin with right so I knew and do that. Yeah, you know when you hear a word often like repeated or if you look at a word the long enough, it stops looking like a word loses all meaning. Yeah, it just looks like symbols. Yeah that happened to your face interesting. I was just like this is just A pattern of the I don't know I've never taken so much stock of what your face is composed of your like and upon further inspection. I've decided that we are over. No, I wouldn't like her eyes are so symmetrical interfaces. They're not really mmm. Whatever. No no, you're you're you're very attractive. I was just the whole time. I was just like you're so good-looking. This face is so nice and I was thinking about like looking for my eye to eye and I'm She know which I am looking at and thinking that to go look at one eye at a time. I was intentionally alternating. Yeah, I didn't notice that. Yeah, we kept moving closer and further away from each other. Yeah, you would move me you would move closer and then like you kind of get blurry to me and I'd be like, well, I have to like move back a little the Bob me bitch. Yeah. It was interesting, right? Hmm. What else? I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, it's hard to reflect on right away. But I had no clue like how long it had been media. Either. Yeah, then the alarm went off. It was scary. Mmm. Yeah. All right, so what a great couple of podcasts two hours and ten minutes of podcasting wow yeah we've never podcast we never done this for that long deep I like that me too I don't I can't imagine doing that with a stranger Emily we should yeah don't fall in love with anyone else I guess it's to fall in love right damn it hurt I guess that's true it would be nice there's they should be like a platonic version yeah you know I guess you could just take out anything that might be like romantic the Relentless complimenting of the other person right right When I think about doing with the friend, I'm visioning Jeremy shacket for some reason. That's the friend. I chose. That's the friend I chose in my mind to do it right hilarious. I'd like to listen to that episode because Jeremy's such a he's so upbeat and happy all the time and to be interesting to see like the deeper darker things. No positivity box. Sure, the second my positivity box is that first I'm stoked on these two episodes. Yeah, I think they're really great for both of us and for the listeners and I'm going to spread the podcast like I've never spread it before until all my friends listen to it, which I don't often do because the podcast isn't for everyone for the most sometimes. Yeah, right. We talked about shit that some people just don't want to listen to it work or something. I think that episode will interest anyone. it's a great intro to like who we are yeah you know and I'm excited to take the rest of the night off and like wow you some music okay so music that's fine yeah I want to watch queer eye and eat beans though yeah yeah what we are is beans that are dinner canopy do you want something else I was kind of what I want to make some rice okay do some beans and rice and veggies sure okay what's yours my positivity box know your beans my beans if you were a bean what mean would you be that's a tough question guys I don't know a black bean yeah it's boring boy I don't know staple yeah that's not on the list right give a positivity box I don't know things are fine now you know what I mean yeah things are good mmm I'm trying to think of something specific I'm trying not to talk so much about music because we spent so much of these past two episodes talking about music That's fine like yeah I get the point but yours is that we're making an original song yeah I feels good it feels Like the first step towards my life changing towards success big way. I agree with that. I'm excited for everyone listening to this to listen to that. Yeah. I don't know when it's gonna come out. No idea cool. Well speaking of cute threat, you can find us making music on the interwebs search cute threat, wherever you get your music to hear our covers find us on Instagram at the Sarah Sullivan and at the Eric Adams rate and review us on pot on podcast. I really blew that one rate and review us on iTunes it helps us get more listeners to the podcast and if you can support the podcast on our host anchor you could do a monthly donation of your choice shout out to are currently are three current donators right donate on Earth don't ya supporters Alex met Kevin dulli and Karen burchett yay and I love you sweetie that's great thank you for doing that with me I'll talk to you next week bye