If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio trainer app.Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around the house. And so if you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer. honor Welcome back to the podcast and in today's session. We have a intermediate boxing workout. Now. If you haven't done the beginner boxing workout already, make sure you go and check that out first and complete that and then you can move on to this intermediate version. So all you need is a heavy bag gloves make sure your hands are wrapped as well. So there is no injuries. Also, make sure you get warmed up thoroughly. Obviously you guys know you can use the war. I'm up Podcast to do that. But without further Ado once you have done all that a jump back in and let's get straight into this boxing session. So we are going to start off nice and simple today. So I want your on the heavy bag and when you're doing some Jabs and Crosses continuous, so one two, one two, one two, that kind of pace. Okay, right we go in first round in three two one and let's go time started first round come to you as jab cross jab cross jab cross. Just getting them shoulders nice and warm. And that heart rate up good. Let's keep this going. Good, make sure you keep that continuous Pace going. Make sure you push you through them feet as well delay and to all the way make your body work as well made that core work 30 seconds. Good work Ramos are now 15 seconds left in this first round of jab cross has five four, three two, and rest good 32nd breather there, right? So we're going to get into the proper proper rounds. Now that was just a bit of their Awards get them shoulders nice and warm. So what we're going to do is we're going to start off with a double jab across and a hook. Okay. So double jab cross hook that is the first little combination with the hotel want to throw the hook nice and quick into the side of the bag. Okay, and then once you've done that combo reset yourself and then go again, okay, we're starting off with two minute rounds in three two one and let's go right double jab cross hook double jab cross hook. Let's go. Good work. Keep it going. Remember as we do these punches. Make sure we're moving around the bag that is really really key together. Heart rate up 30 seconds down right left. Keep it going. Keep them fee moving. Keep moving around the back double jab cross hook. Make sure it really turning our body through the hook. Get how a right into the side of the bag. Write about 60 seconds down halfway through this first round 63 go. Good work. Keep it going. Double jab cross hook let's go. Ray you've got 30 seconds left for this first round. Monkey driving. Let's go keep driving. 15 seconds. Let's go right away to the end. Keep moving round the bag do not stop ten seconds right away to the end of the round five four. Three two, rest good stuff, right? You've got 60 seconds wrestler 60 seconds as we go through the workout as well. These rest are going to be cut down. So make sure if you do need a quick drink now grab a quick drink. As I said before, it's really really key to keep moving round the bag. We don't just stay in one spot as obviously we burn more calories the more we move so that is the end goal for this workout today. So making sure we continuously moving around the bag setting ourselves up and really getting some good strikes and as well some powerful quick Stripes got 20 seconds left of this rest. Make sure you ready to go for round number 2 we're going to exactly the same last time for this combination though. 10 seconds with coming up get ready. Right. Remember what I said. We're going in 3 2 1 Alice go to minute starts from now. Let's see it. Double jab cross hook double jab cross hook. Keep it going. Let's go. Can you drive and do not stop? Keep moving? On my back double jab cross hook. Let's go. Make sure you pull in that job right back before you do the second job as well really important. You just don't leave it out why you've got 60 seconds remaining 60 Seconds. 40 seconds left let's go right the way to the end. Less than 30 seconds now. Let's go. 10 9 8 7 6 T going five four three two, Rascal stuff like you got 30 seconds rest cash that breath only 30 seconds now, so the second combination. Okay, what we're going to do is we're going to go for a jab. Cross and then a back hook. Okay. So a JAP across and then a back hook to that backhand right into the side of the bag. Nice powerful back coffee. Okay, we're going in five four. Three, two one our let's go. Let's see it. Let's go. Go jab cross and then the back hook. Can you push in let's go. Good work. Don't stop keep going. Remember move around that bag. Keep moving around. Good work keep pushing. You got this. Come on. Keep driving. Don't stop you got 60 seconds left 60 seconds of this round. Can you going 30 seconds left come on last 20 put this working now put the work in. Keep going 5 4 3 2 and rest right catch that breath back. 20 seconds of rest left Right 10 seconds. Get ready for round. Number two last round of this combination. We're going in 3 2 1 and let's see a let's go. I want to see it. Let's go. Keep moving just find yourself a rhythm and stick with it this kind of pace one-two-three one-two-three that kind of pace. Keep it going. One two, three. We set one two, three. We set good. Keep going. Let's go. Right, you've got 60 seconds left. 60 seconds remaining 40 seconds Dig deep now. This is where it counts keep going. 20 seconds 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 rest Good Work Well Done Right catch your breath there. Right last combination for today's workout. We're going to keep the same setup for this last set but different combinations. So y1, I want a jab then I want a duck. Okay, so we're getting down getting nice and low coming back up and then another job and then I cross. Okay so jab duck jab cross and that is the final combination two rounds two minutes. Let's get it finished. We're going in 3 2 1 and let's go jab duck. Jab cross, let's go. I want Power since through this bag now power and speed. That's what we're looking for jab double jab cross then reset yourself a move. Come on, keep pushing. Let's go. Let's go. He driving. Guys, come on keep going. You've got 60 seconds left 60 seconds of this first round. 30 seconds left keep going jab double jab cross. Come on, put the work in. speed and power speed and Power Ride the way to the end of this round then we just got one more round. Seven six five four three two, rest 30 seconds Cash Out breath 32nd breather. We have one more round remaining last round for today exactly the same. Now if you really want to step it up you do not have to but you really want to step it up instead of doing the dump. I want you to go flat to the ground like a burpee and then back up. So it's a jab bottom of the Burpee and then back up for a jab cross. We're going in 3 2 1. Let's go. Come on. Let's push CD now. Let's go. You're a quarter of the way there. Come on keep driving jab jab jab cross. Last 60 seconds for today last 60 let's go. Come on, how hard you want it? Let's go. Keep pushing right like 30 seconds for today last 30 seconds. Let's put the work in we can see come on. Let's go now put that working. 20 seconds ten nine eight seven, six five four three two, and one great work. Well done. Glad to let you know that you have completed the intermediate boxing workout. I hope you enjoyed. Thank you so much for listening this far. I'd love to hear your opinion on the audio trainer podcast in the reviews. So if you go to whatever podcast streaming service you are using going to the reviews and right one on this podcast, it means a lot. Thanks guys. Guys and see you in the next one.