Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you. Next week is going to be just as epic. We won't have one teacher in here will actually have two teachers and this dynamic duo. Let me just tell you you don't want to miss the stories are going to be unbelievably funny and you're going to learn about these two teachers and learn about some things about them that maybe you don't know and that might be kind of shocking so you better make sure that you subscribe and while you're at it Why don't you give us a review the reviews help us kind of get this podcast out there and I would love it. If you'd give a review on whatever platform it is that you're listening. But in the meantime, I'm going to take this mic and this bag of questions and I'm going to head out and I'm gonna just to surprise some teachers and get their answers here on our podcast. So stay tuned. All right, so we're the first guests that we have here that's going to pull a question of the grab bag is none other than mr. Shomo. Say hi to our audience. Hi everybody. How's it? He's pulling out a question. Go ahead and read the question and answer it for. Okay, I will read the question. Now it says what's the one thing about you that most students don't know. Well, I would suppose that it's the fact that little less than a year ago. I went into a studio and recorded a song with one of my high school buddies who is a professional and has a studio and is a musician and got to look at it. What a Studios like and realize that that's how Taylor Swift actually has a job. It sound good. Okay. Sorry Taylor if you're listening, that's buddy. So what song did you record we recorded the Beatles nowhere man. Wow, so just one of our favorite so you're a recording artist. Well, I recorded a song so then you can say that you're recording artist. Okay, fine. I'll I'll accept that. Yeah. Well, thank you. Mr. Chabot, and hopefully we can get you on the podcast and we can find out more details like that for you. You're welcome. For having me so our next victim here is what none other than mrs. Bryden one of our famous and awesome Math teachers though. She's going to reach into the grab bag here and pull out a question who wrote these students did. What was your career choice when you were in high school? Actually, it was to be a high school math teacher for real for real. Wow. I lived in Kent. I wanted to be a high school math teacher and Kent State was in top 10 in the nation for education. So I went to Kent State. Wow, can't stay gets a lot of plugs on the podcast. Yeah. Well, I mean Northeast Ohio, I know but let me ask you was there a particular teacher that inspired you or just like here in town image where? Like I'll have kids for two or three math classes in a row. I actually have the same math teacher for three classes in a row and I understood what she was doing and I like the her style and I'm probably teach in her style. That is awesome the power and influence of a teacher. Well, thank you. You got off easy. That was that was a good one. All right, we're going to go find somebody else. All right. Now we're heading down at the foreign language wing of Tommy's high school and we have mrs. Metzger here who teaches French bonjour Regional you got now by the way, you gotta answer this in English. So everybody knows and what question does she have what's your life quote? And why? Whoo, Life quote or Mantra or is there or just like a philosophy that you live by something? You think about want to think about that one and draw another question? Yes. Don't go too far. Mr. Slip for your next come on in here. Sorry about that. Okay, what's your guilty pleasure when it comes to music? I love music. Students know that I love music, I love to dance and walk around. I have heard rumors that you dance in class. I love you. I can't help it. I gotta move. I love Taylor Swift I could listen to her all day every day love her. Well, you're gonna have to listen to the whole episode when this is done so that you will understand that. There's been a lot of Taylor Swift references already. Yeah. Hey moment of vulnerability. Okay. I love Taylor Swift as well. They're fact. I went to her concert. Cert back in the day was Kelsey's first concert and need to breathe open this goes back and I love need to breathe and she loved Taylor Swift. So then we went and we heard Taylor Swift and she puts on an incredible show. Okay that you don't know this but you're on the podcast so mr. Slippery got always pulling out some candy slivko reach into the grab bag here and answer a question the grab another one of our this is what One thing about you that most students don't know. Oh good question senior slivko. What is one thing about you that very few students know a good question. You want to project your voice towards this bike down here. One thing about me that students don't really know my be an open book here. I'm trying I'm trying to think is hard as I can. I mean, I guess a real easy and semi uninteresting one is I can just Juggle, you can juggle juggle. I'm an average jugular. But I mean, that's do you put clown costumes on and go to parties? No, but I mean, I throw the red pants on, you know every Wednesday right Vlog then we would actually call you out on that one and watch you you're making all this noise. It's picking it up on the microphone here. He's all excited about the candy that he's got going on here. So well that Certainly interesting you ever like juggle like Flames or knives or anything? No be cool like that. I can I can juggle clubs and I can juggle some equally weighing stick type shapes how many 3 is 3 no I can't do for I've never been able to do for I've tried for with balls before but it just it doesn't I'm not I'm not good enough, which is why I'm just an average juggler. You're not good enough yet. Yeah, come on, let's maintain that growth mindset when it comes to your juggling little Shout out to Karel Due West there. There's always there's always room for improvement and most of our skills. Well, hey, thank you. Both of you for being so vulnerable and sharing that information with us. Thank you for having us on your well. Guess what? You're going to hear more from these guys when they're guests. All right, one of our episodes. All right moving on to the next teacher. So here we are again with two teachers again. We just had to foreign language teachers answer questions. And now we have two awesome intervention Specialists mrs. Wilmoth and Miss Fowler and they're going to reach into the grab bag here and answer a question for you. Everyone's always so nervous about this. What's your guilty pleasure when it comes to music, hahaha headbanger Really. Yes. Wow. Yeah, you have like a favorite head-banging. Exactly. Oh, really? Yes. You can girl. Yes, I like my Metallica. I do. All right. Is there a reason why you like Metallica? My brother used to listen to it all the time when I was when we were younger and actually used to drive me crazy then however, it just kind of grew on me and so now I just yeah, I think it does is just a logic it kind of brings back thoughts of my childhood and being around my brother and our interactions and that's awesome. Yeah, I actually this is funny because the same question was drawn over there. I'll have to listen to what you heard. But I'm like I concurred over there. I'm like, that's one of my favorite artists and then I love Metallica's. Well, that's one of the best concerts I've ever been to as well when I went and saw Metallica we go. All right. We're going to come over here to Miss Fowler. Hello. Hello. Alright. So now that questions off. So now you got it. You're going to pick another one. Oh gosh, what's one thing about you that most students don't know. So I go there should I go there? Um, I guess one thing that most students don't know about me is that I was with my fiance for 12 years and he passed away in May and that just something that I deal with daily. So I just I don't know I guess that's it. Wow, 12 years. Yes of years. So that's out when you're I mean, I can only imagine that you do deal with that daily, but I think that's one of the things that makes you so effective as a teacher because You've lived through some horrible things. It's one of the things that I admire about you, and I watched as you're working with your kids that you know, you use that experience to just love on a more. Absolutely. Yes, because every day is, you know, it's you got to take every day in strides and, you know be grateful that you're here. So well, thank you for showing up and being ever present in your kids lives. Absolutely. Thank you ladies. Thank you. Ago torture a few other teachers. Hi, we're getting another Spanish teacher here are first a first year teacher here at Tommy's High School. Mrs. Kessler for first year in Talmadge and here she's reaching into the bag. She's nervous. I am nervous. You don't know what these kids are going to ask you. What was your career choice when you were in high school same one, I'm in now. Is it really? Yeah, believe it or not. You wanted to be a foreign language teacher huh Spanish teacher with Ask then why I don't know. I always wanted to be a teacher when I was younger. I used to play school all the time and my my room my favorite Christmas present was an overhead projector from my aunt. She gave me an old overhead projector. I used to play school all the time. That's awesome. So I always wanted to teach and then once I started taking Spanish and middle school, it was just done deal in Spanish. It was that is super cool. Well that's need to know that you want. Let's see. I didn't want to be a teacher when I was over. There is no way I wanted to be a teacher. I'm like now I thought for a while that I wasn't going to do it, but but I did it. Well, you know what I'm looking at the doorway and slip because he's following us around. I think he wants to ask he wants to answer another question. Yeah, but well, thank you, and we're going to get more information from you later on a full episode now on to another teacher. And I even pushed record already. I've got mrs. Giles here. Okay, as soon as you hear her name, everyone's going to get super excited because she is a legend around here and she is nervous about reaching here in answering one of these questions. So, let's hope it's a good one. I'm scared. Don't be scared. You're an open book. What's your guilty pleasure when it comes to music and everyone keeps picking this one. It's a good one though. What is your guilty pleasure when it comes to music? You're a Tupac fan, aren't you? Well, as a matter of fact, I got this great song. What song is that? Well, actually, is that the one that is your mama? Is that by Tupac? Oh, I think that might be the one I have it saved because my son played it for me for mother's day. That was my mother's day one day besides changing the oil in my car, but you played a song called you. Any dance with me? Oh, I Sky cried the whole time while you're going to make me cry right now. Let's first talk about those on there. What is this little guilty pleasures when it comes to music. Oh, so when you go home and you want to de-stress, what do you throw on? Well, I have a combination of music that I like really like on my way to work. I like to listen to all that rap music and that hardcore bad stuff. Your cool Factor just went through the roof like I love Wiz Khalifa. Okay, and let's see. Who else do I really liked you even said his name the right way. That's pretty that's pretty darn good for a teacher. He's one of my faves I like Tupac. Nice. Yeah. Well, there you go Insider information. So that is awesome. Well, thank you for sharing and you're going to hear more from mrs. Giles when she is a guest on the show. Thank you. Mr. Giles. Okay. All right. So I just randomly walked into mr. Gibbons room to find him watching old Cleveland Browns clips on YouTube. What were you just watching? What are you watching? That was the 87 playoff game against the Colts? So you're just kind of reliving rehashing the old days back when the Browns didn't stink right? Exactly. Hoping for a better outcome. This x NF L season. Hey, all right. So reach deep into the grab bag here. There are five questions and let's see which one you get. I'm not reading it. You can read it out loud and then answer it. What was your career choice when you were in high school? Well, I would say I probably wanted to be a lawyer. Until I took my accounting class my senior year in high school and I changed it to accounting really just what I went to college for. Okay, so you went to college to be an accountant? Yep. All right, and I did get an accounting degree and I worked in accounting for a little while. Okay before I became a teacher how long were you in the accounting field before you became a teacher about a year and a half or two and what made you want to become a teacher then it was always my second choice is always on the back burner and I started coaching. Football and wrestling and I got into that so I thought well I'm enjoying the coaching more than the accounting. So I'm like well, maybe I will be a teacher and the rest is history. And the rest is history. Yep. Well, that's a history that we want to hear more about. Will you be a guest on Between Two Ferns one of these days sure. Oh I said between two ferns. I meant between two Blue Devils had to change the name for copyright reasons and I apologize that so all right. Good. Well, we look forward to booking you and getting you on the podcast. Sounds good. Thanks. Well, our next impromptu guest is none other than mr. Mackay Lake and her student teacher. Mr. Moser no relationship to our ad. So what we're going to do is have you reached in here to the grab bag student-generated questions. Let's see which one you get. My question what is your guilty pleasure when it comes to music? My guilty pleasure is Nine Inch Nails a little Nine Inch Nails. Uh, why Nine Inch Nails your huge fan. I am you ever seen them in concert? I have not. I have an ugly enough, but I pseudo stalked and I say that in the most polite way. I seduced you can't see the hand gestures, but Trent Reznor when I lived up in West Cleveland won. His first album was coming out and I hung out with some of the same people. He hung out with Oh, wow. Was hoping for an introduction it did not Up and did not happen did not happen. Well, they've got a new album. Did they just drop a new album did all right, and they're going to go on tour again. I think I saw something going on this summer, right? Maybe that dream can come true. I'm hoping so, you know, if anybody out there knows Trent let him know that he has a fan here. It's all right. Mr. Moser reach in here and grab a question. He's so nervous as a young aspiring future. What was your career choice when you were in high school? Well, I wanted to be a teacher. So yeah, that's why I'm here. So from the get-go you wanted to be a teacher ever since. The junior in high school, I worked with a lot of my fellow students and help them get caught up in their work and I just love the look on everyone's faces when they're like, hey, thank you for taking the time to like get me where I needed to be to get caught up and I'm just like, how do I do this as a professional so then I went to school and I'm still in school right now. This is my final semester. I'm going to be graduating at the end of April so you got to be excited. I really am so it's interesting that you would say. Say that that was the driving Factor behind you. Wanted to be a teacher because you were helping students. I see you everyday coming down during third block or am I planning period going into another teacher's classroom and sitting next to students and helping them. Yeah, and I've always been impressed with that since I've seen you come down and do that. So kudos to you for giving of yourself and giving up your time. You're going to make a phenomenal teacher. You certainly have the best teacher in this building guiding you Holding you and pouring into you so you definitely deserve a meet and greet with Trent Reznor. So we're going to try to make that happen so our oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, heck. Yeah, heck. Yeah. Well actually when you come down and get interviewed for the official podcast be prepared to entertain. All right, let's go see who else we can Corner into a question. Well, I'm here with mrs. Cherry here and she is going to reach into the grab bag here and pull out a random question. I will tell you ahead of time people keep drawing the same questions to see if you draw something different you get to read it and answer it. Okay, let's go. What's your most embarrassing moment? Oh a new one and a good one. Okay, this one this one's tough. I've had so many. I'm going to go back to high school for this one because I think most of us care the most about the way we're perceiving. When we were in high school, uh-huh, so I was cast in a musical grease. Okay, and I'm sure many people are familiar with that and we were rehearsing one of the numbers for I don't even remember what song it was but it was a big probably the big dance number and I had a partner and we were doing partner work. Okay, and what our job was is I did a hand. Stand and then he grabbed my like he was standing up. I did a handstand against his back. He grabbed my knees and flipped me over. Oh boy. And unfortunately when he did this my pants rolled all the way like around the butt cheek into the front so that my right pant leg was Only on by like a little my God in the front and there's everything was hanging out. It was it was super embarrassing. Oh my gosh. How did you recover from that? I just kept going. What can you do Show Must Go On right? It's gone. What can you do with that point? Well, I don't know. I'm not trying to date you here, but I was there like social media and all that. That was no but they're all that just I mean, that was my space. Say Sarah, but oh, okay good. So because I know I'm thankful that the phone wasn't around during my embarrassing me. Well was I for sure well that's just a little preview of more that we're going to get into when we get you in there and interview you all right. So thanks for sharing excited. Yeah, me too. So our next victim of the grab bag question is none other than our school counselor. Mrs. Praiser. How are you today? I'm wonderful. Thank you. Are you nervous to pull a question out? Student-generated question, I don't think so. We're gonna get into the deepest darkest recesses of your mind. I think I can handle it. Okay. Well, let's see if you pick the magic question. What's your most embarrassing moment to questions in a row? All right. This is you'll be the second teacher to Ink this. Okay. My most embarrassing moment would have to be when I started dating. My husband is a senior in high school when I first started dating him we may or may not have been making out in his baby and it was dark and I thought I had a snotty nose, but I actually had a bloody nose and I bled all over his face. That's when you know, it's true. It's been Oh my goodness. It has been almost 20 years. We've been together 19 years. So he wasn't scared away. He wasn't scared. That is true. Love. Yes to have. I hope that beat the last most embarrassing moment. That was pretty darn good. We've got some really good ones are going to listen to find out I will listen Jerry what hers was I will be sure to listen, but hey, we just had mr. Italia the man who the man behind the curtain walk in here. So we're putting him on the spot. He's got I am glad you got to come answer a question here. So you got to answer a question first, then I'll hit pause and you guys can get down to business. So here we are with the man of the hour the Tower of Power. Mr. Tony Italia. And what question do you have? What was your career choice when you were in high school? After almost 30 years. It's kind of easy to answer that one up. Why work this a student worker and worked for the school's really? Yeah, and he just went right into it then. Well, I worked at Walt covid down the street for a couple years and then so is like two years at work there and then I came back. Yep, that is awesome. And you've been here how long so I work for Hudson schools for several years, but I've been with Talmadge for going on 23. All right. Yeah, and Tony is the guy that makes this building look like it's brand-new. Well, thank you. Mr. Hey you do a phenomenal job. Well, thanks for your vulnerability you guys and digging into the the graphic. That's right. Well, we're going to go find another victim. So that's thanks so now we're heading down the science wing and we have cornered. Mrs. Benedict here a Talmadge grad. She's reaching into the bag. This one I'm kind of nervous about what this is going to say. Oh, they're not bad. What's your guilty pleasure when it comes to music? This has been a popular one. Everyone keeps grabbing that one. I don't know if I would have to pick one. It would have to be like Backstreet Boys and NSYNC because I grew up with them. Yeah, Backstreet Boys. Yeah, I grew up with them. My first concert was in sync. I was 13. Oh you win this past summer to I know you didn't you? Yes, I did. Well, you know what? We want to know more about your kids, but you're going to have to come in and we're going to have to interview you and so you can tell the stories about Your kids and about to be about poop. Well, that's Teja life. All right. Thank you. Already hit record. So I got to keep going so we have another science teacher here. Mrs. Ian. And who is looking at me with this? Look if you could see it, he's not real happy about being on here. But she's going to answer this question. She's nervous hands are clammy. She opens it. Oh, yeah, what was your career choice when you are in high school, I was pre-med or this guy was I went into college pre-med. I was in the it was no Yukon then the Neo Med dual enrollment program. I did the whole undergrad so I decided in sixth grade. I wanted to be a doctor and told my high school physics teacher that oh my God, I would never teach High School. And yet here you are and here I am. How did you get here? I realized I didn't want to be a doctor after a couple of years and then I was going to be a sign language interpreter for a semester and then I thought well, maybe I'd need a backup and I get a minor in education and they told me they don't do that. They don't do that anymore, which I Now understand and then just sort of decided sitting in that office in the education building that I was going to be a teacher. That's awesome. And I called my mom from the lobby and said I'm going to be a teacher and it was this pivotal moment in my life, and she doesn't remember the phone call. She just like a doctor now you want to that's awesome. And now you are this incredible teacher and Acting lies that I try. Well, thank you. All right being courageous there. That was easy. Alright our last guest tonight during parent-teacher conferences is none other than mr. Taylor a fellow social studies teacher. So he's reaching into the bag say hello to the audience. Mr. Taylor. It's a pleasure to be here. Thank you for having me. And what question do you have to answer tonight? What's one thing about you that most students do not know and I must answer it. Well, you have no choice you are bound to the mic. Well, then I cannot tell them my tattoo ha ha ha never find out your tattoo. Uh, yeah. Let's see. My father is actually a gospel singer for a living. Oh really? And I actually can sing pretty well myself. I stink at my church. Well, I used to sing at my church. Now we go to a bigger church, but you know, I've I've been known to sing some tunes and different things like that. But yeah. Wow, well, you know what when you come in here and we get the full interview you're going to sing for us. So that is neat. I didn't know that either that's pretty cool. So you guys so you're a tattoo artist is what you're trying to tell us. That is correct that is musician by had a bandit be called aspartame and my first album would be killing you sweetly. Oh the dead jokes dads. Jokes, you know what? This is. Definitely a good place to stop and thank you for tuning in and make sure you check out our interview that's coming up this weekend with a very special guest. Take care.