Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins. And to some degree all these years later. It's why my life's work is founded on further exploring. The indefinable each one of us is different from the other that goes without saying shaped by our personal accomplishments and struggles our experiences and relationships and the lands that infused our souls with their sounds and sights and Savers but our similarities. Those are what I see as foundational pieces to understanding MKS better in order to love them. Well, It's also why I want to begin this series with an article called the five seas that Define most MKS to outline in Broad Strokes. What are similar quirks and qualities are in the hope of starting a longer conversation and maybe even deeper exploration. I need to acknowledge right at the start that I'll be speaking in generalities. And for every assertion I make they'll be numerous exceptions and you might be one of those but this is a good place to start and the episodes that follow will dive even deeper into particular. Strengths and challenges. We MKS might not even realize we have in common. So if you are an MK if you're raising him case or if you love him Kay's the following article is for you. This is the five sees that Define most MKS. Defining what it means to be an MK ranks right up there with summarizing the plot of inception or the Matrix. We're not just Rubik's Cubes. We're Rubik's Cubes whose facets are made of Multicultural experience has mixed with universal milestones and tinged with spiritual overtones. In other words. We're confusing to ourselves and to others in the interest of helping those who love us to entangle our complexity. I offer you a five point definition of what it is to be an MK. This is by any measure. An incomplete picture and traits will occur to various degrees depending on our personality age and type of cross-cultural experience. But I hope it's a good start for those of you trying to figure us out. Number one contradictory from the outside looking in we can be a head-scratching collection of contradictions one minute. We seem qualified to run a small country and the next were having a panic attack trying to place an order at Chipotle. We have a visceral understanding of world events and geography, but we may not be able to tell you whether DC is a state we can navigate the transportation system of most foreign cities, but we may not have a driver's license at the age of 23 we Easily connect with people from other cultures and have absolutely no idea about the Kardashians Or Duck Dynasty. Some of us can have philosophical conversations in three different languages that we may not know how many cents are in a dime. We may have no clue. What a running back is. We may consider laws to be merely suggestions right up until we get arrested. We may try on clothes while standing in the middle of the store because changing rooms really it can lead to what I call schizophrenic. Excel phys steam one minute. We feel confident and proud of what we bring to society and the next were wondering why at my age can I not figure out this ATM? Number two complex when adults from planet blue move to planetread they end up like mixed beads the different inputs and traits of each place intermingled but still distinguishable when children from planet blue grow up in Planet red, they end up like red and blue Play-Doh in the hands of a four-year-old purple. They're blue and red combined into an inextricable other that is hard to understand. So when you see us being weird, there's a chance. We're She just being are complex selves and doing or saying things in a way that is absolutely normal in our other worlds. Some of us might point with our lips instead of our fingers or hold hands walking down the street with people of the same gender without it. Meaning anything. We might never use our left hand when handling food or avoid looking you in the eye even in a job interview. It's not that we're trying to be different. We're simply being another cultures definition of normal. In many respects, we're hidden immigrants. We may look act talk and dress like we're from right down the street, but internally, we identify with other places but it goes beyond behavioral differences from our time. In other cultures. Some of us may have absorbed different attitudes about modesty morality. Theology gender roles and Authority as an example women who come from countries where the female body isn't taboo won't think twice about wearing a low-cut shirt to church In case who have grown up in cultures where drinking alcohol is as common as drinking Coke won't hesitate to drive down the road holding an open can of beer as people in there other worlds do they don't realize things are different here. So I encourage those who know MKS to ask questions before coming to conclusions about our character and respectability because like our patron saint elf we might look the part, but we're not really from here. Number three conflicted this goes beyond having a minor stroke when trying to decide who to cheer for during the Olympics or World Cup soccer many of us find it nearly impossible to make sense of all we've known and experienced we've been gifted with so much good growing up as MKS what we've accomplished and witnessed what we've learned and assimilated what we've enjoyed and evaluated we wouldn't trade it for the world. But for many of us there have been hard things to get through. To some of us have seen famine had friends killed by disease lived in fear of violent attacks or felt powerless in the face of unimaginable need yet. We wouldn't trade it for the world. Some of us have had to deal with separation abuse neglect heightened expectations alienation anxiety hard goodbyes and impossible transitions yet. We wouldn't trade it for the world. Granted young people the world over May struggle with abuse neglect alienation and depression. What makes these significant in the lives of MKS is that every hardship we've had to face can be traced back to God the buck as they say stops with him because our lives have been shaped by his call on our parents. So for the spiritually conflicted MK, the Litany of accusation starts with a god-centered. Why why did he call my parents to such a hard? Place why didn't he protect my friends from getting sick with ebola? Why didn't he step in before that adult harmed me? Why did he drag my family into a life that is tearing us apart. I've seen it so often I've experienced it myself the pain of a life devoted to Ministry contained our view of God though it often deepens our faith. It can also weaken or destroy it. There's a common assumption that MK as our spiritual Giants. Yet that sadly not always the truth if we're given the understanding time and support we need though. We will become more likely to unravel the conflicts in our minds and hopefully to find Jesus waiting in a place called healing. Number four compressed I've written extensively about MKS and relationships and I'll link to that article in this episode's notes. But if we're defining MKS we need to address this straight. We are compressed in the way we manage relationships. It comes from the high mobility of life on the mission field and the number of losses. We experience from a young age either we're constantly in motion or the world around us is constantly in motion so we know that we don't have the luxury Cherie of time if we see someone who looks like friend material we dive in and fast quickly getting to the meat of what we know and think and feel to the onlooker familiar with a more slow paced entrance into relationship. We're going to appear in tents and hurried to us. The traditional Progressive development of friendship is going to feel shallow and long-winded that's a huge hurdle of misperception on both sides in the MKS hurry. He to get to True friendship. We might be dismissing those who don't dive as fast as we do and they might be exactly the friends were looking for. So if you see an MK burning through friendships at warp speed, you might need to remind us that things are done differently in monocultural settings and that we'd be better served to slow it down and give relationships the time to prove themselves. Number five comprehensive our geographical Allegiance is fervent. But broad that can be hard for friends who have only ever belonged to one culture to understand we watch the news with knowing eyes subconsciously scanning footage of places. We've called home for familiar faces and feeling unrest and environmental crises in a visceral sometimes over-invested way. The intensity of our love for foreign lands is in flames. By the longing of elapsed time and distance though many of us develop an authentic attachment to our passport culture. We can't fathom making it the center of our identity. Our International years preda gate our world view no matter how constricted our geography might become later in life this hesitation to entirely by in can lead us to shirk putting down deep roots and avoid positions associated with purely National concerns are cultural. Palette is so panoramic that mono National belonging feels almost like betrayal. It's not that we don't love our passport culture. We can be comprehensive in our allegiances and include it in the mix. It's that we love other cultures to and the depth of our missing them can make foreign places feel more heart connected than our current location. So those are the five seas that Define most MKS our Multicultural confusing challenging and life enhancing backgrounds are not Boulders. We drag around behind us. They can give us the ability to expand viewpoints introduce Innovation and build Bridges between clusters of sameness to diversify monocultures if we can work through the contradictions complexity and conflicts of growing up as we have if we can harness the Cheers and disarm the hazards. We can bring valuable MK assets into our adult lives and spheres but as we tackle the hard stuff celebrate the great stuff and repurpose vmk stuff to better serve our world. We might need the help and patience of those who love us despite our differences because as the saying goes it might take a village to entangle are complicated intimate and Rich shade of purple. Thank you so much friends for taking the time to listen today in bringing you these articles in audio form. My prayer is to build a broader Village of MK understanding people in order to care for them better and to love them. Well, make sure you check the episode notes for a link to this article and a couple related resources and you might also Check out my website Michelle Phoenix.com and my social media Pages all of which are linked in the notes. Please don't hesitate to leave a comment anywhere. The podcast is posted or through the contact button on my site. These articles are conversation starters, and I want to engage with you as I wrap up this recording today. I want you to know that I celebrate the purple you are or the purple you love. Thank you for your time.