So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but But for you at home, this is Mindy Hamilton. She is a medical Anthropologist. She is the founder of Mindy Monday and she's also Jake's girlfriend. It is all true love. I was all true. Yeah get you should just shower him with pet names throughout this entire show. Just every time you say one. I will put it up underneath his picture on the on the camera snookums snookums take this is the first signal snuck him Santa comes. Yes. This is gold for Friday night. It's gonna be good. So so yeah, you are you have your own company called Monday Monday tell us where first of all tell us where the name came from and then tell us what you do. So the name came from my job my days of the week off would be Sunday Monday and Sundays are usually spent like either recovering from Saturday or doing nothing and then Monday Monday, I would usually go out into the world. This was years. Years ago when it started so I was writing a thesis at the time in grad school, which usually meant doing anything to procrastinate writing the thesis so Mindy Monday was born during a lot of parties in my life. And so Mindy Monday was usually a lit day to drive around and eat hot dogs and treats a lot of hot dogs Hardy by the number of hot dogs at the school. Honestly will mainly Monday's become a day of The week in our house, you know, it's not what's going on Saturday. You know, I have to be here on Tuesday. And then this is happening on Monday Monday and this happens on Wednesday and it's just the new actual name Mosaic. That's the way to do it. No longer have Monday since hell. Yeah. It's a day to do whatever I want. You know, it's been for five years now and now this more mature time in my life, it's usually like a fuckin paint the hallway or jolting adult an adult. You're supposed to be for the other six days of the week. Nice going into Monday Monday's but it's whatever I want to do. It's Mindy Monday and that's that become that became your company name and you got a you are developing hydrosols. Yeah. So once I finished grad school, I got really into gardening kind of unexpectedly and so as a graduation present to myself I bought this machine from Portugal that basically distilled water and you could use it to distill, you know, No moonshine or whiskey also, but you distill on distilling those ideas better? Yeah. That is what when you say it. That's what it looks like. Yeah. It looks like you know the pictures you see of a moonshine operation with the pipes copper live everywhere. Yeah. My old roommate said it looked like a vintage meth lab. Yes, but I distill water through it along with herbs out of my garden which makes like a skin tonic or skin spray and I got the idea because I use a lot of those I learned about them at my job. And so I was like man, it'd be really fucking sweet. If I could just make these not pay, you know, $15 a bottle, but it's pretty cool making my own. So yeah, I really enjoy it while we should make whiskey so I don't to pay $30 a bottle. Hey Kate $30 a week maybe right now, unfortunately, it would contaminate my God skin products. I know the yeast from the alcohol. Yeah. It's also like you'd have to buy new parts on them machine pretty often. Because they get clogged from all the yeast and looked into it. I tried. Yeah and everyone who used your skin care products and feel really good all day, right? So what are what is a hydrosol? So basically it's the byproduct of an essential oil so you put water. Water and plant in this machine and it distills the water with the plant. So the water becomes infused with the plant like a really popular example is rose water. Like that's a hydrosol. It's the water completely infused with the rose. So I cucumber water at a restaurant. Exactly. Okay? Yeah. So the Brian science face brideshead see it firsthand I'm using I'm like, oh, that's cool. Just fucking take the leaf. Put it on my forehead. And then have Josh throw a fucking bucket of distilled water in - so easy job. I'm collecting the water and that's called a hydrosol. But if I were to well, I let the water sit for 6 to 8 weeks and during that time you can see the oil rise to the top of the water. And if I were to collect that oil off the top of the water that would be an essential oil, which is what all of these are ya so I'm doing the hydrosol, which is just the water because I I think the water is just as important for your skin as oil because that's what is made out of soap and water. Mmm-hmm dope and my machine is not big enough to create a bunch of oil. Well, I could buy one and it costs as much as this house. Hmm - it really seems like Yeah. Well, yeah, where do you work now? I've worked at the same place for 10 years 11 years in April. Yeah can't I can't even fathom that the longest job I've ever had was To you my brothers and I'm not even old that doesn't count. You can't be can't quit doesn't count. That's like being in prison. How was the longest job you ever had? I guess I'll work the government job for probably five years four years. I worked at the hotel for a long time to you. Actually did he count music production? I did that for eight years, but that doesn't count because I did not know you got to be like getting a W-2. Yeah. No no longest longest I've ever had was like 2 years and 2 months that's mine on average as About two years. Sorry, I interrupted you when you've been you've been with your company for 10 years. How I'm what company is that Roberts Health Foods you want an only family-owned little herbal shop in Lexington and I rode my bicycle up there when I was 16 and ask for a job. Yeah. Yeah. So your job you have a really unique job Mindy and I hear stories all the time about what you do because you guys sell essential oils and all that stuff but in like health foods and whole and it's kind of like what I imagined it. Some ways I imagine like a g and C but like a good version like a family-owned hoping you know a lot more herbal stuff like one entire row or I'll at our stores over a hundred jars of like loose herb and like self-serve like people can leave with one cinnamon stick or people leave with 25 bags of different herbs. It's not the kind of herb. You're thinking. I don't know if I don't it looks like it a lot though. I got Uncle Tony for that. Yeah shout out. Sweet, is that his Chi nice cool. He can throw us in sponsorship Dodge then. Yeah and you you and I hate to keep just go about your job, but you have like a really interesting job and no one else. Who does what you do and you work with a psychic I do we didn't get super fucking cool. Yeah. I knew that would get him. Yeah. Okay, so we have like a storefront and you know, it's one-on-one. Like hey, let me know if you can help find a you need help finding anything like find everything. Okay? Oh my God. Yeah. Well this winter. With your medicine, but this won't blah blah blah and then in the back of the store, we have therapy rooms and a seminar room where we hold free classes. And in the therapy rooms. We do Reiki which is like energy healing and the Reiki master is also Clairvoyant. I call her the psychic that's like my ad home referral to her. But she, you know calls herself Clairvoyant what makes shopping real easy, I guess, right. Yeah, I mean, well she's also been watching her walk in and she's like hi. Here you go. Yeah. I already have all your stuff in the basket for you all. Thank you. I didn't know I needed all this but you did so perfect. If we didn't have like a Minority Report gold, like if we had like fucking precogs, they would just Walmart and Kroger would just buy them. And yes on and then they would just when you show up at the door, they would just hand you all the shit. You're gonna be coming by and I bet you could actually make like a marketing scheme out of that because there's people that buy into really stupid bullshit like psychics for example, but so take people for out-of-state people well takes a skeptic. So let's say someone let's say someone is very much a believer. Beaver and a psychic right? And now let's create this fabricated scenario where Kroger employees psychics right? And so you sign up for some sort of monthly thing like psychic shopping and you just show up to Kroger and they have your card already packed full of shit. But if you're like this believer, do you see what I'm trying to say? Oh, yeah, you're going to be like, that's exactly what I wanted. I didn't know it but I do need all this I do that sounds almost out of dis detergent right now. I'm using Tide detergent not never used Todd before but the psychic now, Need so then I show up there and there'd be all like this health food shit in there and be like, where's my fucking pizzas? This motherfuckers hiking didn't lazy needed it the fuck out fired fired every time I get there's like a community time I go they just assume that I want a whole family size think of Oreos. Why is this this is our feeling judged. I'm not I'm being attacked come at me bro, but that's out of your hands because it was psychically predetermined as pretty term is when your fault. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and then I can sue them when I get I've 80s right? It's coming dog. So, do you have any good what what's like some funny or interesting or weird stand out like psychic moments or Clairvoyant moment? Yeah. No, I was thinking about that today. We're not we're not here to by the way just to shit all over this. No, I think it's fascinating even though he's the skeptic and that's fine. Actually the skeptic at my job like out of everybody there. I mean imagine working with somebody for five years and then one day I was maybe, you know three four years and One day they come to work and they're like, oh, you know I see I see shit now. Look, I'm sorry. So I wait wait, so it just happened overnight like Kyle. She had a lot a lot of experiences and one week like kind of traumatic and he does a lot in D like my car flipped and now my brain does some Carriage shit. Yeah, it's awful. But so she was in this industry for you know, two decades three decades before this even happened so she was already Ready, like the most knowledgeable person. I knew about this kind of stuff and kind of an intuitive person. Anyways a little yeah totally and then got her Reiki certificate so is doing energy work and then like, you know says that she can like see Spirit and like infer things and I'm definitely the most skeptic at my job like that. It's sometimes sometimes what is it? Sometimes I sense Angels not always but so I'm definitely out of everybody at my job the most skeptic but I was thinking about this today and definitely the story that stands out was I had another co-worker years ago and it was not her thing either and one thing I love about my job is that we can all be drastically different for instance. Only one person's vegan. Like you would have you would think that we were all these hardcore like I fuckin love hot dogs like, you know where to begin for a long time. And then and Jake was like 2 cheats chili dogs, like every other day. Yeah. It's like oh you're right fuck and so, you know like but nobody has to believe anything. They don't want to believe in or you know, sell things they don't want to sell to customers. But anyway, so I'm definitely the skeptic out of everybody a girl who worked there years ago was also a skeptic and she moved to Florida and she was having her in-laws come to stay with her for a weekend and she smoked pot and they didn't know she smoked pot and she could not find her pot like the guest room was her smoke room. Choice, so she's like scouring the house like they're going to be there in like four hours and she cannot find her pot and the psychic had never been to her house before didn't know anything about it was in fucking Florida. And so she called the psychic and was like Hey like this is how desperate I yeah, like because they didn't even they don't really like they were not ever the closest of friends. And so she's like, you know, please I really need you like I cannot find this. A spot and in five minutes or less phone call. The psychic was pretty much just like okay back right corner of the house, which was the guest room little table. Is there a drawer is it between the drawer? And you know, is it like falling back behind it was there and then my friend immediately called me and was like, all right, dude. I know that we you know, don't really I know we could shit on this whole Clairvoyant there. I just found the fucking pot and now I'm a Believer has ever left unhappy see this is my whole thing though. Like why are they not winning the lottery every other fuck? Is it this time? That's my thing. Like if you can fucking tell me where a bag of pot is from another state in a location how to fucking you not see tomorrow's newspaper with the winning numbers on it. I don't know look at it because I've known her for now decade is that I feel like it is if it is a thing, I feel like it is tailored to her brain and her brain is in I love her and I think she would agree her brain is definitely not number oriented. It is definitely not money-oriented. It is definitely not like like when because like I said, no customer has ever left and happy and she is booked morning tonight five days a week and they are I mean the pieces Five dollars an hour. It's a brilliant scheme. Well, what I'm finding out is that we are in the wrong line of because I've been saying this whole time that I need to just wake up psychic one day I can fortunately now the people at mini-store know me Reno before they did they don't know me come in there and be psyche immense knowledge industry behind it to I mean, I'm all for sure which industry the Herbal Remedies in this industry or well, that's just what was it? Like it's not just that she's telling you like study for like a year what lottery ticket to buy she's tell like it's about your health, you know, so like it I'm just getting the I couldn't have it. I'm still thinking about your robe and it's got to be a Ric Flair type. It has I need a I need a robe and some sort of Crystal that I carry around. Yeah. Yes. Yeah a very very excellent posture and the Rope has like a tall neck on it's got its a Ric Flair. It's like at that fucking yeah. It's Joe. It's the way it's the whole wizard thing. Whoa, whoa, you know, did they get that fucking chop going shit? What is that? Let's take it just take it. Don't ask why show it lean your head back lean your head back. That's just pure LSD. All right. So for today, we're just gonna trick. What is it? Really nice Frank? Considered cinnamon spearmint Petrie lavender eucalyptus. Let's teach her a little we hate tea tree oil looks good. Right? What do you uh, what does that do for your body? When you project action? Oh nice, I'm gonna poop real good. Think guys speaking of pooping. Yeah speaking of pooping: Andy. Yeah perfect have to do shit: arrogation. Explain to me. Ouisa do that at our job where I I used to be a service in one of the back rooms. You have first-hand experience with this. Okay. All right. So explain to me baby bird how we irrigate the: come on. So and if you were to do it in a mo, okay, it would do like the first bit of the: okay, but this therapy it's like Christmas. We'll call it does all five feet of intestines. So you lay on a massage table and face down face down. Down back. I was okay. Yeah, you're just laying there with cloak will blanket up to your chin. Like all talked in cozy I did and there's a whole I guess underneath. Well, you have a you have like a medical like Journal. Yeah. Okay. Yeah and under that you are naked and you on the massage table, there's like a sheet and then like a puppy pad just in case you shit for the same reasons as a puppy that you normally okay. All right, you're way more polite about it than I was. There is a certified lady or man, I guess on a little stool certified. Ladies Twitter name tag says stare stare that you with an intense glare in there. I colon hydrotherapist. Okay, and there's a machine on the wall that is connected to the plumbing. So it's like the septic tank. Yeah. It's like this needs a human Plumbing or the plumbing plumbing actually. Okay. So so what is it? Is it like a hose? They shove up your ass or something. There's a plastic hose. The new scope for every single person and it's about a quarter of an inch in diameter and it goes about a quarter of an inch into your anus and so water goes from I get but water comes from somewhere through through the tube going down your throat. Oh my God first it goes through the box on the wall to sterilize it the certified ladies. Like where's that water coming from Josh's? Goes like through this machine sterilize it and then this water goes like through the scope into you and like it goes goes goes goes and like you are filling up with water while you're laying there on the table and you're just like having a conversation with her you're talking about the weather and then you're just watching your summer starting you're starting to feel like yeah. Yeah, like see your stomach if late but you're starting to feel like more and more full full on Willy Wonka. Yeah and like right when you think she's completely forgotten about you. You're like, oh my God. But like if we're talking about like politics or whatever she like reaches over and presses this lever on the box. That's sterilizing the same box and sterilizing the water. She pulls this lever and then all the water flows back out of you through the scope into the box. That's like the plumbing. So there's like no mess or smell or anything, but you can if you wish there's like a mirror at our place there was a mirror adjusted hanging off the wall lets you just Let's see watch the scope like so that you can see like how much shit is coming out of you because like some people don't get any shit come out like his there so dehydrated or impacted their so dehydrated or impacted that they don't get anything that comes out. So like the first time that I ever did it I was like 17 I may have been 18. I don't know but I was legal for legal reasons. Likes them too. I mean a tiki remember I was like severely dehydrated. I'm pretty sure I had like had al-kitab Joe tried a new flavor of rinette's vodka the night before something I was 21 and just keep I was just feeling really bad. Like I was having what they have been my only a ever migraine headache like I just felt terrible and there's nobody to work for me. So it was either, you know, suffer through this or let everybody down and I had only worked there a few years since so, you know, like the the pressure and like the responsibility, you know, these are like family members at this point and the colon hydrotherapist is like well, you know, you could try colonic and feels like the last resort so like wait. Yeah when I when I have a headache I'm not That had the whole I want to pump my ass full of water really bad right now. I never would have thought that maybe I should you know have all the shit sucked on next time you get a headache tell me I'm coming over to bring bring your garden hose inside and just like you're immediately hydrated like you were being yeah, like she did work. Oh, yeah because you absorb all that water. So you want to wait shit too. Yeah, dude, you know how much shit all of us had in him? When he died, no, no lat wasn't he on the toilet when he died. Yeah, so he had a lot and then he died and he had a lot less like so you can hold up to 30 pounds of poop in your intestines. Holy fuck. Yeah. Well, that's and like there's been all kinds of recorded cases of famous people who have died and just been full of shit. Is that what he said? Yeah. That sucks. That's a lot of shit. It's 30 pounds man. Lose 30 pounds. Yeah. So so Tire Banks got a colonic. That's what they're called for short. She had a colonic on her show a couple of years ago. Like they're gone. Oh because like she's completely covered under a blanket and there's just the lady sitting here goes in my ass right now. Can I just pause and just say if you want to see Brian get a colonic on the show vote now? Yes. All we need are ten votes if we get ten or more votes on this Brian's getting a I'm gonna go clean my ass. They still do this at your work. No, she got her own location recently. So she's just wrote off Tates Creek Road. Yeah. She's right off Tates Creek Road Brian. That's a hop skip and a jump away. I don't know. You don't know that's pumped full of water. That's so sweet. That's great. Well, we'll have to take like have to do a weigh-in before and after two people. Yeah. No, that's a thing. So I'll do this for I'll do this for all my friends in the military. We're trying to make trying to make weight trying to don't want to be on that pork chop poutine MMA fighters jockeys. Like that's a thing. Well, I can see an MMA fighter doing it because the worst thing ever would be to get, you know knocked the fuck out and then shit yourself all over national television or to get to fight night and not be able to fight because you haven't made your weight class right that too. Yeah like a fuck man. What am I gonna do? I was an ass on it didn't work. I'm overweight. So did you feel better like long-term? Just kind of heard that. Day, it was this was 10 years ago. Well had one a couple of years after that a couple years after that. It's kind of like pretty recently then. I mean it was like 5 years ago. I just feel like I'd be embarrassed sitting in there, you know talking to somebody while they're shoving a hose up my ass just like a massage therapist Osa massager of ass like it there's a gift of like tap. What do you go to get massages? It's they all right. You just need a new massage therapist why I don't really get massages house. Only ever had a the ones that do my shit and fucking Physical Therapy were never like alright Spread spread your asshole open because take off your fucking asshole right now her fucking you know, you know what I'm saying? I don't know. They're not massaging. That's hold on. Well, it's not what glutes are no. No, I'm talking about I'm talking about I'm talking about the fucking I'm getting the hydro thing man. I don't know if I could like she puts Lube on it. Oh, well that makes everything better sold that you said that I guess I'll fuck it. I'll go I'll go get one tomorrow. We'll see how it goes. I don't know. I don't know. It's just seems weird motherfuckers. Y'all coming with me. I know what you're laughing to pay for it. I'll pay for it you to see this you get you're going to have to go to man. Have a full spa day for Brian Eno will have a full spa day for all of us couples couples therapy and older couples like a little bit. We'll do our next podcast. We should pose all their poses with are all fucking broke Zod and we're going in fucking his-and-hers robes. You gotta make all where the herds robe and and we go in and you just get you know, oh man, I don't know. We should do a lot of focus on the lubing poor so Slow motion and I'll put the very wide on the background. Oh Jesus does it does it help does it would you recommend it? I mean he leave done it a few times not only being fully hydrated. But like I mean I could dirty water water a lot of water. Yeah works best if you drink a lot of water beforehand otherwise Everybody just sucks up water the whole time the nothing ever leaves, you know what I mean? So I have that we have the lame 30 pounds of water weight. Yeah, and then the opposition. No, but that we honestly have no idea how this works. So this is what for real pure speculation is make you gain weight. But like if you go and dehydrated you will leave hydrated and if you go in hydrated you will leave. Wave lighter because you don't absorb any of the water going in and just runs in and runs out with all the what will have to like, we'll have to fucking see we'll have to do some sort of test to he's going to be filming it. So he's got the fun job. I'll be I'll be getting a foot detox and infinite but detoxes and we do a lot of cool shit at my job. Yeah, I'd be more inclined. So what guys having to fill that'll sauna that you can set in then just Head sticks out of in the rest of your body first daughter. What sauna really? Wow, I think you should get a spray tan to me ride it. Yeah. Oh, yeah, cuz I don't see some light ever. No. Yeah me either not a strain of fucking vampire. Today's episode is brought to you by anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. It's completely free. There are creation tools that lets you record and edit your podcast from your phone or from your computer. They even distribute your podcast for you. So you can listen to it on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts Stitcher all kinds of different platforms. You can monetize your podcast so you can make a little bit of extra money when people listen and it literally gives you every single thing that you need to make an awesome show. That's what we're Using right now, you can download the free anchor app, or you can go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Again. That's anchored dot f m What do we got we got your go. Okay. Now we got that scratch that fucking shit right off. Let's see. What's what's some funny stories. Tell me some funny stories that work. He's a good Joe. Yeah, that's some funny stories, but sort of anecdotes. Welcome back to The Tonight Show is Brian. Yeah here. Give me a you can see I prepared for this. Well, Telltale joke. Okay. So one top. Well, there's cure some you laughter. There's some interesting stories about wow. So you guys have to keep what does it bug spray or wasp spray underneath your counter I choose to yeah for what because I don't have a concealed carry so I can watch wasp. Well, it's a deterrent for or wasps people in case you get attacked by wasps. Oh, I'm trying to get you to tell a story about white wine eating wasp spray. Well tell me about this wasp Rescue It Up. That's like a great if you know, it's a perfect story. I already want to know there's a homeless shelter across the street. So like sometimes we have people wondering and very rarely have they ever been aggressive but sometimes they have been rocking with a rail and every homeless person Just this one asshole tells tell us tell you what has ever tried to really hit me but I felt like it might have escalated to that point and the police just don't come when I call I swear to God like that sounds like an athlete times if you called though the call the police a lot of times. It's like the girl who cried wolf this point. I swear they save your number I've got I just haven't got a new phone number. So that's sweet, but they definitely yeah, and I always call not and Non-Emergency. In situ like I've never like nine one one because I just feel like a bitch. So I always call the non-emergency number and I'm like an emergency. I'll let you be the judge. I almost got your he has a knife is this yeah. I'm sure that be a nine one one call it that I have wasp spray. So tell me you shot somebody in the face with wasp. No, unfortunately, no, unfortunately, yeah, I can think of another story where I should have had wasp. Yeah, tell us this was a good try good try. Yeah pound. Yeah, so I was at I was going to EKU at the time and I was living in the dormitories and I drove a 1988 Volvo station wagon, and it was I didn't know it at the time but someone informed me later it was the coldest day of the year. It was the second week in February and it was like 4:30 in the morning, and I'd already gone to a party. I showered should have gone to bed at that point was going to go to Lexington from Richmond to Lexington for another party and just go out to my car start up the Volvo. Don't let it warm up at all head to the interstate and I get like 10 miles down the interstate and I'm like why am I so cold? Why is my heat not my is my heater not producing any heat and look down and my temperature gauge is just all the way through the roof like completely in about that time. My engine explodes to the point where the hood of my car slams up onto the windshield. Tommy Boy and I cannot see so I pull over on the side of the interstate and get out of my car and keep warm by the fire. That is my engine shit. Hobo level 9000 right now. You're on this side of the interstate. I like being warm Thirty in the morning engine fire. Fire probably should have got away from is so cold. I mean like where I had just showered my hair was like literally like icicles on my head. It's all like keeping warm and you know, I'm going to a party so like winter coat is not not cute at that point. So it was what was he in troll? Fashionable right over wife? Yeah. This is 10 years ago. Like I have much better head on my shoulders. But so I've already got it in my head, you know, if anybody pulls over that is not a cop. I'm not getting in the vehicle, but I'm so cold that I'm almost chanting this to myself to like convince myself, but I'm not going to immediately so I've already texted a friend and they're coming to get me or called them or whatever. Like I already have a ride on the way but you know this truck pulls up and I like Oh man, you know like I've really want to get into really cool really creepy. It's a newer truck. I woke up to the passenger window and he's like he this is how he starts off if my daughter were on the side of the highway. I would want somebody to pick her up. I remember thinking and because it's pretty good line pretty pretty good opener stranger Ted Bundy probably using yeah. I give this as soon as I can distract the Bible is playing on cassette day the doors lock. It's like a four-door truck and it'll the backseat is just lined with guns. Like there's probably 15 guns and the truck Bibles playing and I was just like, oh, you know, well if you just want to take me up to the next exit the very next exit it again. Gas station will do they were getting off of Revelations Morgan Freeman's read the book of Matthew and you're like, oh God, I'm getting off in Minnesota. That was probably the longest 10 minutes of my life listening to the Bible play and looking at all the guns and the rearview mirror and him telling me about how my car was absolutely fucked. He's like, you are not ever driving that car again. I mean, I've never seen a car I'm driving. In cards, yeah. Did you ever drive it again? Yeah, I had a new engine put in it. Oh my God, that's expensive. Yeah was this before or after? You said that at one point I didn't have a floorboard and you can just like see the road and where you yabba, dabba do it? After I saw yeah, I just no no kick the floor. Then that's on you waffles. Not on love waffles waffle waffle waffle know. I had a brakes holding down my floor mat the cover the holes there. Yeah kind of car was has in 1988 Volvo station wagon. Nice. Nice. Yep survived fire and big kept on going. Fire and brimstone at this point. Well, yeah, you're with Revelation master. I had to have a new engine and transmission put in actually after that the fire killed both of those do that. But instead of getting a whole new shell for the car, please all vital organs. Was this like a Sentimental car? Yeah. My parents bought it the year. I was born. Um, yeah, so that's it all the way up until just a couple years ago. Wait, is this the ketchup saying car? No. Okay, I like old cars. Yeah, and ketchup stains Yeah. Well, yeah explain to Brian. What a ketchup stain is. Yeah. It's a bleep but we are sorry. I can't accept that. We have had the pleasure no stadion. If you have it. Do you have a picture somewhere in your phone? You don't just show me now but like I'm gonna put it up on the screen. Oh for sure. It's in this to me later. Totally. Yeah, so I'm a huge fan of sauce. Okay, I think there are lots of foods that are all of them purely vehicles for Us okay attack of it doesn't have sauce on it. There's no point in eat hot dogs. It's french fries. Right? I'm also a believer that if you go through a drive-through and you don't do not specifically order something to eat on the way home. What the fuck was the point like I'm going through and I wish I can on the way home. We'll go to address will go to a drive-through. Let's say we decide to go to Dairy Queen will go to Dairy Queen will get our food and then we'll be Pulling out a Dairy Queen and then she'll say let's just go over to Taco Tico and get a taco to eat on the way home. And then we will will go through the drive-thru of Taco Tico get a taco just so she could eat it on the way home. But like you live a block and a half away from the Dairy Queen. Well, this this was when we did, okay. Okay, this is all right because I was gonna say that made him go. Obviously, even if even if you had to go out of your way, you need some enroute food. Okay Beast why wouldn't you just get that at the place that you're sometimes? That's all that's the case unless there's a taco tico because I can see I can see like getting my meal to eat at home. But like yeah, let me get an extra thing of fries right now. That's her. That's her food. Yeah, totally totally. So it's really difficult because cars don't fucking include a holder for Or your sauce. Is that wrong? Show me show me the lie. Like this is we have cup holders. We have sunglasses holders glove holders whole boxes. There's no it's not wrong. It's got that many gloves. We're gonna fill up a whole box. child holders in the back you could use that to neat little boxes. They give you for honey mustard will sit on the dashboard. Like what one could make this argument catch up supposed to do with this? So you're supposed to just perch it precariously on the dashboard. You know, what that's going to do. It's fun slide right off funds gonna slide right off. So I just started squirting ketchup directly on the dashboard. Okay, and when it drives a few days later, you just apply a new layer. Okay, so you basically create your own sauce counter and your vehicle. Absolutely perfect. All right, and then it had the extra effect of now you have like the sticky surface to we can take those previously mentioned container sauces. And now there's there another late last night. They stay put yeah, so when I will shit, so when jit when she sold her car and then she now drives one of my cars there was some trepidation about making that switch because I told her she couldn't have a catch-up spot almost didn't want to make the switch to the other car. Like I yeah, I could imagine like you see a bunch of people fucking rocking, you know, like some celebrity driving through through their fucking Lamborghini and they pop it up and there's fucking ketchup all over there fucking cup. Yeah start. Yeah, you got to start a revolution, you know we need to do is just manufacture a sauce holder for cars and we could probably make that our claim to fame. So Amazon. So that's copyright or a fun. It's not very practical. Okay. Well we're still is that we're still in the game then Shark Tank Shark Tank 2020. How does the Amazon one work? Like what's their it Clips on? To your AC vent and it extends and it's like a pallet and what's in Practical about this too should just have little drones squeeze the ketchup packet. Keep it just hovers right there. It looks flimsy. Okay, it could fall at any moment on my lap. Have you tried it? No up until now. I had a convenient ketchup spot. Heat for this, uh deep for this. I recently cleaned his car for this is the first time I've ever cleaned a car my entire life. Oh, yeah. How old how old were you I am 27 years old been a car owner for 10 years before she cleaned the vehicle. I used to keep Emergency Pizza under the passenger seat of my car until I found Mouse poop in my ketchup spot once again would start compromising ketchups. That'll put a big damper on the faster Emergency Pizza. Get your ketchup spot with poop in it. Yep. Yeah, it wasn't cool flavor or how do you dad's disease creates the necessity for a new layer. Can I have a bubonic for fry please layer dries complete like if you've never scored a ketchup and Jill's is the better word for it. Let's be real it's congealed is rock hard. Like if you've never squirted ketchup on to the dashboard of the car and watched it baked in the Sun for probably not a 9% of all humans. It gets very cold in a very lopsided Venn diagram people actually Sparkles. Like I don't know what they put in catch up, but it sparkles in the side of gets very pretty and they did it turns rock hard. I mean when I would put my new layers of catch up on I would not worry at all about bacteria from the previous layer. It's no worry. Shit, I wanna I'm gonna I'm gonna overlay a mineral hardness scale with ketchup spot at the top. But I also let my dog puke in the backseat of my car never clean that up and kind of watch that progress for years. He is unfazed by this is part of the package first started dating get used to it. He saw all of these things and he was still at the end of the day like I Love you, you slimy just so you can see what happened here. I handed him the list of questions and he just slid it back across the table. I'm resigned to being the host for this episode. Okay, we'll just mark this off. I didn't even have ketchup said although you did it, but this came up organically. So I just remember the time that I was I set off an amber alert. Wait, what the fuck do that? Yeah, so I was a freshman in high school and it was my childhood friend. And I Hanna we were on a camping trip with my family and her dad's like all of us went together and it was in like South Western Kentucky, we went to a bunch of different Campground so I would give the name of it, but I honestly don't remember which one but it was a campground that backed up to a lot of different hiking trails and our campsite in particular backed up to this hiking trail and everybody was settled tensor up and we are starting to prepare dinner for the night and my friend Hannah and I say We're just gonna go for a walk be back in a little bit. So we horror movie ever. We walk behind the campsite and there's a walking trail. We just start walking and talking as high school girls do and suddenly it's been I don't know please constitute and we don't know where we are because the trail has kind of just disappeared. I mean like, Like it was a the most in the British mistake ever and we can't even backtrack to find the trail we could have maybe honestly, but we remember laying it out kind of clear, you know, we need to decide right now whether we keep walking or backtrack like we because it's going to get dark soon and we need to commit to one of these things. There's no three. Forward, you know 2 feet backwards like we need to commit to either forward or backwards or else we might be fucked either way, but or else, you know, we're gonna be in in dissing undecided fucked. I'm start making forest fires happen. That's not find me. I'm over here lighting this motherfucker on fire. Come get me please you wonder what have the California it was Mindy their friend. Flip-flops and shorts and a tank top and it is like early summer where it's going to drop down real cold real quick. And so I just remember being like, you know, I I can commit to forwards or backwards, but we need to decide so we decided for words and we only way out is through man. I don't we just started running like my flip-flops broke very quickly. I became Barefoot, you know at this point I became their first let's pause there suddenly. I was barefoot. It was a big moment and that, you know, we ended up being lost for close to 14 hours. Holy fuck hence, the amber alert from my point of view, you know, I don't know what's going on with my parents back at the campsite. Like I don't know I can imagine I have some pretty good. pretty good imagination to be pretty interesting I'll get to that but I remember very clearly at one point coming up to this Valley where you know at one point, I think it may have been a river but we we were just running and all of a sudden it's a cliff Edge and we looked down and it was just the Moonlight shining directly onto you know, what was a Barren River basically and we looked across it at the other Cliff Edge and I shit you not there were fucking teas or Wolves or something something to Dick's. This is the gray. I mean we like we just fucking froze and at that point so I didn't have a cell phone. Thanks, Mom and Dad. I did not get a cell phone until I was an adult 18 and she has like one of those little razors that he didn't have to get a colon irrigation not old enough to have a cell phone. So she's like holding her pathetic little raisins know if his to her just I Jeez, I have all anxiety towards cell phones at this point because they don't work. They don't save you when you're lost in the woods. She's just holding up to the moon the bright full moon and that's fine. So you can take a selfie though. Like her dad also does not have cell service. It's going straight to voicemail. She does get her aunt's cell phone to ring like twice in Lexington and it goes to the voicemail which to this day is the funniest voicemail I've ever heard. Heard we heard it weeks later and it went something like it Lobby, please. In the woods, we see a tree two inches to the left of the Moon. I'm tired to switch. Right? Right, right. Yeah, you heard this recently. So there is a recording of This that exist. I would love to hear that several years since we've heard this but it was held over our heads for a very long time in radically speaking. We could maybe get a copy of this recording for me to play at this moment, right and then we can get a theoretical physicist come alive and the Stars. Ursula major is here. So they're in Bumfuck, Kentucky. I can just see like the FBI like sitting there like ha. Okay, okay there live to my chest to the left two inches to the left there. Fuck off. Fuck is going on how to fuck. Are we gonna find these kids? I would say if I had if I had to calculate I would say they are fucked. Yeah. So what I didn't know at this little Empire be back will change your voicemail to like a fucking fire what I didn't know at this point is that in this case? honey that were in in Kentucky there is a sex offender who has broken his parole good and you could write in these woods so instead of trying to fight view there's trying to give this guy his basement well this guy has been cited with two girls who match our description cool cool cool all perfect so they went ahead and closed head for that reason and called it an amber alert I think like normally it takes you know a day or two or you know I don't know what the circumstances are exactly but it's in the shotgun that pedophiles face when he realized what they said I just got these other two kids I didn't do it Ha ha ha there by the tree in the moon lost in the woods with no shoes think old is that there's an Amber like I'm thinking like I'm trying to tell myself in the woods that night that you know, my parents know I'm laws. They're just gonna wait peacefully for me because they've called every And one one number they can find yeah. Yeah. I know what the record if my kids disappeared to record the rule isn't if you get lost your parents should stay calm. It's not just run. No no survival rule is if you're lost stop just did there about it like Hannah and I talked about her and just did that up in the moment in the moment the right thing to do. You was right. we were right at some degree we ended up on a gravel road tell me ended up on a row we were out of the woods as far as after you know what a to win fortunate was it Daylight again no because we started walking the like 6p at 5 p.m. 6 p.m. so like it was 8:00 in the morning you know before we were actually home at Camp daylight in other words the once you made it to the gravel road did you just start walking up it in One Direction auction Barefoot and then a car came along came along and we had to make the decision to get in the truck It was the same guy Revolution never gonna work. Again. He said you're the girls. Everybody's talking about from Radio. Please say yes. So what I found out later my psychic said I was going water but I found out later is that so my dad's like a huge pot? smoker like very paranoid about cops and so he's just pissed off that he had called 9-1-1 like he had to voluntarily which I'm sure he had pot and guns in his car that were just not so he's sure he's pissed off he had to call the police and he's just, you know, he doesn't have a whole lot of faith in the police and there's this camper like they the police walked around to the all the different campsites to make sure that we weren't being hidden away, you know, because my Just tell them up and down, you know, she wouldn't just take off she would never pick a direction and run. She would never see what however maybe go into someone's camping and hide so, I guess one camper on the end of the camp side mirrors to the exit just kind of slid out without being interviewed by the police but is suspicious. So when they when they wouldn't even know they were definitely sliding out for drug-related reasons. But yeah, so Ali my dad being my dad got in his car and took off and followed them and at the next red light you have stopped got out of his car and Escalade with equation right beat down the door of the camper and held them at gunpoint and search their camper. I mean as a concerned father I could see that too. But when you got back did you say I got the sauce that would have been that would have been perfect that would have been perfect. So They were pretty much just like yeah, we're Stoners man. We're sorry like we did what you know, you mentioned they're fucking day. Yeah, I know like they're there so they all got together to go camping and smoke punch pot and then they're smoking pot and all the sudden the cops are going to every fucking camper that's on there flipping out there free. Oh, yeah, so then they make a getaway. They're all nervous, but they get to the Run they like fog coming. Can you believe that like and then the next thing you know, they stopped at a stoplight. Where's my head's in her dad's a big dude looking for his daughter this High Desert. Yeah, they probably never go camping again. Like fuck that that turned me off. Hey. want to go camping no not at all I'm good now me tell you about the last time I wake ya good forever yeah I had enough of that fuck I go camping I'm fucking strapping my kids down like Simple Simon then you would go nowhere then Bunchy Carter just get you give them like a yard leash like a dog that could walk yeah yeah yeah you are by far if any human could be immortal it would be Mindy like the stories that I've heard about you I'm not convinced that you're not a mortal already like you should have died you should have died so many times the first stresses me out yeah God tells me things she says things I'm like how are you not dead hey yeah I would be dead I would have thought it probably won't well you wouldn't him because nobody I wished I was I would I don't know at some point out of been like wait a minute there's no trial with my mental Clarity though yeah you should probably never leave your house again this is telling me with my mental Clarity though yeah you should probably never leave your house again this is telling me