How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard.Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list. Is know why you're a little disappointed how they pick your look. I wasn't happy. I'm going to say it. I mean, I think that but it was a Miss called. I'm not going to point fingers. I'm not going to put this I said I sent you the final. I'm just I'm just saying it was you know, you said that some late late entries came in you only have one of their hours whether Foul Play. I don't know who could say. Okay, but I was leading a lot of away and I thought that was probably correct. That would probably how it should have gone which is why I'm balling out this week. I'm I haven't won one yet. It's clear that our listeners aren't going to pick me to win despite having a better team. I mean Slinger came in look weak. It was not good. He had Bill Clinton was a stop but like LeBron could win a championship on his own we talked about had to go get Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade know Bill Clinton's the franchise. Yeah, but like he didn't have anyone else around him. You can't win a championship. That's where I mean again. It's it's this was up for debate for Liz. I got last place if that makes you feel any better. Tell me you're in first week. So I mean I'm like who's it going championships? They Colby has one now. He doesn't have it Joe Thornton. I guess y'all jumbo JoJo. I'm kind of like Kim deserve one. Like absolutely deserve one Mike Trout situation. Sure now, so yes, I'm going to bow out. I am not going to select a team. This is going to be a duel between Nick. After Jack's duel and death Jackson Julie. Yeah, so Nick and Andrew are going to do this one out and they're going to be drafting teams Andrew. You want to go ahead and explain what? Yeah. So for the first time listeners and obviously Nick First Time the show how this works is we're going to draft for a track and field event. We're going to have four events with a fifth one being the four by one Nick and I are both going to draft for people and our prompt of characters are going to be fat TV or movie characters. So if you can give yourself a little time listeners to think of who you might take in this situation, but it's going to work as a snake draft and here are the four events. It's going to be the hundred meter Sprints pole vault shot put and the running long jump. Yes. I said running just like that field. They Telemetry school and then the fifth events going to be a 4 by 1 so we'll we'll let the listeners vote at the end. Um on Instagram who teams really gonna win this event, but with some Integrity but with some Integrity listeners don't like you care this timer. If you really feel bad, you can just I'll leave one open for Al and you can vote for Al worn out for me if you do that. So also important to mention and again, I don't want to make this about me but you know got my wisdom teeth out on Friday. Yeah. So, you know, is this my Jordan Flu Game who could say I had the flu game last week? It stops you battle through its you know, pull the other night. I'm doing this for you guys, really so it's not you know. So is it really you don't you about out because you're losing or because you're just can't talk. No. It's a combination and I'm going to part about it the entire time. It's both things. It's very like it's not like I said, it's not a me thing. This is you guys drafting it out and I'll meet you. All right. All right, so we got a little off track there. Like I said for event track and field met with field meet with the 50 vent being a 4 by 100 meter race, and we are going to flip a coin to see who goes first our mediator / official. Yeah, girl Series game seven here. Oh look Motors. I'm leaning Nick before we even start. Thank you for your service out. Alright, so next going to call it in the air. Here we go. Tails heads it is. Alrighty. So this one is the best. This one's pretty easy. Number one overall. I am gone Fat Albert and he's running my hundred meter dash for me speed in that mu is until you see the movie if you got dressed fast fast lightning bolt fast. It's clear. Number one, I think not as clear as Billy Clanton. It's going to be tough to be more even and else. It's yeah, but Fat Albert's number one pick. He's run the hundred meter dash. I think it's salted good start. It's a good start for the second overall pick. I'm going to take white Goodman from the closing credits of dodgeball and he'll be doing the shop foot shot the cannon just as he put on a lot of torque in those things. I think you get creativity points for going with a specific point in time at the end credits white Goodman, right? Yeah, so um previous Cannon so I mean, yeah, you got your point to be made there. Um, he needs to eat a feet as way off the couch. We'll see if we can make it work. You'll get there. All right. Yeah, how do you get into this meat rolling what the other thing I like about this he has a team of personal trainers, right? Hmm. Michelle is going to take care of. Yeah. All right. So State rap style. All right, let you yeah. So yeah it back to you. This is we're starting on to now with the third overall pick. I'm going to be taking Donnie from The Wolf of Wall Street good and he'll be doing the hundred-yard dash hundred meter dash whatever you want to call it and he will not be on the Quaaludes. Well, he's right that was gonna be one of my things I was going to bring up actually. It's like can you guarantee that you will not know but we're gonna like race you already have a clear-cut lead. Already won three events and it doesn't matter the end of the movie. They're out of loads. I don't do it. You know what I can only like picture in my head when you pick Donnie is the moon and this is the scene in the movie where after the like smoke crack and there's a guy running down the middle of the street. Oh, yeah, and after this small tracking me a phone booth in the phone booth. Yeah, they're just like running down the roadway and the no one's chasing them. Nothing's going on. It's just Dawning him on wax off. Yeah, we're going to avoid that situation here. Hopefully, okay, but ya know nice thick. Thank you. All right. All right round two. I'm gone fat bastard from Austin Powers. And he's going to be doing the long jump from me for me. It really could've went shop but here because when he's doing the sumo wrestling is Chuck's a guy in the stands, but that could maybe be like the hammer throw. So I'm going long jump for the scene where he jumps over. I don't know one to count them eight Sumo guys, and yes, he's tied to a wire but still that's against the point. It's he's my long jumper. Yeah important to consider though. I mean, is that a performance enhancer? Is that something we need to No, I mean is he gonna have ropes in the long jump on this actually when it comes to competition time. It's not a performance enhancer and it's not like a drug. Mmm-hmm piece of equipment. Sure. FairPoint those buzzer. Yeah, is it buzzer piece of equipment because those you can get away with those? Yeah. So yeah. Well it garbage can tied to a wire same thing. Yeah, it's all relative. Again. The Astros are never gonna hear the end of this podcast. What point do you think will like stop with that? I don't think like I think it always is going to play until they probably win the World Series again this year dude. What a he'll move that would be I almost feel like their sake I hope it happens to the such like it just a huge like a few to everywhere better. The read the twins or the astral, that's right. I don't care because I put the overall hit by pitch prop. What was it? What did you put it? I got that probably isn't going to mess it up or anything. Okay faster. I think that's good pic. That's what that's a good seem to recall on to. Yeah. All right. I have back-to-back on this. Oh, yeah. You're right you do. So snake my My third pick I'm going Norm Peterson from cheers. And if you don't know Norm Peterson from Cheers Cheers about a bar in Boston and this every scene takes place in the bar. And Norm Peterson is there I would say promptly at 5 p.m. Till closing time every night housing beer. So I got imagine his curls shot puts a one-armed event. He's got I mean, he's just curls all night and it's mugs. Keep in mind. It's mugs. It's not cancer little extra weight added in that glass. So Right. I'm going Norm Peterson. He's doing the shotput for me. I think something important to keep in mind with that is like being a regular to Bar doesn't just happen boys. That's something you earn that you've got to put the world again. Yeah, you want to know unless to be a regular working. You're one to talk about being committed to your craft like Norm Peterson is committed to his craft so we'll get him training for shop but he's good. Mmm consistency. That's a good. Yeah the joint make sure you have probably 30 or a kabir's alongside. Yeah. We talked to keep them busy. Yeah, right maybe a chair. He might do the shotput from a seated from a bar stool. Oh to all that wouldn't that be something that they just like rolling out there and like a Barstool? Oh he at least walks and I mean, he's a good little right and it sits on a bars. Yeah. That's yeah, but like they Trot out his bar stool and he's all right. I'm just like, all right Norm, not bad. Not bad. All right. So for my third pick, I'm going to take ham Porter. Oh from The Sandlot. He's going to be pull bolting for me. I thought about the long jump, but we've all seen him try. To jump a fence and it's not really pretty so I think he needs a little bit of help with some whole smart get about that far. I like that. You know Hamilton babe Porter is like absolutely my favorite character of all time in any movie. Really? Yes. No. Yeah, you just like you ever realize what he's like walking outside just where I like it when he hit hiding inside in tight dude. It was anywhere near zero pitch recognition. He's just a a scene react guy but um respectful long ball Porter. I'm a little I'm a little actually worried about that pick for you because he talks a key calls a good game behind the plate and he is in hitters here and I just feel like my my guys gonna be a little frustrated with the troops coming from had supported pointing hand talk - yeah, he's gotta got a little voice on them living rent-free a lot of real estate in my head. Okay. All right, so My fourth and final pick is going to be Bob pin. Ciotti from That 70s Show. He'll be doing a lot of jump duties for me. Don't really know why he I think he took the shaft with a long jump probably could be better suited for different events. But this is just the way the cookies from this is kind of what yeah. It's like just is what it is. It's one of those things don't like where you like do you feel like maybe you just wanted to like pencil Bob pensee idea here. Is that maybe why I mean anything can be trained? Mmm. You just need to be comfortable being uncomfortable for training not practice. Are you drunk? Yeah, what are you know, but a quick shout out to my boy. And a boy yeah shuttle Wyatt the Undisputed this kind of control. Yeah, he's out of control. Well, someone's a good thing is mediators had this flu game. That's why it's getting out of control. Look. I'm not again not making it about me. But I feel like I've been pretty on point throughout this whole entire process Andrew last and final exam relevant. Mr. Rome. This guy's going to be relevant because he's lost in the clouds. I'm going to Russell from Up and he's clearly doing pole vault. And again, we talk performance enhancer, whatever you want to call it putting balloons on that guy and he's easily over that with a soft Landing. He doesn't he does not need that giant mattress at the bottom. Do you like do you worry though? That rustles soft? Yeah. I absolutely do do you like I absolutely do. Yeah put again, he would pull vaulting but who can you imagine like ham is going to be all over guy? Huh? Oh Hamilton, the bay Porter's going to be all over Russell will be crying. That's okay. All I need to do is tie a balloon to his bag. He goes right over that bar. I think like from a strategy standpoint. This is good look like from a team morale and team chemistry standpoint Thompson only. I mean, here's the other thing. That bastard on my roster true be protector Flight Team. Yeah, Tina flies 18. Yeah. And again you just I'm taking Russell. I mean I know is a pole vaulter at heart side job buying houses. I just okay, so all right do we reach out? Yeah, I think yeah, I don't want you to eat recap your teams will start with you get first pick. So Andrews going to recap. Yeah. Oh and Nick, you gotta add in what order they're running therefore by one. Hmm. Important stuff. Okay, so I'm going Fat Albert's going to run the hundred meter dash for me fat bastard from Austin Powers is going to do the long jump Norm Peterson from cheers is going to be doing the shot put and Russell from Up is going to be doing the pole vault and my four by one line up. We are going to start this thing off with fat bastard get this thing kicking right away second leg Russell's gonna bury himself in there. So we don't lose too much ground Norm Peterson is going third and then Fat Albert's gonna bring that thing home fast fast fast. See Usain Bolt a heavy weights. I think your team like Is very strategic and he did a good job of what always falling moment. Yeah. Yeah, you can have that going for you. Do you like the more like the analytical strategic say I just like to add them to two and one I mean, I'm all into no one's really talking about it. All right next to him. All right, we're gonna have white Goodman from the closing credits of dodgeball doing the shot put. Yeah Bob pins. Yachty will be doing the long jump hand Porter will be pole vaulting and Donnie from The Wolf of Wall Street. Not on Quaaludes to be doing a hundred yard dash important facts. Yeah, we're going to start it off. Probably not in the best foot but a white Goodman is going to be rolling around for the first hundred meters. So Bob insead, he's going to have to make that up 100 to 200 Donnie from The Wolf of Wall Street will go to to 300 and ham Porter po because he has the most energy and it's probably in the best relative shape will be running the anchor. Okay. So quick question is you have a tube in his mouth. I'll come next question. Wait. When did he win? Did he is he putting a chewin before or after this meet after big deal not have it? Well, he's running. That would not be good. Yeah me but after yes, that's how disqualifications kind of like in real life when you run polls and I was like you throw it in afterwards right, but I know what to do. Having Donnie in the three hole is that too much time to get his nose into the Quaaludes beforehand. Now, we've been over this multiple times. He's not on the toilet. You have also said you can't confirm or deny that this is a 4 by 1. He's the furthest away from the stands out like a subpar high school track meet so like he could sneak some over there. He very well could that's what he wants to do. All right, here's gonna live with it each team. And you got to pick those because yeah, I know I'm gonna like I like my players. It's it's Donnie just for obviously obvious reasons Donnie on Nick's team. There's no question because I truly do believe that he's gonna get into the Quaaludes and I think you're going to be in trouble for that on Andrews team. I'm gonna double down on Russell. I just with him being kind of a pin. I think he just gets like begged by Hamilton. I think he gets bullied. I don't know that you can hang in there with the big boys. That's that's what I that's what it comes down. You think you can you rise up to the occasion? Literally. I know you're definitely he's not big enough can't hang with the big boys. Like you just not he's just too young. He's put on some pounds and he's got that big enough. You know, I think no I think just in each mattered he's too young. It doesn't have the experience of some of the other guys of being they've said that about some people though, right? Yeah like Billy Heywood. Hmm. They said he couldn't manage MLB team at 12, but he did he took him to the wild card game. It's okay Randy. Well Henry rowengartner. Yeah. Yeah, but he has a ring. Yeah, he does but it's Bulow was down. All right now alright control. So what do I do? I pick why I think one reason to leave it up to her door listeners. Do you want me to weigh in or not? No. You're going to vote like the rest of the fans opinions on that. All right? Okay, you want it? All right, go right now. I'll walk will give my vote right now who's winning each event. You have a fat man. That's what it comes down to right. Yeah, so can you pull it off my wrist? There's if you're if you're looking at this, it's going to be a yeah, let's go like matchup. So basically when you're picking who's going to win this you got imagine who's going to win each event and then whatever team either it's a 3-2 to win a 4-1 win or a 5. 0n right ROM and he can you can get some matchups here. So that's what you're basing your picks off. So L. Here we go a hundred meter dash. I have Fat Albert. You have Donnie from Wolfe mystery Fat Albert. Where's Donnie? Not even close. It's Fat Albert bipedal that I'm not a lot could be that's a layup but that's by the way out. Okay enough long jump. I have Fat Bastard, Nick you have I have Bob pin. Ciotti, okay. I'm going to go Fat Bastard. He's literally has proven it. Okay, not a great use of not a great stuff, but it's not a shot put Norm Peterson from cheers Nick. You have white Goodman from the closing credits of Knoxville. I'm gonna give this one to White Goodman. I like that pick. I like he has a candy showing off. I do like the norm pick about I think like them and showed in the past. Okay and pole vault you have ham Porter Porter and I have do I even need to say it Russell? I have Russell. Surprise pic. Oh Hamilton's my favorite character. I love him so much as a character. Russell so aerodynamic got the balloons. He's proven don't for it. He's literally built for it. Is he who can say? Yeah a little bit. Is he going to rise up to the occasion and get it done is him going to get easier and ruin it? I don't know. Some people said Crosby was a couple cops doesn't a couple cops pretty good. I don't know if I don't all think I keep tossing in like fictional movie characters, like one of the greatest players of all time. Yeah, that's good. That's a good your parents justifying your pick for Russell from Up your dress. So that's a 3-1 win. I would like to point out that regardless Russell tells picks thus far our own to so ya know you're getting it. Awl to me. This is what this is 1 volt when it comes to fight. So it's 3 2 1 Based on the other events. I probably have to see your team - okay. I think it's cool. I think it's a little bit closer though before by one. Yeah, then some of the other events. Yeah. Yeah Russell. Yeah. I am worried about Russell's composure, but it's okay. I think I think the wheels can fall off but seems to be said for Donnie's what right, right? Good morning. Are you have a lot of space for these events? Because this exist need a white trash. This is going to be really this. This is where two guys could really even each other out because these balloons are going to have to have helium in them. Hmm. Donnie gets his nose and some helium. I don't have balloons, but Donnie's also higher than drafts ass. That's good. That's what I stole from Al. So I'll thank you. Thank you for your service. Happy to be here. Okay, so those two things cancel out, but again rustles - I think both I will say this. I think that this was a little bit of a challenging like prompt out of you guys did pretty well that I like both teams you okay? I think you guys did a nice job with this one. Alright. So like I said, we'll put that up on Instagram for you guys to vote. We got one more topic to cover here though. Yeah big one as I mentioned at the beginning of the podcast. Nick Peterson from Richfield Minnesota is if you know them. This would make a lot of sense to use one of the best ranters and while time if you don't know them, I'm just going to go out and say right before this. He's one of the best ranters of all time. So at least that I've ever met and we've done it a lot had a lot of rain your players. We do a lot. We're at a lot. So we're going to do a little segment and it's going to be called terrible traffic and something that Nick and I do quite often is we're on the road and we see something absolutely obscene on the road that Shouldn't be happening and society today and we call each other and we just tell the story and usually how it works is if I call Nick and I say hey, you should see what this person did. Nick's got at least two or three to come back with and say oh well, guess what? I found out today. Yeah like that. So every day never fails. It also doesn't hurt that I drive on some of the major arteries between cities. So I get a lot of artery you must like out with all the creatures. Yeah lot of exposure. So all right. Right the common intelligence of the general population today. So to keep this short / because we could go for hours. Oh, yeah. Give me your top three just most mind-boggling it needs to stop and whoever's behind that car. Who's who is in that car? Anyway, they just need to be canceled. Give me three your fire. But er done it's fine. Okay. Number one is relatively easy. It is people who How do I phrase this if you're not going to be going at least 10 miles an hour over the speed limit the lieutenant gets judge Merrick. Just yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's easy. Number one easy. I like to cruise about 75 in a 65 and that's just so you're just saying like the left lane is clearly your drive from the cities to Duluth. You left lane is clearly. You're going a little overboard. And there is a law for that that's not enforced. Let that be known as well. It's true. It is true. Hmm. Number two. Next one is if you are in the right lane and there's an emerging situation get the fuck over the Middle Lane. Don't be some people I just they just don't get it. Do you can see the Nick is explaining this you can see like all actually frustrated. He is steaming definitely like it's not even happening to you right now and you're like visibly upset. So are you so you're saying that if I'm if I'm merging from an on-ramp the car that is matching my speed. Yes, they need to get over if they can now is there any is there any thing on the gut guy or gal? That's emerging if there is no one to the left of you in the Middle Lane. You better be getting over. Yeah, but do you think that the person was on the on-ramp should be the only one that's happening there breaks to find a spot or gassing up the person that's on the highway. Probably just continue their same speed right that would put it on the people on the on-ramp. Yes, okay, but through the flip side of that. We just as a society have a problem with smog. Yeah. And what's what is it gauge or what's the Gap? What's he on ramps older your know she'll want to go it's not I can't think of it. Well, this is a perfect segue into my number three options and it's the people on the on-ramp. Who decided that they can merge at 35 successful? Yeah, okay. So this kind of ties into twos or this is great because I know you have more. Oh, yeah, I could go. So that's that's too so just just on wraps and Jen on ramps in general and merging need to be better to clean it up. And number three is going to be a combination of I'm going to be taking a shot at the city of Richfield here shout-out Richfield Richfield in a 5 lakhs fan. You can't have four roundabouts. If one of them backs up, they're all about the same literally from 66th Street the 70th Street, which is 5 lakhs. Yeah, whatever. That's fine. Let it be known there's for roundabouts that exist today. Yes in Richfield and it's not that cool. And what do you think? What do you think it is about people that just don't understand around about they don't understand that the let the inside line of the roundabout is for straight and left turns and the right like it's clearly says on the side, right? Yeah. They're very welcome. I'll give him that regardless of if the signs are in the middle of the sidewalk, which they are. Yeah, you can't go if you have to like make it effort to get around them like yeah biking you're like on a motorized wheelchair or something like you have to like go around them or in the street. Mmm. And then the right lane of the roundabout is for right turns and also straight. Mhm, and it's happens to me every single day. I'm in the inside Lane because I'm turning left and someone wants to change lanes and I know they're out of oh, yeah, so which I'm shocked that I still have a horn in my car and that is not blown out yet. Would you agree that the horn in a vehicle is the in terms of safety is the one of the best inventions of all time in terms of just pure execution is terrible execution if the use of it, it's abused. Yes. I was just in Chicago and it's like if you don't Go if you're at a red light and it turns green. You have one second. Oh, do I start moving before there's seven cars behind you that are just laying on the horn do - awesome. I was just in when I was in Florida. This happened like all the time and I was just like this is stressing me out people here like dicks. Yeah, it's crazy to me how quickly it again. It's just like how it is and everybody used to it. It clearly doesn't bother them right but it's like man, it's even a Minnesota though. I love it when if you're driving an Uber or or you just see something happen and then you hear a horn. It's a good 5 to 10 seconds after and it's like it is it really worth it at this point. You think that car even know? Knows that you're talking you're like talk. So I'm going after Hamilton all raised the question of is it acceptable? If you are not in a situation where you are either honking or being haunted at is it acceptable to them on your horn to confuse people do not look like what I do it all the time. Wait just to like mess with people. Yeah all the time. So you're becoming the person that you hate. You're right in the best way that I could got don't get me. What's your goal? All right, last one. What is your like that one more after this? But God, huh last one for me. Okay. What is your go-to move? Like when someone does something on the road? Is it a honk the horn? Are you Freedom rocket or you double Freedom Rockets? Like what are you going with on the road? Are you dialing? My number is wrong you like. What is your first like for? What do you what's your go-to move? Yeah. I think it's situational. Hmm. If I'm on the highway not in the winter. I'm six inches from their bathroom right up in there right away. Yeah. Okay like that on the highway. This from my window down one, right? Yeah, let him see it dude 11:00 to 1:00. Always there. I used to be like a Big Lick foot off guy in the car and I've stopped doing that and now I've just resorted to like I give people the thumbs down but it's so funny because it's like it's not like bad. I'm gonna be pissed at me about that but humbling to you. So I do like you're doing a bad job at dry. What does thumbs down if I get if I get a if somebody flips me off, I'm like they're Is that me if I saw a thumbs down and be like I really did mess that one up Nick. I have one more before we end this. So we talked about the horn being probably the most like one of the safest inventions, but also very abuse. Yeah. Another thing that we talked about a lot is your driving up on a car and a specific car and it's clearly doing something that is just like mind-boggling right Andrews. Sorry. Okay, that's to the end of the question. Right and a lot of the times you talk like people look like their dogs or their dogs look like their owners. people who drive certain cars looks like they should be driving that car. So you're driving Duluth on April 4th, April 3rd. Likely. Yes and your own 35-yard around Hinckley. You see a Subaru Outback. What kind of person you see in there? Who's driving that car this to go? A lot of different ways I think but the safest bet is probably going to be like hiking shoes skinny jeans that are cuffed at the bottom flange at least a two-inch cuffs large buff. This is you're so right. You're so right. I'm not done yet. They're definitely wearing a flannel with a vest the definitely have one of those little stuffy five-panel hats on probably like what sort of like corduroy and they for sure either go man bun ridiculously long hair and they for sure have a full beard depending on what they identify as how many bumper stickers. No one over under seven. I'd put my career earnings on there are some other I like the 14.1 or never actually did a half marathon. Yeah. All right. Well that'll conclude traffic or terrible traffic with Nick Peterson is a good sign. You know what the other thing too is. We just finished kind of like Winter yeah, we're not likely going to get snow. But thank you Andrew. Thank you, but that's that's just Prime Time Nick Peterson calls of terrible traffic. Yeah, so well, if you guys didn't listen to the first half we did a draft so the draft in there if you wanna vote on Instagram listen to it. It's who's pick is it anyway it's available on Spotify Apple podcast. If you use any other source, good luck. It's there but I don't think too many people use it. So yeah, Nick. Thanks for coming on Al. Thanks for mediating. Your welcome. Thank you for having me. It's been a pleasure. Maybe we can get me: and weekly, yes, just just just it's it's evening time to have a safe drive home. I remember people are going home to their families. Okay? All right. Thank you gentlemen. way