Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy is jumping around in the hotel Fountain and his suit something like that. Maybe somewhere crazy. I'm just kidding. We don't even know what movie you're talking about, which is a surprise. I can't remember which movie it was. So honestly if I was going to die tomorrow, I would hopefully be able to use that time to say goodbye to the people I love and at least on my side of life. I like to write and I'd probably spend a good amount of it writing something hopefully impactful to people and how different is that from how you're living today? Well, I don't do that right now. I'm not writing for my friends and family in any kind of meaningful way. I spend a lot of time playing on Xbox and a lot of time chasing pointless Adventures, you know getting new food that kind of thing. So it's definitely not something I'm doing on a daily basis and I'm like could be a problem. I guess. Yeah. I think that's something that we're all guilty of and really that's our biggest motivation for making this podcast. Honestly, I I feel like every one of us could probably identify meaningful things that we would hope to accomplish before dying. But that eventuality is just so far removed from our daily mindset. Yep. There's no guarantee that we won't be dead by tomorrow. Alright, so this is a yellow podcast, right? Well not exactly see even though tomorrow isn't a guarantee for many of us. We most likely won't die tomorrow, but that honestly makes today even more important if you really were going to literally Die Tomorrow. There's probably not a ton of Meaningful things you could do today. This is more of something that you can do on a daily basis that would help you versus something that you only live once and are going to definitely die tomorrow. So have all the fun you can okay? Yeah. I got you. So we are going to die some tomorrow, but probably not March first 2020. So keeping both things in mind is The Sweet Spot exactly. That's kind of the goal is you know, man. Tow more the remembered that you're going to die. That's kind of what we're going for here. But in a more stoic fashion, I guess you could say we're looking at Living a good life. Not necessarily a pleasurable life. Do you want to go ahead and introduce yourself to the listeners? Absolutely as awkward as it still is for me. I'll try and give it my best shot. Currently. I'm a not so starving author who also does freelance marketing and Consulting when I can convince people. It's valuable outside of that. I spend most of my time building workout plans trying to find the next greatest donut and reading way too many books. I've also got some fire dance moves when the DJ drops a good song with that out of the way. What's your story Daniel? Let me get one thing out of the way for the listeners Andrew and I are actually childhood friends tennis doubles Partners overall scheming buddies. India is actually been gracious enough to be my Fall Guy for the past 15 years. Yeah, there was a lot of people who thought I did a lot of things you did all the way through high school and even in college some you weren't even in the same city. Sometimes I got blamed for stuff. Yeah. We're those residuals were great really paid dividends. So as far as career, I am a senior consultant for a healthcare navigation Company by day and then some weird combination of a sports bro and huge nerd the rest of the time. I've been married the past four years and have lived in Dallas for the past seven. Yes. I forgot to mention that I'm in Amarillo so lets you know put that in there as well. So now we've got that covered on where we're from what makes you qualified to give life advice on a podcast inside. As being some random Millennial white guy with the mustache. Yeah, besides that I hear that doesn't fly anymore. I'm actually not that qualified and that's kind of the point. I haven't really done anything amazing. I'm a college graduate. I'm working a pretty normal job and the corporate world. I'm trying to be a decent employee trying to be a good friend. I'm trying to be a good husband in. I hope that that describes a lot of people out there. In the reason why I want to share some advice is that I feel like where I'm at right now. I'm content where I am, but I haven't hit that point of being complacent if I knew that I was dying tomorrow. I could honestly believe this world happy. But if my life look the exact same 20 years from now as it does right now, I'd be a totally different story. So over the past couple of years I've seen so many people that either got completely complacent. They stopped progressing or They got too obsessed with success and they've never enjoyed a second of their lives. So I'm trying to help out both groups of people. Are you saying you've reached Enlightenment? How did that happen? Well, not quite or maybe I don't know maybe some lesser form of it. But as far as how it happens get the Oscar music ready because there is a long list of people to thank I want to first thank my parents various mentors throughout school and work reading more books than I can count. Just kidding really about the drama not about all of those sources. Those are all 100% true. But another really important part of that is figuring out ways to process those sources of information. So journaling has been a really big one grabbing coffee and talking to friends like you Andrew. I'm a Big external processor but enough about me who gave you the right to tell other people how to live their lives glad you put both of the parents in there. I was watching one of those Awards speeches and everyone only think their mother either there's a lot of deadbeat dads out there or the poor guys are getting zero credit for helping raise their Hollywood Superstars. Also along with that Keanu Reeves was at that Awards and he was the only person who actually brought his mother so on. On top of that everybody else is a liar, but just an aside so to the hot seat question and to answer what you asked. I've also read a lot. There's been a lot of books in my life. And a lot of them are, you know, self-development self-help books and I've retained a lot of them that information that said, I've also been really lucky and had a lot of successful and qualified people take an interest in me and bring me under their wing and I've gotten a lot of advice and good. And just good examples from those kind of people that have surrounded me all of their advice paired with a number of years helping run a start-up and an incredible amount of failures on my part helped shape me into a pretty useful resource for people. So I guess the short answer is I'm incredibly blessed with being surrounded by a lot of better people. I'm also a great listener and I've been even better at learning from all of them. I've always heard you should let other people tell you that you're a good listener. You're probably correct on that, but you asked. All right, and speaking of superstars. I've got to give a shout out to Kobe. The guy was a huge inspiration for some of the mindsets that we want to cover here. I don't know if a lot of people know this but Kobe actually wore the number 24 partially because he wanted to remind himself every day that each 24 hours is a new day. And that day is the most important day. What's crazy. Is that between our first draft of this episode in December and now we've obviously Tragically lost Kobe and the world is a lot worse for it. But his mindset has proved 100% true. And so we're just trying to do our part to help others have that same Focus. Yeah, it's pretty wild that, you know, we're over here talking about mortality and somebody that I wouldn't have expected dying died on us like that and you know not he was young. It was not something that should have happened and he was somebody that was really hustling but he Left a good Legacy, so I wouldn't say it a good death, but he definitely had an impact on the world. Right and it's that's that's so true as tragic as that was for Kobe. I really believe that he got the most out of each and every day he was able to accomplish so much more because he knew he knew that it was coming. He knew this was coming some point and you know, he didn't waste any time going after dreams going after goals, you know, really hustling every day and I had I love that much. I didn't know that about the 24 because you know, I don't watch much basketball even I know I know but that's a really cool idea. I hear that a lot in the business world, you know, we're all gifted with the same 24 hours and the only difference is what we do with it. And that's kind of what we're going for here. So Daniel before we wrap this episode up, what would you do differently if you knew you were going to die tomorrow? Well, hopefully nothing differently that's kind of the whole point. But no realistically I think I would take the time to spend with loved ones to say some things that I have in my mind that I don't express. I'm really bad at sharing emotions. It's actually really funny my Sarah Beth and Iowa's talk about how whenever our family gets together. As soon as we leave everybody sins all these emotional text messages about how much they appreciate each other appreciate each other. It's like what why didn't we just say that when we were together. So I think if tomorrow is my last day, I'd really have a bigger focus on the people that have made my life great so far and just make sure that they know it. That's a pretty great answer. I like it. Well our challenge to you guys listening is take some time this week or this weekend if that's easier for you and look at your life. Look at how you're living and where your mindset is taking you and figure out would you have any regrets if you died tomorrow and if you do what can you do to change it? Thanks for listening today and tune in next time we'll be talking about commitment. It'll be a three part series and specifically our next episode will be about personal commitment and what that is and how to do it. This was episode 1 of dead by tomorrow hosted by Android Daniel. Thank you for listening and we look forward to connecting with you soon.