Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to happen. And now it's finally happened. I'm very happy Universal alignment. Yes. Yes when the universe speaks everything aligns and I hope the universe He's going to tell you to tell me a good story today. Let's help. What is it. Now? I'm hoping you've listened to the other episodes Absolutely and you understand the format right next to you. You've got two names. They're both African names and you have to pick one. And the name that you pick is the name of the guy that you were involved with because remember we try and keep everything Anonymous here. So what name have you picked drumroll and tell? The origins and the meaning. Okay. Shamala, Jamal has how you pronounce it? It's African. It says yeah Beaker of things breaker of the breaker of hey Reagan. Oh, man. What's that name again? She more li-chee mola. Okay. I'm not sure where that is from exactly how it had a know that sounds West African, but what I'm intrigued by is the fact that it means break off things of things Parts included. Hmm. It is what it is. Good Nola was it guy break off hearts I think we all are hmm in some capacity. We all break people's hearts with the we choose to or not. So the episode you're going to talk about now is that you who broke his heart or he broke yours? I think we both walked away heartbroken. Jeez, and you just understand it from your perception. So, of course, it'll be easy for me to say you broke my heart, but we were in it together. So let's say the same thing. Yeah. Absolutely. I'm not a lot of innocent in the whole thing. I'm a God, but I'm not in this Okay. No, I've picked up a name for you. Okay, because obviously I'm I need to keep your name Anonymous and that I've picked up a Nigerian name that goes chiama shioma. Yeah, which means God is good. That's actually a very common name. I've actually got two names. I mean I got two friends that are kochiyama. Yeah, so God is good. Right. So I'm going to be able to call each year on my he just need to remember to call your dude in my lychee money. Right. I'm quite looking forward to this and I think I'm going to dive straight into it. Well, one of the things that's obviously important is to pick up a lesson or lessons from your experience. Now does do you have a lesson or you have lessons handiness many lessons would give me the top three lessons that you learned from your experience. You cannot love somebody else unless you love yourself. Hmm. You can't self-discovery self-awareness. It's just not possible. Yeah, family relationship bonds are very important. The way the person relates to their family is going to be the way that they relate to you to an extent. Okay, so you have to be aware of that and also believing in yourself is very very important. Yeah, you have to believe in yourself because if you don't believe in yourself, you'll be leaving others. That's we things spiral. So top three lessons one be aware of yourself know yourself. Yeah to understand that family relations of the person are related to and business you're dealing with and the third one. Is what you're paying attention? Yes, you cannot love another unless you can love yourself. So take me straight in. How did you guys meet? It was a beautiful fairy tale. We missed the pub you met in the pub after drinking before the drinks before the drink. So really it's just Hmm and she's like, okay cool. I'll get the number for you. And now she knew Marla. Okay, she knew him right so she got the number and she gave me the number and then they ended up giving us a lift home and he was just really offish and sarcastic and okay, but I liked it. Why did you like I came up with a rush? Yeah. And then we arranged to meet up and then I went for a drink at a hotel with him. Okay, and as I arrived the I find his brother, so my friend had actually given me the brothers number. I don't know if she was eyeing him or whatever, but she given me the brothers number and I am very free. Okay, so I was just being me I I believe that as adults is no topics that are out of bounds. I don't Leave follow time frames. I don't understand the imaginary Dating Rules. So I just do me and I found the brother and I was like, oh shit all those risque memes and I've been sharing and the first thing I said, I was like hi. How are you? So, where's your brother? Yeah. He's like, what do you mean? No, I'm really sorry, but I honestly thought I was texting you Bruce. Ski, so he's like no, it's cool. Use really chills. Like no, it's cool. It's have a drink again. I'll be sure to pass the number on our like that is weird very strange. So I can't control my feelings like yellow plaid like why would you do that for and she's like I just for a laugh that is nuts. Okay, I mean, but did you end the brother get on? Yes this yeah we attracted to him is you attracted to you know, he didn't he liked that his inner circle. He's a sarcastic enough. Haven't had a Cantina for me good so no. No, it's like okay, cool. Okay, so we the in linked up and we'd hang out quite a bit it see me on the way to work in the morning and you come back from work and we'd be together and till later which will the phone for ages. It was lovely. Hmm. And then I guess we were going out we never had that conversation. I guess you're not real. Not had anybody here who's told me that we had that conversation to say. Oh, you know you my boo, you know, you're my girl. You're my you're my boy. It just doesn't happen anymore. That's the problem. That's how you end up in all these situations ships because we're not having these conversations that we need to have, you know, and the mm cool. So we were spending a lot of time together. Yeah, it was wonderful and then he was seeing somebody at the time who was overseas. Did you know this he told me this is like when I was really feeling him and stuff. So he told you that I'm feeling someone and you like at school. Actually, you played the Erykah Badu song. Next lifetime. Meaning that what you might believe in the next life. Yeah. So let's live the next life now well, for me initially it did and then when he explained it that they weren't, you know guys have a lovely way of spinning the stuff so he was able to appeal to my Competitiveness that I had at the time so you're quite competitive you fit you felt. Okay, I could outdo this other woman I felt it was normal. Okay was normal to be competitive as women now, I know better but I thought it was Norman is like, okay cool be going to battle to the death. And if I win the man boom, you know, yeah, so that's what he was, you know, and he's like, oh, no, you know working on bringing out here but attitude shows really shoulda known other stuff it okay cool, whatever, okay. So we are thing. All right, so he's told you that he's with someone and you're like, okay, I'm going to get into competition mode. I'm going to be the woman. Yeah. I'm a guitar on top. Naturally. No pun intended. Yeah, and you know, it felt like it worked out really well. Mmm, and then we are faced with the situation way. He's had issues with his Visa. Okay. So the Visa he was all you know, uh piece of rules are always changing and stuff. So the bees are you was on wasn't working anymore and They wrote to you and said you need to go need to go. Yeah, so you see it's me. Look the choices. I can go back home which will happily do but I'm enjoying the way we have I be so what do you think? I was like, dude? It's a no-brainer. Let's just walk down the aisle. We just took down the aisle real quick. If it doesn't work out two years time will divorce and call it quits and he was like no, it's not an option. I'm gonna go home. That's that. Okay fair enough. We ended up getting married. I love you. Okay, of course for me. It was really logical like to tap into that a little bit. So he's he's he's like no look it's not the right thing to do it this way. I'm going to go back home. Yeah, but then you end up walking down the aisle. Yeah. He proposed to me on my birthday. He proposed. Yeah, absolutely. Did he okey now what changed his mind I think because because the suggestion came from me at that moment in time. He probably felt Like we shouldn't go down that route and he wanted to do it in his own way. Okay is any maybe you wanted it to feel more authentic? Maybe it was authentic at the time. So cool. He wants me. That's what I kept thinking. He wants me. So so he proposed to you on your birthday. And then The Logical next step is to obviously walk down the aisle. Did you get any points think okay. He's doing this just because his papers are running out. I didn't care because he was initially I'm quite logically. Some aspects. So for me it was like look, I'm really enjoying this ride that we on. Yeah, if this is what you need to be in a place where we can continue enjoying it, then it's do that. I don't mind doing that. I lose nothing, you know, if it doesn't work out then we'll learn the lessons. We need to learn I will keep it moving. Okay, if it works out fantastic, but it wasn't as big a deal for me. Just because also I think the way that I view relationships in the way I view because interacting with people not thing supposed to be forever. So it was okay for me. That's fine. Everybody else is losing their minds. Why would you do that? You know, it was a people knew that you were doing this. Well, we're with his situation the way it was my ingredients are so it was no secret. No. No, I wasn't gonna lie about it. And and for him, did he keep it a secret that he tell his people as far as everybody knew he was in love. Wow. It was wonderful, okay. It's fine. All right, so proposal that happens on your birthday and then you guys walk down the aisle. Yes. It was one of those shotgun weddings. I'm sure I'm sure some of the listeners will know what so what is the you know, I really like okay cool. This is really a paper sting. So let's do it real quick bang bang bang bang. My mom cooked the thing we had like a hundred people would cook for everybody has stepped it like five or up at 6:00 was hectic, you know, but it was done and I was chaff because it meant that we could continue on this journey. Yeah, I didn't care. For anybody else's rules about what it should look like there wasn't an issue for me. Yeah, and it was fine initially. And then we bought a house and it was fine still and then we had a child and everything changed. What changed well. I changed for a start because now I've got somebody I need to look after ya somebody I need to feed and for so my Outlook on fun times is not going to the club and coming back at like 5:00 in the morning know, you know priorities have changed for me and I assumed naively so that it would be an automatic thing that we would be on the same page. We're not a family you can go out once in a while, but not every weekend, you know. And let's do this family thing, but that Clash was what he wanted and what he wanted was the freedom to be whoever you wanted to be and do whatever he wanted without having to answer to me. Later on. I came to understand that there was a massive cultural difference. The understanding of roles gender roles were completely different and that was the Catalyst for so many things that happened after. So your firstborn did you guys plan to have you so she guess I should plan to have the tile and have kids you don't I didn't want to have children. No, I wanted to travel the world and and and be a free spirit and do one of these birds. Do you know and I remember one point before we even had the child. I sent him to die wouldn't move to London. Well the baby mmm. I need to move to London. Well I said, honey. Lights camera action is calling my name down there. You're not realize listed and he's like nah, you know, I just moved here with my family and I'm not gonna do that. So if you want to go you can go but I'm not and for me that put me in a place of okay, I want the camera action and lights but I also want this to bility there comes here. Hmm now just to rewind give you a little bit on my own background. I came from a single parent situation. Yeah, so when it fell Like it was Secure I didn't want to destabilize that yeah, so if it meant doing whatever he wanted me to do you do it I'll do it because it keeps the unit stable. Yeah, it's nice. It feels good to be wanted which is why I said earlier you wanted me, you know, it feels good to be wanted a feels good to be needed and to to cater to somebody so they didn't think twice about it. It's like cool. So babies here and things are starting to change. This guy wants the life of the party and you thinking this is the wrong time and place for that sort of thing. Has he always been a guy who's the life of the party? Absolutely. So there's nothing different there. Nope. Okay, so we a little disappointed when did but when he wasn't changing absolutely, but what did you expect because that's who he is. Yes, but I was also free and footloose and living my best life before the child and with the child came the changes now, I didn't understand that for me. The changes were more biological so I couldn't I couldn't this was nothing I could do to stop it. Yeah because of who I am and how I want to be as well with my kids and all of this stuff. So it was really disappointing that he wasn't on board with me and he was really disappointed because I wasn't on board like why do you want me to change it? Say you knew who I was when we got together. I'm going yeah, but got a child. It's like so I'm still the same person. What do you mean you've changed and I'm going no you haven't you've got a family. What do you mean and it was just a downward spiral So eventually we in she was maybe seven months. Mmm. I was like, okay, this is not working. So I just started speaking to somebody else on Facebook. Whoa, come on now. Oh, yeah I did and that's largely because I felt very alone. Mmm at times. I feel very overwhelmed another home all the time. So it was he out work friends partying. So he's life continued and then when he felt like it he you know you doing here. Yeah, you'd be there like, okay cool. I'm here. We'd say things like well I'm sleeping at home. So what's your problem? And when you are in a place of not loving yourself, you'll take whatever love is on the table. And this is what you said right at the beginning, you know, love yourself. Absolutely. So it's like okay. This is the Love on the table. It's fine, you know guys mature later. Mmm, it's fine, you know, and we would tend to justify destructive behavior and we justify trauma because that's what bonded us our trauma. You know, it's taken me a long time to understand that part. Sometimes we attracted to people not because of who they Whatever, but because you got trauma bonds. So one of your lessons there's that understand the person's family. Yes. What was his family? Like they seem lovely. Yeah for the most part except like can I speak freely? Yeah Okay cool. So we'd go to parties. Now. This is the issue with colorism like people make assumptions based on your skin tone. So we'd go to family do is in family outings, and we'd be really efficient. with me Sometimes we could like what you should know how to speak the language by now. I can't you you know, and what's so special about you and you eventually when you hang around people long enough, you do understand the language. Yeah, so they'd be sitting and talking shit them right there and it's like oh, okay, but for me, it was like a wife indoors and sometimes he's families rough and it's okay because I've got my family didn't you know, it's fine. It's fine. You don't rock the boat, you know, this is a safe place. You want to keep that? Safe and steady as possible. Keep it going you're not I mean, let's give it and now that is a child is like no, I don't want to do the same thing to my child that I had to grow up with. So I'm going to stick through it. It's going to be okay, but I wasn't so I started talking to somebody else and he made me feel wonderful. She saw me and I felt like he saw me, you know, check on me and I felt lovely so things continue to spiral and of course emotionally I checked out now. Yeah, and eventually he was like look, this is not working. You need to move. Like you need to yeah, and I said why should I know you move it? So no, but you're not working. That's something else. You didn't want me to go back into work after I had my daughter. It's like know A Woman's Place is at home. Can I ask a question sure was this game emotionally abusive? Yes, very Finney was it like that from the onset. No, but now it doesn't feel like it but now I know the arrogance in the South cut the sarcasm - yeah, it was the light from the Star diversity because just couldn't see it because using something else you as you've seen just how handsome he was and I would like to view it but that but you like that though I did why background the way across of childhood trauma, so you grow up seeing certain behaviors and you think that those behaviors are fine. I understand it now. Okay, you think that okay, that's fine. That's just the way people interact. You know, that's just how you do things SD. We don't realize and half the time we don't even catch this until like 60s, you know life is gone, you know, and you know in this old age, I'm going damn it. Yeah, if only I'd realized because we didn't we pick up the same kind of people. Yeah, we keep on reliving the same kind of trauma over and over and over again, so he decided it now. There's not working you need to move so I moved out. You know now guys I know I didn't enter into the conversation. Why did you say yes to that? I didn't want to fast. Okay again, you just don't want to rock the boat. You're really about stability and you absolutely He said okay cool. If it means that we all get into a better place almost. Okay, so I took my daughter and we moved out and he'd visit and he only took it out. This is something else as well that I need to sort of side note a group of a sheltered life. They shouted very Church very and to a point even now even though now I still I've got a bit more life experience, but I still have this issue with being a bit naive sometimes. Yeah, so Certain things to me would be like smells really Charles. It's like my little path, you know, so he'd come over and spend time with my daughter and he'd be eating an income three four times in the week and he chilling kick back and cook and happy families and then you jump in the car and go to the house that we bought together and I'm staying in this mold moldy house, but it's unbelievable. It's life. Yeah So eventually it just got too much enjoyed moving into my mom and then I moved out to a different. He's and then I had this moment like why the hell am I going and living in all these different places? Yeah goddamn house. Yeah screw it. I'm moving back and I had a bright idea. Like now I want to have another child. So it makes sense to have another child with him. It seemed to make sense at the time. Yeah in my mind, you know because you know, I don't want people to talk don't want them to look at me funny. If I've got all these kids, you know by all these men, you know, so he agreed like yeah. Ok, cool. The funny thing is when I moved back he was like look, we're not together. You made that clear. Yeah, we're not together. We're sharing a house, but we're not together understand. I was like, yeah, okay. And then he's like, okay cool. We'll have another child. But listen, we're not together. Okay, because I don't want to have kids by the people either so but we are not together. Okay, cool. He was drilling that in. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, and then somewhere along the line. I started thinking. Oh, maybe maybe you'll see me. Yeah, you know, maybe maybe you'll realize that I'm actually kind of cool, you know, maybe you'll see that not realizing that by coming back all it does all that did was high five teams of my gosh dad wants me so that carried on for about four years. Just we're not together should be the number two comes in baby. Number two, baby number three. Oh my yeah, baby number three and then that's when I realized OK shit. Because you keep on I'd be like dude like what are you doing? Lola baby? What are you doing? And he's like, look, I'm at a Crossroads. Okay, there's the infamous or they don't think I'll ever forget those. I need to write them down. I don't know what I want right now. So if you just keep on being a good wife, it will be easier for me to decide. I'll be a good wife. Okay be a good wife is a good wife a good wife. This is your Mantra. I'll be a good wife. He'll see me and this table here. You see just how good I am. Yeah, you don't see me and then eventually it was like no, you ain't gon see shit. Let me the penny drop. Okay, so You asked if he is if he is hopeful he's reformed emotionally abusive. He was financially abusive as well. So at the time I didn't have any money coming in at all. So he would be in control of everything down to buying pads. And he would scrutinize because he's like, okay you do online shopping. Here's the money and then he'd come back and he'd scrutinize my sweet and he be like, why did you buy this and that in this we don't need that. You know, what's that about home? Sorry and eventually, okay. What actually happened was? He had been provoking me for a while. Yeah, now I'm one of those people who's chill chill children, you know, they explode. Yeah, so he'd been provoking and provoking and provoking and he was really good because he'd use his words wouldn't touch me but he'd use his words and he'd poke and prod and poke and prod him then eventually I would react in some you see you see your problem, you know being a good wife. Why would you like see what you may be doing very abusive? You know, what a mindfuck Madness I mean, excuse my French, but So it was like what this that that's what this feels like complete. So I was in the kitchen holding my phone. He called Baby the last one and he had been saying some shit and of course at this point, I was like, I'm sick of this. So I was giving me back like, you know, what? Yeah. Let me tell you some shit about yourself and your abandonment issues like no-holds-barred. Let's go, you know, and I just had enough so I pushed him. Had enough and he turned and he looked at me and he's like tour I'm tall but he's told us was he pushed you physically pushed him. I was counting the baby and I push because he was in my face. Yes, I pushed him like, you know get on my feet out of my space. Yeah, so he told him and he kissed me now. This man had not touched me ever since we made the baby didn't touch me because he's like, oh you're disgusting. You're fat like you he said the one time? Yeah, so he looked at me and something snapped in him. And I just saw how it was almost like slow motion bearing in mind. I'm getting a four week old baby. His hands went up slowly and he gripped my neck, and he squeezed and he pushed me and he pushed me into the cupboards so I couldn't go anyway, and he squeezed and the thing that only ever lose Liv leave my mind as I'm trying to breathe I can feel my eyes are going mad. He smoked. geez That's deep. That's what I you. I'm going to die. That is messed up its life. So I called my mom and she called his family and everybody came in. He lied. He lied. He said that the only lied but it's like, you know, she lies and she provoked me and she's this and she's had enough. Okay, but why do you go out all the time dude just lies lies and then it took me like six months to finally be like, you know, what? I'm filing for divorce. So while we were still in the same house because at that point I said to him I'm out. We need to sell the house because he's like, I'm not moving if you want to go you go. So this is like nine years down the line. I do really moved around and I was like no screw you mmm. We selling this bitch. So just watch the run that we've actually picked up that he was emotionally abusive and then something snapped and there was an element of physical abuse starting to creep up in there. That's where it started and stopped because from the I avoided him I voted talking. I avoided anything that could potentially explode. That's when I knew okay. It's time to go. Hmm filed for the papers papers covid and this is what's the main thing about him about moolah baby. He's very reaction based orientated. So when the divorce papers came through he didn't say anything. He didn't fight a fold out the papers you sent them through because now the government's involved. So he's really child. He said the papers until after he's like, yeah. Well, what do you think you are? To divorce me. Nobody will want you. He said you and your three kids was gonna want you. It's only me. I believe them. For real with this breed of kids and nobody go and check for me. So if you actually eventually the household and the postman through my moved I was like, you know what? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for and I genuinely feel grateful for the process. For the lessons for the journey because I will have my kids I'm gonna drive me nuts. Yeah, but I wouldn't be where I am within myself right now. Yeah, if it had not been for that situation because that way on for like 10 years. Did you know you really spoken about something that's really solid here. And I think now is a really good time just to ask what that has done for you as a person. I love me. Yeah. I love me. Of course. The complication now is that I've got kids so I can't go in chase the shiny lights, even though one. You know, I really want to go chase those lives. They sure look good, but I'm more and more confident and now I know that love in its Essence doesn't hurt other people. Yes, the journey can be hurtful because we are very different people. We've got a very different life experiences, but love itself. It's not it doesn't hurt, you know. Sarcasm and arrogance is usually a mask for fear for traumas that we're not addressing. Yeah, so that is not something to run towards some the to run away from yeah, you get away from this real quick, you know what I mean? Because all of that is masking some other deeper Jewish it that you know, if you want to unpack by all means go but don't put your heart in it while you're trying to encourage is going to get broken. Remember what this guy's name is and what it means breaking off things. Absolutely. If you like you broke you but by breaking evenly something that's even more beautiful didn't absolutely and you know what I can't even say that he broke me. Hmm. I think that it was a necessary process and to an extent I broke myself. Out of myself. Does that make sense? You know, I needed to be in that place to understand that coming from a single-parent household is not the end of the damn world and just because everybody else has got shit to say about single parent households doesn't mean that it's true. You know what I mean? It doesn't mean that you will less worthy of Love of respect of you know, being seen all of this stuff now I get it like, okay. I finally understand what it means. Now I can love another I can I can genuinely say I love another because I love who I am and I understand that. I don't need anyone to complete me because I'm complete now. Anybody who comes into my life is going to compliment me and I will complement the him and will flourish. That is beautiful not I mean, yeah, it took a long time. Yeah, so I always find it really funny whenever you know anybody asked me. So how long were you married? I'll say 10 years because that's what it was on paper. But realistically we spent like five six years separated so really it was only made in for like two or three. Yeah. Wow, you don't even though I was bound to the person in the Equator, so When you see it's complicated on places like Facebook ID field complicated or maybe you know what I mean, like don't don't shame that person or whatever. Like I ain't dealing with some shit. I've seen a lot of those it's complicated things and looking from the outside sometimes just say, oh that person is attention-seeking. It can't be that bad. But and also if you see us out like if you saw an option about you think we fine because you'd be laughing and joking in, you know, I be all lovey-dovey and Look cold. Like yeah, they the couple wonderful, but in reality not so much. I'm grateful. I am genuinely grateful for it. You really do sound like you're in a good place right now. I feel wonderful, you know what after actually have to try and see how it works after a really long time. I hadn't been able to write because I like writing. Yeah. And once the dust had settled, you know, I picked up a pen and suddenly it will just beautiful Melodies and and and the sceneries and everything just sort of flooded and I was like, wow she is like she vanished for a bit. But hi she exists and while she's got all the stuff to say and you know now it's like finding time and finding a way to try and navigate life now, but still being free, which Be trying hmm But it's wonderful because now everything and coming from being a creative person to coming from a creative space. Yeah, it's often bees low points for like to call them low points there. Bring forth the most beautiful flowers that is true. You know, like two bucks hit the you know, the rising concrete that you don't even know what the background stories but you're looking you're going wow that it looks amazing. She looks amazing and it's often because you've had to deal with some shit to get you where you need to be. Well, I'm always grateful for him actually not like a year afterward was as if he bought our house and I went over to congratulate him as like a well done to congrats. You know, I'm genuinely happy that you're doing this. How's your business doing? You know, how is everything for you? Because I genuinely I want good for him. I want him to to be happy. You know and I want me to be happy and I know that the road to happiness. Yeah, it doesn't come from anybody else. No. No, it's all internal. So now, you know just putting out there, you know you for Prince Charles absolutely brilliant. Just a zombie this up to anybody is listening to this particular episode. It's by far being the most emotional that I've been so far. I have a beautiful rose in front of me that has made it out of that concrete and is absolutely blossoming the three important lessons that she brought out today was one you need to understand who you are from the onset. And when you do have an idea of who you are get a feeling of the people that you're interacting with the family that the involved in what are they like because what they have surrounding them is a likely going to influence what they're going to be like when they surrounding themselves around you and the most important of all the lessons that is come out. Today is Learn To Love Yourself sure. My in front of me clearly loves herself and for anybody who's listening to this episode of the podcast. I'm just going to sign off by saying that if you didn't love yourself, it's time that you give yourself some love because that love can only manifest them blossom into a beautiful rose color. Coming out of a concrete pavement even listen to The Filling Station. I'm your host Tinto and we will catch you in the next episode Peace in my feelings. I'm all up in my feelings.