My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing. You gonna show me some glad you say I mean my clinic I need some unhappy by when you say forbidden. I know I got the and Forbidden Love. I'm not gonna lie. I know a guy forbidden fruit. Oh my forbidden in a me gonna do what about what did it for me? Didn't it? He didn't use on social contract. Yeah, maybe shepherding the winner in this idea. Yes, like for example and about balling. I'm a jaywalking Alan McGee walking May social contract China in the ideomotor. Jaywalking better you get the field of thought of Crossing common where someone will we do three two one go. Zion negara anti-animal recurring thoughts not going on. Yeah. I know I about Marin Kanagawa or any sapna go in but I need you to man, you know a see forbidden shot say saying that the Union. And I mean, I'm Village nominee. Who will you gonna policewoman and you know Lahore so what a hoe Cassini Bonafide in a police car small things like higher than that and how many ship now on fire alarm. In case of fire obviously. Yeah, press your destructive button. Now, this is one until it stops murmuring bag. Baltimore, that's so fine. We're gonna go he likes touching things. That should not be touched. I bawled my boy. You may fire extinguisher. You know, I wanna oh, oh, I'm gonna experience the mug but mug mug, press no fire extinguisher human fire extinguish forgot your heart on fire. Hmm. So you know what? I mean? I'm ex-boyfriend go quinoa and I mean invite extinct. Look son, I mean are you getting annoyed younger? One of the things I always best at wanted to try but never did out the fear. It seemed like self but My cell phone having a Pakistani now. I had my first phone when I was in grade 4 62 with antibiotic you and 6210 you enemy and then Napa. Okay, 5210 that was open on is whenever my papa gasps see that during Bhai. Yeah, and there's like a 6. This extent ayako and the guy and 300 the holding a Sony Ericsson. Yeah, Latvian peanut butter cocoa, and they'll know and they'll earn a college joke on my face. You don't want to phone you yeah - oh my God. We Nucky Taco. I know her Patron and happy New Year on girls. - are you hungry baby mamas? I don't say no. Don't stop - you ain't got no none. Not again your Shadow on some a boot established a cool phone shot opinion in pump. Oh boom. Okay when I was younger, I always wanted to turn on my phone, but because I was pre-programmed by some deathly fear. I always turn off my phone whenever I Whenever we would go to a gasoline station, I'm gonna have babies. I hold a no, you know that for sure him a bunch of nobodies. Mmm. So I know the Buddy named boss to someone but now I'm gonna add my motherly about the statistical your man on driver judger sobbing. Yeah. Oh and homemade Bun B cinnamon is pretty beat up. If you know the Lagoon, that's 101. I don't know my fantasy restaurant. Oh, yeah. Southbound but we are even going on but I got there the whole section in library all that in high school section coming teachers. Usually the speaking of the truth. Mmm. You must stay. Evidence a teacher's office. Shout out to the professor's house later this affair with the professor named Eco Professor. Yeah. I don't want a bunch of a fire by the root of all I want too much of a fire. I'm gonna you may find the selling the kitchen of the winter. It's a and maybe in the next life maybe gonna know how someone can be hmm. Not because so many random familiar. So llama llama Mangano protection. Cause I started reading the non but then my mom caught me. So how many but how are we going to sue my psychic in Sanyo? He said, you know, I know I had my books were so controlled before I wasn't allowed to read the VIN on the tow bar. Never mind seemed in same but I found a way in how do I know how to I guess you may control things. Just come by the corner. No. No, I mean I mean visit London Sammy smashing diploma students a Daily Journal nature and church. Neela I could show you. Hmm. God yeah Levi, so Madam and come back at them are our mission our followers, but because of fleabag the show. Hmm. I want to fuck you with a funny British sauce. This is the Irish would happen more a bag hot priest. What the De La Luna mu and social experience and someone another Seminary oppa. I was on and paste. Those are just Boys in uniforms. Good. Oh, actually I don't buy them how to throw then. Yeah, the priests Paradise acting in Sanya friends of he began talks on your heart. Please give me these are whole numbers home alarm and you feeling the permit a saying in Papa. Well, I'm at all Russia began Morgana self-defense. Someone's life is disappearing before your eyes. Never but I'm just gonna my desires are my desires called mostly stock and my curiosity some Telangana more abstract than no then posed by violent and ever had that. I hooked up with smoke over and take some oil nothing the other one security guard. Oh my God. Recess and Argos is the Bursa is an army part of my mom'll content Celadon. Someone Hindi Neelam and security guard you song Going noon. You better get no one knows and no sir. I got home alone. You see bleep? I don't get no one knows Home Alone Lisa glad I know overnights a place in tow bar along with a mango and I'm feeling the NASA prison though the by China attack type of body go and type if you know what I mean the edge like the thrill In fairness. I know you. roller coaster Are you coming out here? Pina is zombie. So maybe Nikki said I'm water gun Simon. That's right on auto salmon bag o 1K. Ohm. Daddy daddy be a sports are in Wonderland sturdy steel and you're not only one another and finally nobody nobody. We don't say it's about me. It's about how this all works habits about that. I'm gonna buncha. I want to say it. I wouldn't do that better. Whoa. How does it feel for your glazing bad that I I think the in the properly not happy at the same time against awesome. And again, they say it does not help the stigmatize adoption. I'm pumped and so what gets no bad. I really need some underground bunker. Spencer we don't bother adopted religion, but I don't think monkey. Yeah very much into Snow White now, you'll see. But shakes off meeting room should be no, you know, I'm an eye on andina mindfulness and the feeling was he keeping the bigger. The rail is a very fun, but I'm saying I'm undecided it's fine not too far up in weird places. And I mean, it's not fun a minor problem. Going to be linear. I can't talk about my homemade and who stole my experience no matter lease at 3:30 even lonely, London. It's fine. It's fine that we were able to talk about this thing sometimes. It helps when you find out they're not the only weirdo in their room at the same time. But Uncle Amon Adonai acknowledge that Maritime a fleeting thoughts together. It doesn't mean going nothing. Shh make shoplifting Paula Akana thing, but it's very specific. I mean couple mixes with dinosaurs and Department Gusto. I love shoes perfection. Glad we got that out and buy some drugs don't go in coma and also mocked up in the order takeout on Jollibee or vice versa. Say yeah. I know or McGraw was a jolly be countered by Christina McFlurry. Apparently I'm appealing an easy push. Uh, yeah, I think I share but what they call that of course. Yes. No, it's a French term. It's like I don't think up and I had to walk with a balcony. I'm sorry something love the beard or call up the voice. Are you interested all of the voyage fan apparel? You know, it's bad but Because it is bad you kind of want to do it anyway, because I had no money and no I give us one is forbidden that you did. All right. Hey, Tina desires plan me forbidden like Your loss I assisted someone who's an abortion. I was expecting shoplifting. Oh, yeah, I did not do it to the person but I was there for her. Hmm because anyone else for sale in the Forbidden desire to be honest. Hmm. Let me get in the design guide. Just something forbidden your cigar somewhere in about meguro. See well, I don't know why I did it. / oh that young time. and ignore kosha aliens have been a boomerang big number by Having something stupid nigga anything out of gas. Boom 11 big Meeker - sure you want no fire extinguisher. See holy and I fucked a married man. Yeah, and I knew he was married. Oh, yeah. So I hope abandoned sewer. Oh sex in public places on yeah that position. They think nothing to beat them in honoring someone the married nothing boy back to our gouda and I'm gonna go that nothing else ever again. Yeah, they get so far in Forbidden by can you buy married my mom forbidden desires. I mean, when did you eat share salmon that no, man. Kilala Morgana Bob. Oh, yeah. Tweet us using the hashtag hashtag good ahola or if my question among Kiona at the Napoli, I'm Samantha. Oh, you know, I'm about to get my own you can use the hashtag hashtag hashtag question my hobbies. But anyway, everything all of our social is at good as others. And how do you spell could answer is yes, KUB Azz ERS. Oh, oh, yeah like to thank our podcast meet them. We would also like to thank our network podcast Network Asia for allowing us to a no, I mean talk about things like these are who studios are located at Wii remote co-working space in artigas. As that was if you want to check out our Affiliates available Salon de Magie banjosa website and podcast network is yeah, this is Natalie. This is Iris. This is huge here and Martin and we are could do you have a topic next to Melissa Jessamine slide into our DM's at Cadiz on both Twitter and Instagram?