Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too. Trimmed and the sports car market and you know mainly basketball that's what we tend to deal with here. And I've noticed a lot of people have been like buying sports cards and I'm not sure if it's because the hole Kobe Bryant tragedy or if it's because Gary Vee has been talking about it a little more lately, but people are reaching out there in the DM's. They're like, hey, I need to know more about this space. Where can I buy Cards? How do I go about getting them? And I tend to forget like that. Those questions are even questions. You know, I'm somebody who's been doing this. For years and to me like buying sport cars it just second nature. Like I know exactly where to go and all the spots. I know all the websites. I know all the tricks and yeah, I just tend to forget that sometimes that's the information you're looking for some of you who listen to this podcast have never even like physically owned a sports car door opened up a pack. So I thought in today's episode we can kind of talk about that. Now what I'm going to do to make this one a little bit special is I'm not going to just tell you like where to buy sport cards at but I'm also going to share like how you can save money. Any when you're buying sports cars and some of these places it's something that's definitely, you know important that needs to be talked about especially with just like eBay charging, you know taxes now and you know, you got the PayPal fees and you got the shipping fees, you know, if you can save a few dollars on every purchase that's definitely going to shave off some of those fees and you know, just going to allow you to have some higher profits. So yeah, where do you buy cards at? Well, the first place that you can go buy a card is obviously your local retail store Target or Walmart. Mark Meyer, you know, wherever you live at whatever you have. They tend to have sport cards. You can mostly find these like by the checkout or sometimes earn a toy section now lately, you know, these cards have been selling out people are going to buy them by the by the by the Shelf if there's a show full of card someone's just taking her arm putting it behind the cards and shoving all the cars into their basket. So they're definitely a hot commodity right now, but if you can find some that's going to be the first place to get them. M-most or pretty much all cards are poured from Pax, you know, there's not some place where you can just go buy single cards. They normally come from packs. And then there's a person who's selling those cards. Now. The thing about buying packs of cards is that it's hit or miss you may not get the guy you're looking for you might buy all those cards and still get nothing. It's gambling at its best. There's no guarantee that you're going to get what you want. There's a chance that you can just pull a bunch of nobodies after opening a hundred packs. It's extremely risky, you know, and there's also a chance that you can pull with that super rare car. But again, it's like hitting the lotto it's not something that I recommend is not something that I do but you can do that. You can go to your local retail stores and you can make some money off that you know, if you get those packs when they first come out and they're hot people are paying top dollar for them. You might be able to use some profits not a cool thing about buying, you know packs of cards from a retail shops is that again? They're likely in the toy section. So So you'll find that sometimes if a Target is running a special on toys like buy one get one 20% off or if Maya has like a buy one get one 50% off, you know, the next toy then those coupons can be utilized on cards. So whenever you're going to buy from those retail locations, be sure to check that toy section. See if there's some coupons check online. It definitely happens a lot during the holidays and that can save you a ton of money when buying those packs. The next place to go is your local card shop now, they're probably not going to have any coupons or anything of that nature for you to save money on but what they have is something called hobby packs. When you go to a hobby store you get a different kind of pack from the retail store. I know for a lot of you people who are new to this is going to be really confusing. But if I had to explain it in a way that can make sense. It's like if you go by Ketchup from Target you get ketchup, you know, you get Heinz ketchup and it's Heinz and it tastes good. It's great and you got to catch up. But if you go to Costco when you get Heinz Ketchup, you get like the big bulky version that you can only get at Costco. Still Heinz Ketchup still taste the same but you just get more bang for your buck. That's what a hobby pack is. It's it's the Costco version of the bat of the sports car world, you know you go get a pack you're going to have a higher chance to pull that autograph or that parallel or whatever, you know, you're going to have more value now. It's going to cost more. But again, you're going to get more bang for your buck on a per dollar average with that being said buying hobby packs from your local sports car shop. It's still a gamble. You know, there's no guarantee that you're going to get a high-end card. You might just have a higher probability of getting two really horrible players, you know, so again not something that I do not something that I recommend but if you like that at journaling you like taking those risk if you want to open boxes, that's kind of where you want to start at. So you're looking at four boxes if you're looking Open some packs. Those are going to kind of be our only resources to really get them, you know, obviously, you know, your car shop might be a comic shop or it might be, you know a research shop. Now what you're probably asking yourself is like, well, what do you recommend? You know, how did you get your cards? And I'm somebody who buys cards just you know off third-party websites, you know, I buy them from other people I buy them from eBay, you know, that's probably the main place to get them. Now the thing about eBay they are charging sales tax and pretty Much every city now. So the cost of Entry is a little bit higher but I like that eBay you can just go by what you want. You know, I can go type in Ben Simmons and just look at Ben Simmons cards and that's going to allow me to accumulate those cards as an investor in terms of liquidity or availability eBay is definitely the probably like the number one place to go buy right now. You're always going to be able to find a card on eBay. Someone's always selling if I want to be honest select silver rookie bgs 9.5. I type that in and that's what pops up. I don't have to go through the frustration of trying to find it in a pack or trying to search through somebody else's cards in person. Like eBay is just the easy filter and it's just it's just the easiest place to go. A lot of people are like, well what if eBay scams me or what if this happens and what if that happens and those things can happen pretty much anywhere, you know, you can go to Walmart by pack a car and somebody can open it and return it there is going to be some times where things are a little weird weird things. Are a little fishy and that's just the cost of doing business. Sometimes it's a high commodity market. So people are you know find a loopholes and finding ways to kind of, you know mess up the system. But if you do your research, if you pay attention to feedback, you can really learn to master eBay and it's just a good place to get some some really great values. You can find a lot of skills on there and you again you could just buy in bulk, you know, it's not these cards are rare their limited. So if you want 10 cards of one player That might be hard to do might be hard to hunt that down. It might be hard to pull those out of packs. But on eBay you can just go buy 10 cards and save yourself a lot of time and a lot of money now much like Walmart or Meyer or any other retail Shop eBay does have a lot of you know good value in terms of sales and coupons. There's something called eBay Bucks A lot of people who buy sports cars don't even know about it. You can go to eBay books sign up for free and every so often they'll have a promotion where you can like save 8% or save 10% Ascent on your purchase. I remember during the holiday I end up getting like $400 back in eBay Bucks just because I bought a large number of sports cards and that $400 went a long way. So if you're paying, you know six percent tax like I do here in Michigan, if you're getting eight percent back every month, you know at the end of the month then that's just, you know, you're winning at that point you're winning 2% you're saving money and it's just so simple to sign up. It's almost a no-brainer. It can't hurt you. It's just free money back if you're not familiar with eBay Bucks. I left a little Link in the description. So you guys can go check it out go sign up. If you're not using it right now, then you definitely need to it's just it's just a no-brainer and yeah that 8% those 10% you know coupons they give you those are on a one-off basis, but you get one percent for every purchase you buy no matter what so eBay is not running any specials. You still get the 1% back. It doesn't seem like a lot but these cars can be expensive, you know that can be hundreds and thousands of dollars. So that's definitely going to come in handy. No, one percent of a thousand dollars is nothing to you know, shake at that could be the money used to buy that risky player or to just buy something else off eBay. So definitely looking to eBay Bucks doesn't hurt. You doesn't cost you any money. And if you're an investor if you're somebody who's using the platform, it's basically a no brain. Okay. Okay. Okay guys, and then you got a little bit of tips. I know you're selling the podcast but I have to end up the really quickly because I'm doing a giveaway. I know if you give away time. This is what I'm here for and I know a few of you What are we what are you talking about? If you don't know about the giveaway, that's because you don't follow me on social Twitter Instagram at Higher Side Show - I'm going to be giving away a lot of this information letting you guys know when things are coming out hot gas giveaways. It's gonna be a lot of information on there that you may not get on the podcast when things happen in real time. That's where I go post pretty much right away. So I think all of these listening to the podcast but if you want to know this kind of what's going on on a day-to-day real-time basis, I do recommend you go follow me on Instagram or Twitter at high up Sideshow. So what are we giving away? We'll be giving away a prism red white and blue Michael Porter Jr. Rookie. And this one is great at a Kia same time. This is a significant card. You guys were kind of learn more of why I picked this car to give away probably on the next episode. But yeah, this is opportunity to own a Mac reportage and rookie card. That is graded. You guys know, I'm big on Michael Porter Jr. I think the kid's gonna bubble. I think he's going to be one of the best players from that draft class productive. Draft class that has trait young and liquid oxygen. So yeah, this is an opportunity to win this car for free, maybe hold on to it and see what happens with him. You know again, I'm really high on I'm so hoping you guys are excited about this giveaway. How do you enter? Well, it's really simple I made a post on Instagram and Twitter and all you have to do is share the post and tag 3 friends. So share the post on Twitter share it on Instagram tag, three of your friends. Let them know about the contest they'll do it as well. And that's going to allow you to enter. For this content, if you do it on Instagram and Twitter, you got a double your chances to win because I want to pick one random winner from those platforms. So definitely look out for that and let's get back to the show another really good tool to use when shopping on eBay is Ebates. They're kind of like a third party site. They're going to allow you to say 2% on every purchase you buy from eBay. And yes, you can combine that with the eBay books. So eBay is giving you eight or ten percent. Andy base is giving you 2 percent now you're getting 12 percent back on every purchase. Just I'll also leave a link to that below so you can sign up for that and kind of combine those two. If you use a chrome or the brave browser, then you can actually get the Ebates extension and it'll just pop up every time you're about to check out so you can never forget to go through Ebates to buy your stuff. So definitely can save some money in that regard 12% back sounds awesome to me and when you're buying a car that's $1,000 that that's going to be a big win for you. So yeah little hack there to save some money. I would say those platforms are the most popular to buy sports cars from if you ask your average sports car collector or investor. They're going to point you in that direction and from here. It kind of gets a little more, you know difficult, you know, once you kind of you know are looking outside of eBay, let's say you just don't want to pay those taxes that 6% or 8% or wherever you live. It's just adding up it's cutting into your profits. You might want to deal with somebody on a personal person basis and that's when you kind of tap into the community. And you find these like small forms forms is pretty much like how basketball cards started that's where I started from 10 years ago. They're still going strong today. There's not many forms left to like in the world, you know, everyone's kind of switched her Reddit or you know, whatever other platform but basketball car form sports car forms. They're still ticking now the forums are a little more. More, you know risky they're a little more, you know person to person there's no middle man, you know, like eBay to kind of delegate what goes on there's no governance, you know, so when you go on the Forum, you're really relying more feedback on community on trust and these forms are all over the place. You know, one of the biggest ones right now is blow out forms blowout sales. A lot of the hobby boxes. We talked about earlier, but they also offer our forum for collectors and investors to go talk about sports car. So they are you can go buy sale and just talk about the hobby. You know, they're not really Keen to investors. If you're somebody who's investing in a hobby you they might have a little bit of negativity towards you if you want to just discuss the hobby because they're like passionate collectors. They love it and you know investors are driving up the prices and investors are you know, making it harder for them to collect? So keep that in mind if you want to just have like discussion but in Terms of buying and selling, you know, it's pretty simple. Obviously selling your cards on a forum is going to take a lot longer than it will on eBay because you're looking for the right buyer. You have to post it at the right time, but it does allow you to get cards at a cheaper price point, you know, for example, I bought a micro Porter Jr. Optic Hollow off eBay a little while back and it was like 225 and I found that same car on blow out forms and I 470 bucks and F because a lot of people prefer to sell outside of eBay because when you sell on eBay you get those eBay fees eBay charges your ten percent, you know 12% to sail. So if you can sell that car in a forum you get to avoid those fees as a seller so sellers tend to make the prices a little bit cheaper, which really benefits you the buyer because you get to avoid paying that tax and high price point. So yeah, if you want to go on forearms, it's a little more experience involved. The blowout forms is really good one. There's some great Facebook groups. If you want like links to those just DME and I can invite you to the groups and that's pretty much like where people people get cards from you buy and sell on these groups people who are interested in a hobby and you're kind of just bouncing cards back left and right, you know, I might sell a card of one guy then bicarb another guy. So it's a really small community, but we spend a lot of money so it really works out. Lastly I want to talk about two places that are either forgotten or they're just kind of like not that popular to buy cards from one is Beckett. If you collect the cards a while back, you probably know Beckett from just being like the magazine that that child could predict or give you a value of what the car is worth, but they also have an online market for hobby shops and a lot of people who own sports car shops or hobby shops. They'll list their cards on Beckett and sell them to the public. And I love Becky it because no one shops there like you can go there and find like base cards or refractors or Parallels that you know, aren't that popular but they might have a lot of you know potential. For example, I recently bought 2018-19 optic Halo of LeBron James right when they were kind of blown up people were starting to pay like 30 40 bucks for them and I went on Beckett and I found one for $10 and they're normally cheap like that because a lot of these hot Be shops there. They're not in touch with the market. They're not like paying attention to the price of every card. So they're normally listing their college and bulk. They're trying to clear inventory. And once they go on Beckett in a list them they likely tend to forget about them because they just sit in one of their many boxes. So I've been able to go on there and find some really good deals like when Don was optic blew up like I was able to go by LeBron James Hollows. Yanis is Hollows James Harden Klay Thompson, and I was able to buy Them in bulk because these hobby shops are opening so many boxes and and I was buying them for like a dollar a pop and selling them for like eight dollars a pop. So if you know your cards, there's a good opportunity there with places like Beckett. Obviously that's for a more experienced person or somebody who's you know, when you kind of get to that level, but there's definitely some money to be made there if you know what you're doing. It's also just Keen to notice that Beckett might also overpriced some cards, you know, so just be careful when you buy Do your research know what the cards are worth before you buy them? You know, you don't want to go to Beckett and pay $300 for like a Lucas status rookie that hobby shop might be in Dallas and they might overpriced their card and you know, that that's obviously not lucrative for you. So in addition to that their stock X that's another place that's kind of up and coming stock X doesn't have a lot of liquidity right now meaning if you want to like move your cards or buy some cars. You're probably going to have to wait. It's not going to be a same-day transaction or instant. And sometimes that's fine. Sometimes you're looking to just list your cars and you stock X's, you know software to know. What were the markets kind of heading But as time goes on they may be a good place to buy some cards and the reason I mention stock X and this how to save money episode is because sometimes people can go list on stock accent forget about it. Like let's say you got to be honest were key and the honest rookies going for 1,500 bucks. He throw it on stock X. It's just there for three weeks nothing. And nobody buys it because there's no liquidity. But then Ian is just like takes a leap. He wins MVP or he wins the championship or he just this killing it which he's doing right now and then at $1,500 card is not worth, you know, $4,000. There's a strong chance that it still may be available on stock X, you know that that buyer may not have won an updated it or he might have forgot about it. So you might be able to like run back there and get some steals just because of liquidity is up there. So stock X is definitely a play dead. Some place you want to look into and with them being a new platform. They do tend to run some special sometimes, you know wether your a seller or buyer stock X tends to have some really good deals on cars where you can save 10% by using somebody's affiliate link or say 40% you know on listing fees if you're a seller so that's obviously a big benefit compared to us like eBay last but not least. We have a calm sea or comc check out my cards is what it is and they're really Innovative space. I like like that side a lot. I've been buying from there a lot. I just because they make buying super super easy. It's a lot to explain, you know in one episode but essentially comc or check out my car. Is there a warehouse full of basketball cards that are sports cars. I'm sorry that our Cynthia and by people like me and what's really cool about it is that they allow you to send your cards in invoke. So you might send them to 300 cards. They add them to the platform. resale and then you the buyer can then go buy those cars the cool thing about their platform is that when you buy the cards, they're not instantly shipped to you. They're just transferred into your name comc still holds them. They still Warehouse them. So let's say if you're new into the space and you're just looking to make some money now, you don't have to worry about the inventory or taking care of the car because they're responsible for that. You're just going to have your cards in a portfolio like you would a stock or like you would you know, I don't know what other asset does that? But you don't physically have the card from there. You can decide to just realistic are at a higher price or just hold the card or if you're really a know like me you can have it shipped to you. I think what I like about them the most is that they allow me to get the car in person, but I can wait till I buy 30 or 40 cards before I have them ship it that way I only have to pay for shipping once when you buy of eBay you paid like three or four dollars per card in terms of shipping. So if I can buy a hundred cars It's and save on four dollars per card. That just saved me $400. So I really like that platform for that reason. They also just tend to have some really competitive prices and you can get cards invoke that she normally wouldn't be able to buy you know, because you're not paying for that shipping you can go by, you know, 50 prism rookies of Michael Porter Jr. And just pay $2 per card instead of $5 per card. So I know it's a little confusing. I might do a fool like episode or blog post on how CMC works and how it can. Maybe some money. But yeah, those are really the places right now to buy cars. You know, those are your resources that's where the quantity is going to be at. That's where the markets kind of trending and it's really not that complicated. You know you type in the player you want if you're looking for a greater car you type in the grade and you just hit search. You know, what I love about a lot of these platforms is that you can save your search. So say if you go to eBay you want Michael Porter Jr. PSA 10 prism silver rookie. I can say that and And every time a you know prison PSA 10 silver pops up, my phone will alert me and I can decide I want to buy it or you know, try to negotiate with that seller. So hopefully that wasn't too confusing. I know it was a lot to kind of take in if you guys have any questions definitely be sure to reach out to me. You can catch me on the higher side show on Instagram or Twitter. That's probably why most active at and yeah, be sure to leave a comment on this podcast. Let me know what you thought about it. I would love a review from you guys obviously looking for that. Five star or you know, however they were income and that's it for today guys. Happy investing and I catch you on the next one.