Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen. This podcast you can double back and take a listen to my Valentine's Day episode. I'm very anti Valentine's Day. I hate it whether I'm single or in a relationship. But anyway, we're past that we're onto bigger and better things. They can be J day is in two weeks. Sometimes I've noticed that my podcast tend to be a little dumpy ranty and shitting on things the entire time so I decided that I'd like to start every episode with something nice that's happened to me. The past week and a couple weeks ago. I put 20 bucks into the MTA machine so I could get a MetroCard and it ate my $20 and I didn't get a receipt because I normally don't like to waste paper and it was cash. So anyway ate my 20 bucks and I went to an attendant and they filled out my paper with you know, the ID number of the card and they send it in and I get the receipt thing anyway weeks and weeks go by and I opened the mail. A week or two ago and I got my 20 bucks back in a new MTA card. And for those of you listening who are English because I'm interviewing Adam Breeze from Raven I who is from England an MTA. MetroCard is pretty much the same thing as an oyster card. So my faith in the MTA was restored in the fact that I got 20 bucks back in metro card forum and I I'm very grateful for that. There you have it folks the positive thought of the podcast now. I wanted to give you a little back story about Raven I Raven die is one of my favorite upcoming newer bands and it's quite a funny story. I have this wonderful friend named Missy and she I call her my rock and roll mom, but she gets pissed when I say that so I call her my rock and roll sister and She was like brandy. You have to come out to the show. There's this band. I really like just trust my instinct. So I go out to the show was when Webster Hall Studio was still open and I go to the show and as soon as the band starts playing I'm like, oh, I I totally remember this band they opened for the darkness. So anyway rocking out they put on a great show lots of energy. They're very they move around and it's exciting to watch. And they're all cute and it's just a good time. Especially when you've had a few wines anyway rocking out and the show comes and I wanted to go buy a t-shirt or merch or whatever. So, I mean, I work in music and for a lot of the artists that we work for. We you know after the show's done they do what they got to do and we collectively as a company figure out what hey, what's next right? So like I was like, hey, what's next guys? You know, where you going now? And I found out that they were being stationed that evening and the recording studio for that particular album that they were touring on in Hoboken and I was like, oh shit. I am your neighbor because I live in Jersey City and they were like, oh you should his sup so I wound up messaging them and in like an hour or two after you know, I got home they were just like hey, yeah come to the studio. So I headed to the studio, you know, I got to pick their brains got Them a little bit better or they're really sweet guys and got to hang out with their producer warm Riker and it was just really cool time. So memories like that stick, you know with bands that you really dig. So I've been a fan of the band for since that moment and they are putting out new music which is so exciting and I am more than honored to have them on Brandy is going to hell because I think they fucking rock and I think you should listen to them their EP breaking out is awesome. And their debut record. Nova is awesome as well. I am one of those people that will incessantly listen to something know all the words and all the like drum parts and I am so stoked that there is new music. It's very commendable how DIY and dirty the band is on socials, you know, they just are raw and are just super duper Hustlers and I just love that about bands. I think it's really rad. Their new album is titled animals with a TBD release date and the first song that they released off of this record is the title track animals. They just really wanted to treat fans in the new year before getting into the cycle of releasing music when no matter how they got the music out and Adam explains that a little further into the show. So I have Adam of Raven I who who is the drummer on the show and we go over pretty much everything under the sun the recording process working with Warren. He is a new drummer in the band. So his element that he added to the band and then we toss it up a little bit toward the end and talk about coffee and Crossfit or working out in general. So without further Ado you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and here is my guest Adam Breeze of Raven. I All right, how you doing? All right, this is really this is really weird for me. I'm not a lot by but it's a cross the pond conversation. It's cool. Yeah, I doing what I'm doing very well. How are you anymore early morning for you, isn't it? Yes, it is. Yes. It is. I am a night owl for sure. I went to bed at like 4:30. Science. Oh wow, like free o'clock is so I'm ready for your ready to get going. Yeah, real good. Oh, no. I just remembered when you said that you record a podcast so you shouldn't be too nervous. Although it's been kind of late. Okay? Okay. Yeah. Yeah II have like a little podcast on the side. I do that took like a basic he's wrong about shit. That's what podcast for right? Yes, exactly the internal thoughts. But yeah, let's see how it goes. I'll be Fine. Hell yeah. Alright. Well the whole reason you're here is that Raven I is putting out new music which is so fucking exciting. You guys are one of my favorite like younger new bands and I just wanted to talk about that a little bit. So the song that you just released called animals and it fucking rocks and I'm so excited to hear about the rest. So do you want to talk a little bit about you know, the recording process you recorded at Manoa Valley Studio, which is a pretty, you know famous. Studio, you know Oasis Queen Black Sabbath whole brush Led Zeppelin just to name a few. Do you want to name a couple of your other favorites and talk about the experience funnily enough McFly recorded there as well. That was another one of my favorites, but the so we recorded the album maybe like year ago, obviously Mana Valley, but so it's kind of my first experience. I joined Rave and I 3 G's three years ago. So yeah, we kind of went in with this with 15. 15 16 songs, we booked the studio out for a month and it was we wanted to find somewhere that wasn't like these days. A lot of bands will just go into recording studios do the recordings and then go home at night or ever but we wanted somewhere residential where we could sleep and kind of just get involved a hundred twenty percent every day. So we found mono Valley and obviously the list is endless with all of the bands that have recorded their but so we will stay there for a month for yeah it was Pretty crazy experience, especially for me is like my first. Oh, yeah. You're a little Noob the baby in the pan. So it's like it was a lot of pressure for me as a player and it was obviously before this album. It was Nova which is their debut which is our debut album though. There is a great great piece of work and just doing a little shout out here, you know, Warren rayker produced The Record Nova before you were part of the band and then you join for this record and produce this Israel is this one to you know, just to put more on a pedestal a little bit. He's working Grammy Award winning producer worked with the Fugees. Lauryn Hill believe Sublime list goes on also really Michael Jackson a lot of metal bands now, so that's awesome. Yeah, so he yeah warms. Awesome me flew over. Yeah. We got stuff on Mon Valley and then we get it was pretty intense like like by the end of it like Ali got really ill. So we were Unlike the vocal takes right at the end of the album. Yeah olive oils. Like I've got cold and you're like great through them all the instruments and now has to be vocals. And now the focus is ill but it kind of it was an amazing experience for all of us to kind of from the last album. It was gonna awesome which he's a massive session guy in the u.s. He played on Nova so it was kind of scary but really exciting to have an identity behind the band now in terms of like, Three people human beings that have kind of like live together most of the last year touring and stuff on the road to actually put music together and you know play it so it's yeah, it's pretty special to all of us because he kind of thought start to form an identity. Yeah. I was I was going to ask how do you think your identity formed for you personally because right you I'm not so I mean I can ask this what you did before Raven die, but touring with Raven die for all of like Nova. Motion and all the bands that you've like supported and your headline stuff. I'm sure that a lot of your identity might be what that band's first record was but what do you think you personally added to this new record? I think when before I was in I remember before I join the band I went to I was a fan anyway, and I went to go see him in Milton Keynes which is where the guys are from. He's perfect. So I went to go see a show and I was in I've been in loads. Like touring bands before and I'm kind of done all that stuff, but I remember saying to myself I was like that time was like if I could be in one band any point in this time. I want to be in ravenite and like I think maybe like a year later. I was in another touring band and All he called me over the other way around I think yeah. Well, he called me and was like are we not we don't have a drummer anymore? And we're just looking around and I was I'll be a drummer I'll do it. I'm not gonna let anyone else be your can we swear on this. Yeah, you can curse. It's a cozy and joined this band apart from me and he was okay and he sent me he sent me Nova in full when it wasn't obviously released and he's like just learn this was like cool and they And helpful, I didn't know that little that little history snippet then so that's pretty right. Yeah, so and yeah, I know I just learned all that shit went to the audition and they had I think I had like three or four other guys and I was the first one and it's actually set all he sent me my audition tape the other day and I thought oh my God, she's so freaking they canceled. The rest of the guys are like, yeah, you're the one I was like, oh, that's so rad. I mean, it's obviously had to be the hair and you make amazing faces. I'm kidding. It was hot. It was hard at first like in terms of the pressure of execute these songs. I have Etc and like the the think the good thing about Raven eyes that I know a lot of bands especially UK bands that do really well in the UK and then everywhere else in the world. They don't really like put a lot of crowds and like have that much of a fan base, but we're kind of lucky because we managed to pocket so many areas in the world of touring that we have such amazing. It will just stick by us. Wherever we go like Germany France wherever so I was really worried about people like who's this guy? Because I know like any band that gets a new member even like whoever like a fan a fan would just be like who the fuck is this dude? Yeah, but now you're lucky. Also Rock has a Wonder for cult following like Rock Fans stick through everything. Yeah, exactly. So this new album we started writing. Dang, it maybe like two years ago. And it's for me. I was like right I'm not going to I'm just gonna be myself obviously behind the drum kit, and I've always looked up to players that when you hear them playing drums. You don't need to look at them. You don't need you just need to hear the drum sound you go. Okay. That's Keith Moon that here is the scroll. So I was like, I want to bring that to the band in terms of I want to keep it simple and I want to make people dance and that is pretty much. What I've tried to we've all tried to accomplish on this record of like just really fucking simple catchy rock songs that have heaviness to it that we all that we all dig. So I would say Nova's definitely I would say bluesy. I don't know like it definitely because obviously I know it's got the grooves but this this new album is obviously from the title track animals. It's like that's that's probably the heaviest one on there. But the rest of them is a very like just straight up head bobbing rock songs. So I'm a new record yet. Yes. Yes covid animals. Oh, okay. So you're right title track cool. There was a lot that was a load of names. We were going through like wish quit this there's some I think we came up with animals Because the actual song which is kind of represented. What who we are as a Now like we just wanted to have that Primal route roots to rock music that we feel like a lot of bad like rock bands are missing at moment bands like bad flower and like the struts and stuff that like the all these upcoming amazing rock bands have that honesty and that this is no like anything hidden behind the curtain or anything. So we just wanted to be as honest as possible. She can't with the name animals thought was cool. So and that's still gonna be days. Yeah. Yeah, it's okay. Yeah, so yeah. Yeah Stevie Dee but where it's all in the works like it's funny because we've been off the road for maybe like a year and a half maybe longer and everyone's like oh my God is just taking so much time. Like why the fuck haven't you like played any tours or anything? Like look trust me like we know how hard it is not this is what we do for a living. It's like it's so hard for a written for it. I know exactly I might just do this little side tangent here. Do it. Are you guys don't have management right. Now? You guys are kind of self-releasing everything or do you have a torn? We're what's the deal? We have we have management. We have booking we're currently not on the label, but we have all of the right team at the moment recurrent we currently are looking for labels, but this album will be yeah self-release and part of the year and a half that we've kind of Been not been off but not struggles, but the the bullshit we've been through in the industry and personally, it's like we in the studio. We just had we record the album came out and had this amazing sound record. And then we just decided let's just let's just own this wreck. Like let's just have it. This is ours. Now. Let's just take it and I think there's a lot of bands going down that self-release fruit now not in terms of like Kickstart like, please give us like go out go up Bowl With us, whatever like that stuff at every very like that kind of thing because it's like it's kinda know. So we're going along with this self-release as we're praying some really cool merch ideas of like hand-painted. We've basically created a new logo and we're hand-painting like Doc Martens from Converse and leather jacket and all vegan. And so we're all going to like paint custom things on these jackets and obviously vinyl CD Etc signed, whatever. Is going to be available for the pre-order and that's all being done at the moment. So it's the album is out this year. However, yeah, we don't we have we do have a confirmed a when we're going to do it but we just need to doing it the way I want you're doing a DIY baby. So you gotta you know, you're putting in the Blood Sweat and Tears so I get it completely. Yeah everybody else. Yeah. Yeah, so I imagine then that would be coupled with touring but I sure will. So you've opened for some amazing acts while drumming with Rave and I talked about some of those and you know, any extremely memorable ones that you know will stick with you forever. I mean, it's been extremely lucky is a band like, you know, we've worked fucking Harley we all have but I think the the one that sticks out the most is that we went on the 18-day Europe tour Arena tour of Kiss, which was like the most craziest idea. Joined in 2017. And even from then it was like okay. This is like the craziest thing that's happened in my life because we were going to like South America and playing festivals and stuff. So it was really like throw you in the deep end for me. But the tour of Kiss, I think ironically it was on Valentine's Day. It was I think it's like 40 years ago and I got a call from Ali and I was like, I'm just gonna heat up calling on Valentine's Day. Like I'm alone. This is sad enough. This is sad enough already. Like what the fuck you doing? And he called me and he was like We got the tall like we're going for kiss and I was like, huh? Nice one dude. I see you later. And he was like, no seriously like we'd go on 18-day tour in Europe with kiss in two weeks, like pack your bags and I was like, I just fucking collapsed. I was like, holy shit. I was like what is going on? And yeah, so the first date was in Russia and we flew out and it was a I think the biggest is the biggest capacity on the tour's Thousand nine it Arena and like we got them we were coming like jet-lagged and stuff already but we like went it was like a dream. It really was graduating actually. Yeah. Is that your first time traveling far out of the country? Yeah. Yeah. It was I think the first gig that I did right and I will out of the country was in São Paulo and that was like a 14 hour flight and I was like, this is crazy ever. I've been to like Spain through our flight. That's it. He dropped for Fly but yeah, that was pretty Russia was pretty crazy flight as well. But yeah, so that was the first show and the reason I say it was like a dreams like obviously we support act like the main support for the whole tour. So we would set up all of our lamps on stays on his massive like Kiss ridden stays on Tyrone. Yeah, and we've got like two amps on a drum kit and we like God to the side of the stage and okay, let's go and you You know, like when you watch a concert movie and you hear like a roar of the crowd, you know, like that's cool. But when you actually hear it in if you're when you're actually here like 40,000 people in real life do that. You like your own it sounded fake. I was like what the fuck is that in? The lights went down, right? Okay. This is it. This is it and we just went up and just kicked ass like it it taught us so much. That's all I think that's one of the main reasons. I remember I remember it other than the insane experience it it taught us. How plane to 40,000 people or 30,000 people night if you do that 200 people in a dirty smelly Club in London, it's the same you do the same things and you make you make the 200 people feel like 40,000 and it may we so we did that for and we came back and we did the Nova it's not over till it's over at all. So we did like a headline run run. The UK is the best-selling headline tour we've ever had and and we learn so we just didn't give Shit. Now we want on stage. We like we could do whatever we wanted and we know we knew how to talk to everyone visually and stuff. So yeah that kissed all was we have so many crazy crazy stories from that and was so lucky and so grateful that we managed to have the opportunity because it's something that fits like sticks in online everywhere every day. I fucking wake up. So yeah, that was pretty crazy. But we're yeah, I think we've been on some crazy supports like that and then we supported bush in Europe. Hailstorm and the Darkness I wasn't on that or but you saw them. That's how you you you yeah, that's actually quite funny because I remember seeing Raven eye open for the darkness in America, but it was just when I moved to New York. I was in a haze. You know, I was you know, I think my friend held my you know me my spot at the front row. I was kind of clocked out at that point in my life, but then Yeah, she hit me up. When you guys did your headline tour and was like Brandi you have to come see this band with me and I'm like, okay. I trust you. You have good instincts and then I was like, oh fuck I've seen these guys before so yeah, and that's how our wonderful friendship began. Yeah. So that was what that was the new that was New York show, right? Yeah. That was like that was like the last the last year that the studio at Webster Hall was open so you guys were a part of a pretty important. Year at you know, Webster Hall, sorry. Yeah, that's awesome. So, well, hopefully we all see you back very soon. We will be back imminently. Do I think there's a there's a there's a lot of things behind the scenes that have been happening over the last year and a half that we've been planning and really wanting to go to certain places and the u.s. Is one that we really want to hit hard this year and early next year. So yeah, we're going to be back ASAP so I can see your pretty face again. Thank you made me blush. So yeah, is there anything else you want to talk about with Raven? I because I'm ready to talk about some CrossFit and coffee. Oh, I mean you've got the new single play like a snippet or something. Maybe yeah, I'll just note it. All right that works. Hey see nugget. What is it going on screaming? We are in the current process of putting that up. So be in the next couple of weeks maybe. Which we good news. We've literally just signed a distribution deal to to a company. So that is all being sorted in the process. So we came to the beginning of this year and we had everything planned in your like I think people just deserve to hear new music. It doesn't matter what how it comes out or how people like to see it as this massive release. It was like, let's just create a lyric video put it up on our Facebook and then we'll sort everything out after the fact kind of thing. So, That was a really big moment for us. I remember we did it. We were like right we're doing this live stream on like the 24th of January with the fuck. It wasn't me and Ali were like about to press like the live by my hands are like shaking like people haven't heard music like in like what year and a half and everyone was just like, oh my fucking god like because we thought because it's quite a different sound we thought everyone would be like, oh that doesn't sound like Nova it doesn't sound like breaking out where this but everyone's taken to it. Like so kindly and was so fucking great. Gracious for it. But yeah, if you want to put like a little snippet in then please this is the new single from Raven. I yeah, you got it. I know you've always posted about like drinking coffee. Are you a coffee snob or you just enjoy drinking it? I'm I don't think I'm a snob I definitely enjoyed it's like music just like drink whatever, but would you be able to answer if I asked your It's or you know, do you have favorite brands or do you have go to? Yeah, okay. So our ironically enough me and my girlfriend went to Rome to my birthday. Whoo laughs this year. I was like right. I know there's like I kind of every city we go to on the last kind of tools we've done we all just go right. Where's the best coffee joint? And we try and Source out like the the best place to get like this like Dive Bar Coffee Joint swears like This amazing. We wouldn't find anywhere else in the world. So we went to Rome and you can't really get bad coffee and Italy. Anyway, I was like what like what's the best coffee in all this stuff and all the locals like always it's just like Le Vasa coffee. And also I have that home. You're like, yeah, that's that's the best was like, okay, cool. Okay, so I bought like a massive bag of it on the way home like just for my French Press. I only just I have a machine. I have an espresso machine but like I'd I normally just use French Press. I feel like you can get a decent cup of coffee. If you have like the right grounds for women French Press. Like I feel like you don't have to get all these crazy devices but I've had like Ali has an arrow press and all this stuff, which is really cool. But well they can see. Yeah, I mean as far as coffee goes for myself. I mean I have just you know, I have one of those like 14 coppers and then one of my my best friend Katie for we we were out drinking super late one night and I was pretty much falling asleep because I don't think I was the DD that night. I'm such a good friend. Yes, and she made me a cup of coffee with a French press and I'm like, I've never had french press coffee before and she's like what so for my for my birthday. She got me a French press and it is a pretty life-changing invention. It is it really makes the coffee super flavorful but um as far as like, Coffee brands go like this year my mom. Well, my mom knows on me. I'm a pretty decent coffee fan. And I really like to fuck with flavored coffee. So this year she surprised me with this coffee called Bones coffee and all of the covers have like skeletons on them and you covid picture. I was like, yeah, we don't really have that many funky flavors of coffee. But we have some light shitty ground coffee this like orange flavor chocolate flavor and they just taste like dirt but like like talk like toffee apple and like burn off in that stuff. I love that shit like that. So right now I'm drinking the Macadamia one. It's Macadamia Maniac or whatever. So yeah bones coffee company has awesome flavors. There's eggnog peanut butter and jelly caramel apple coconut caramel and vanilla. There's a White Russian flavor and I have a Not rum flavor to it's really fucking banging and then just because if you need really good jet fuel Death Wish coffee puts out a pretty potent blend and I just like to shout out my local South Jersey Roasters there. It's like yeah, they've been around for like 20 something years. They're called Talk and coffee and they make awesome flavors as well. They have like blueberry Macadamia. They have seasonal ones and All That Jazz so and you can be ordered online. So yeah, I think I need to do some search and feels like uk-based people who do like, yeah like to be Roasters. I feel like in the UK I I mean I've been to England a few times for pleasure and then also because you know, I have a boyfriend there and where is your pleasure boyfriend from in England? So he's a little south of Cambridge. I think so. I don't even know it's a really it's a really small town called great grands didn't I don't even know if you know where that is. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, I know that is kind of okay. Yeah, but I just noticed in England. There's not really that many coffee choices. Like if you go to order call me. It's just like you mean like an Americano like you don't you just don't have plain coffee. It's just always like Americana. It's at all the little shops and all the little shops around are all kind of the same like Nero and yeah, it cost her and she like yeah, they're just I mean, they're all great and they taste wonderful but it's just like I feel like your coffee capabilities aren't the same as what's in America. I agree. Yeah, we get we get a like I've I like really strong sour. We almost like Italian coffee but like over here whenever we go to like when you do tours in the UK, everyone's like it must be so cool. You see me like so many cool places remembers me mon lines like when you go on tour, you must he's so many cool. Isn't this a picture of this like McDonald's and one service station and that is literally what UK tour is, but every time we get a coffee, it's always cost stuff and we're just get a black Americano because it's like well, I like I don't want a flat why I don't want a cappuccino. I don't really like milk like loads of million. Oh, that was my other question. I was going to ask like you just drink your coffee black or yeah. Yeah, that's the way to go for sure. I I got some chocolate soy milk the other that's fucking dope. If you if you put that and like heat the milk up and get it or frothy and put that have you ever so I I'm pretty big on black coffee too. But sometimes I just need like a little bit of you know, yeah. Yeah mellow it down a little bit next time. Yes. I am. I put almond milk and it yeah sometimes flavored and Oat milk is like a really trendy thing in America right now. So yeah, okay. Yeah awesome. So there's the little coffee schpeel. Um, I also wanted to touch base with you you've been on kind of like a fit Journey or a weight loss journey in your life and it's actually super inspiring. So I wanted to talk to you a bit about that because you've posted your progress online and it's pretty phenomenal. So what's your secret? What are you doing? You very much. I am not eating a full bag of cookies every day. Seriously, I think like the main thing for me I when I when I join join Rave Marla, I'm quite a physical player anyway, and when I got into a touring band, I was like got halfway through the set and I was burned out I was like, I feel like I'm just going to throw up and it's fucking gross and my my fitness levels weren't that great. I was kind of eating crap and think from University. I was just like I'm just gonna like have cheese and Pastor everyday and beans with stuff and it just it catches up view. So I was like right fuck this and I not a lot of people know this but I had a small injury maybe like two years ago on my right shoulder had a small labrum tear which is like right under the like sore shoulder socket the rotator cuff and I was Getting off stage. I couldn't feel my right arm. I was like, this is I had to like dip it in water like ice water and like put those tiger balm and shit on it was really gross and I was like something's going on like and I got really scared. I was like, I am not going to be able to play drums for the rest of my life. If I don't pull this out, so I went to a chiropractor and told me what it was and I he was like do these exercises but because the labrum There's not a lot of blood flow that goes to it. So it can't prepare like in two days whether so he was like this is going to be a long long long journey of like repairing this thing as I okay. So that was another reason why I wanted to get fit and kind of I I started going to the gym. I started doing home workouts to begin with there's this website called Fitness Blender. Mmm and it and you can do you can like basically choose the time you want to work. I like half an hour or an hour choose what you want to do like Cardio Abs up and be whatever and then there's a person was he like, okay. Now you do this do that. I started doing that and I was like, right I need to up my game a bit. So no dreams Jim. Yeah, it's free. He's gone website. So Fitness Blender.com, you just go on and then you can just put in it's really cool. It's so many videos on there and they're all like it tells you that the calories you burn and started at the end. You can be like high-end now I can like hmm going. Have it good like a good meal or so and then I joined the gym and then I started doing weights and stuff and trying to I feel like I don't know if it's the same in America when you go to the gym nowadays, especially guys like there's a lot massively buff guys, like massive arms tiny legs, but they want to go up to them and be like, okay, why are you here? And most of them is like hos want to get chicks all I want to get laid or what? Like I feel like that is Big reason why you go to the gym just to look good and stuff which obviously is part of it. But I just wanted to get strong being and I wanted to feel good behind the drum kit. So I was like, I just want to get to a point where I'm not in pain and I'm not like huffing and puffing on the drumset. So yeah, I've think I've lost like I used to way I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do this in stone. Now how God I hate it's pretty heavy and they're like, I weigh myself every day. I'm down to like 11 stone. So, oh wow, like over the last few years all your baby fat. I lost all my chub-chub. So but now touchwood my my right shoulder is have I don't feel any pain anymore and it's slowly slowly getting a lot better. So that was the main reason on my fitness journey of his like I just want Stronger and I want to feel I want to feel good. I want to be able to play drums when I'm 40. Yeah, you got to take care of the machine man. Yeah. Yeah definitely but yes, but the thing is I asked you about Crossfit because that's the next thing that I want to try and like weave my way into because I feel like that's that's a novel world of like everyone over here is like, oh, yeah, like CrossFit will just kill you and I was like, yeah, but I can't like that like I want to like, well, I've been doing it since August and you know, I'm not going to lie I go like twice A week. I'm not like a super over like I don't overdo it and I pay attention to my body. Well, I mean they always say like four days on three days off or something like yeah five days on two days off, but I I just know my body and I know my interest levels on things and if I overdo something I'll get sick of it real quick. So like I keep it to my standards I go twice a week. Sometimes I go three times a week and if I do a workout and Hurting, I won't go like for the rest of the week, you know what I mean? So it's kind of cool because nobody there is you know before what are some people are and it's all really based about what you can handle. It's not like, oh, yeah, I do without you have to know thousand pounds you have to do you like 200 pounds? No, that's not what it is. You do what you can do because it's what you're trying to do for yourself. So I think people get this misconception about CrossFit like, yeah, it'll Kill you if you try to do wait you can't do but if yeah, you do what you're comfortable with and you build up to what you want to achieve and I haven't been injured since doing CrossFit since August and I have been getting so many compliments from you know, strangers from friends that see me everyday and you know, it's nice. It's really it's really rewarding and I like it a lot. So yeah, you should try did expensive I'm not going to lie, but like it's Along the class like normally like an hour. Yeah, cool. Okay. It's just an hour and it's you know just do like circuit and you like Circuit of exercises. Yeah different days, there's different, you know different workouts. That's why I also like it too because I get bored doing repetitive things. So every day I'm learning something new or trying new things and pushing myself to different limits and you don't work out the same muscle groups on a on a consistent basis. Yeah, you're getting a mixture of it all which is really awesome. Awesome. Maybe that'll be the next go-around makes Financial. I think there's a couple of places near me. So I might go and and I'll come back with like a broken back. Yeah, right suppose your thousand push-ups because that's the horror stories. I've heard like you are you go CrossFit in the the trainer's they're just like owners. Do you do twenty fucking pull ups in a row and you just like, yeah I need well, you can't do a port I can't do a pull-up. So you have modified exercises every workout has a modification. So you might do ring up. Yeah that or It just depends and you know, I mean like yeah, if you go in there and try to deadlift the wait, you can't do yeah, you're going to hurt your back, but you should do what you feel comfortable doing so you don't do that. It's all about your own like the coach isn't going to know your comfort level you are and usually like that you're you know, I mean, I haven't her I know you know, I've always been athletic to some extent by doing sports. But like I've been doing CrossFit since August and I haven't hurt myself. So yeah, I think that's like kind of like a good testimonial for anybody to definitely go listen to your body. Yeah. I was trying out then I'll let you know. Yeah, well congrats on that. So it sounds like a lot of things are you know working in your favor this year in 2020 is going to be a solid one Raven. I you're getting different and I am so excited for the new music and I'm sure you know, just seeing all the what do you guys call your fans Raven Raven? Have like we have right we have a couple we have like Raven Nation. We have ravens Okay the flock. Okay. Well, I'm a real. Thank you for sticking. Thank you for sticking with us. Yeah, absolutely. You guys make great music and I'm so excited for you guys to kick it off again. You know what I've heard so far is amazing and I'm looking forward to the rest of it. So big ups that Hells. Yeah, it's gonna kick off. Um, what are you if you don't, you know, I just I'm always curious and I love I think it's so important for people to share. I mean everybody's like, oh, I'm an artist so I don't listen to anything at the moment. But you know, what, are you currently listening to? You know, you know young bands or you know, whatever you've dove into and a in an older sense. What are you listening? I have been getting into Juneau bakkal Sepultura. I do. Yeah, I still say I love I find like I've been listening to when I listen when I find out like new music. Normally it's even from like the UK scene like so at bands like dinosaur pile up. Black foxes and stuff like that or I'll find a drummer that I'm like, holy shit. Who's that? Who does he play for she pay for and then I'll listen to their band. So there's this guy called he like you like Casa Grande. That's pronounce. Probably he plays he plays drums for several Torah and like I've just been getting into that heavy shit and Deft. I've been listening to a lot of Deftones as well. Yes, but if any of your listeners want to check out some new music Sandy. Unis x-ray Van Nuys want to know I didn't realize horn enough. I'm sure everybody's sick of hearing about it and I'll get here that there is a band called look at it said Darkness will pile up they've released their debut. Not a view. It's a I think it's all that shit sound like maybe they've called they've told the states quite a lot. Yeah, they're really cool as a band called a played on a couple of tracks that called War gasm there like a UK band. I agree then I know right it's a lot of people like what why are they could walk out some just like just listen just listen to it. I understand exactly why and I'm in a new and new projects at the moment that I work like my main kind of income at MoMA is working. I have a degree in audio production and all that stuff. So I work a studio down near me locally and the guy it's called Sunny Hill studio. So if you want to go anyone who's listening go check it out, but it's owned by the guitarist Ben from the band lower than Atlantis and they are UK band they've unfortunate but now but anyway, so I've been working on a project with him and it's called Paper Mill and it's like his new project. I played drums on that and they're releasing their new music on 28 February his bending like crying and rocks and stuff. So yeah, and obviously like the the struts and And there's a lot of new music people like rocket Rock and roll's on the radio anymore. And I like you can't if you fucking they say anything. Do you go deep enough? It's there. You'll find you'll find fucking good music like it's yeah, that's what I mean. Like, you know streaming is so important nowadays, but you know, it's The Gatekeepers manly Gatekeepers aren't really exposing, you know, not the young Rock so you just got to really search for it man and being, you know, we I need people like you, you know being in rock bands and preach in it. That's so important. The day's the day's going to come when those download Headliners like Iron Maiden even kissed a point. They're going to need someone to take up the fucking mantle. So, you know, it's it's up to it's up to us. Well, thank you for your service us rockheads are are are grateful for it because you know, it's really refreshing to To as a rock fan for my whole life have new rock bands that really Fuel That Fire and Rave and I is one of them and so thank you for that. Yeah. Awesome. It's definitely I get excited when I hear about new bands because it's and they start like that. You'll start start playing especially in UK start playing My Little circuits with them which is like the all the pubs and stuff and then they'll get picked up by a label or an agent and then they'll just like get bigger and bigger and you get so like I'm so fucking happy for those. Is because it's exciting seeing bands sleeping on your floor or whatever saving people's flaws. And then just growing it's the best even the strut like even the struts. Like I know for a fact like they've been at they've been doing this for like 12 15 years just like slogging slogging it for how many years and then now they've got their break and a lot of people see those bands and go. Oh, well, they just came out of nowhere and like they just got a lucky break. Take and yeah, they did get lucky right where they also have been working fucking hard for it. Yeah part. Unfortunately. We're in a culture where everybody thinks everything is instantaneous and it's like no you have to put in you have to put in the work man. Like you don't become famous overnight and if you do like wow, like you were on Tick-Tock and it blew up right but like how what's the longevity of that? You know? Yeah exactly the bands that lost thought the Rolling Stones and all those guys. It's grafting and it's it's like if I if I didn't play as cliche as it sounds if I didn't pay you. I didn't know I don't know what I would do. That's those are the sorts of bands that loss. Yeah, and I really Go the Distance so yeah, man. Yeah long live rock baby. I'm role. Well, thank you very much for having me. Yes. Thank you. Do you want to plug yourself a little bit you want to talk about where people can find you on the internets and all that jazz. Yeah, so you can find Raven I or it's Raven I one word on everything Instagram Facebook Twitter. And then my personal share is a drama Breeze one word BR W ZD like the wind on like Instagram Facebook Twitter as well. So yeah, I am currently in my little sheds that I have for the top of my garden and I would like rig out to be a little drum studio. So I post videos pretty much every day when I'm not on tour playing live shows. So yeah, you might you might see me doing some CrossFit. Push-ups in PE we help. Haha. Awesome. Well, thank you so much for being on Brandy is going to hell Adam. Thank you Brandy for having me. It's been Wicked to this has been a catch-up really hasn't it? Yeah, it has cool. Thank you very much having me thank you so much for tuning in to Brandy is going to hell and listening to my interview with Adam Breeze of Raven. I I'm so excited. And for all the music and store from that band, you can follow me everywhere online at Brandy Lucas. That's Brandi with an i Lucas with a K. Except Tick-Tock. That's at Brandy is going to hell until next time be nice to animals. Be nice to people call your grandma and rock the fuck out.