Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit? Anyways, it's still really cool. So we're just going to Dive Right In so last week we talked about microevolution. So how everything changed within a single gene pool this week. We're talking really about speciation the actual Origin of Species not the book but how species actually originated. So we're looking at macro-evolution this time so that's change above the species level. So we are going to focus on the biological species concept. There's a bunch of others bunch of other species Concepts out there that we're going to address a couple of them towards the end, but we're really going to focus on the biological species concept because that's the one that most people use or most people think of when they talk about what the fuck is species actually is So in this idea a species is when you have a population or group of populations whose members have the potential to breed and very importantly produce viable fertile offspring. So in other words, they are reproductively compatible so they can have the babies with each other. Their babies can have the babies. There's babies babies can have the babies all the way down the line now when you have a new species forming what you Up with is reproductive isolation because we do care about whether or not they can fuck each other and have babies. So reproductive isolation is any sort of barrier that prevents members of two species from producing viable fertile offspring and because they're not producing viable fertile offspring. They are two different species according to this definition. There's a shit ton of reproductive barriers. There are negative. M. Hey and they are grouped whether they are prezygotic or postzygotic. Hopefully, you know what those words mean zygote is where the egg is fertilized by the sperm. So you have barriers that happened before that happens. So it's something that either keeps them from mating or prevents fertilization from happening and then post I got it barriers or something that prevents the zygote from actually developing into a viable reproductively successful organism. So we're going to run through all these real quick. And this is the really interesting shit when it comes to how species actually come about so kind of from the most reproductively isolated to the least. Here we go. First up we're going to talk about habitat isolation. So it's a type of prezygotic barrier. So prezygotic barriers are more isolated than postzygotic because it's happening before the zygote actually happens. So habitat habitat isolation got a little excited. There are talking about all this sex habitat isolation is when they are physically separated, They're not even in the same fucking place. So how the hell are they going to reproduce if they're not even in the same region? So that's super obvious. Next up is temporal or temporal part of both ways temporal temporal temporal isolation. That is where things are mating at different times. I might be different times of day. It's usually like different times of the year like you're ready to breed early in the season and I'm not ready to breed until later in the season. You're not going to I can wait around for me to get ready. You want your babies now, you're going to have your babies now. Okay, so you're going to find somebody who's ready to make some babies before I'm good. Next up is behavioral isolation. So this is where you're going and you basically have different tastes. That's where sexual selection comes in. So there's some you're not even mating yet. You're just don't find them attractive. So you're not even going to try. So those three are like super isolated where you're not even attempting. The make babies with you're not even mating. You're not even trying you're just saying, nope. No, thank you. Move it the fuck along not getting with this Deuces gooses. See you later. Now. My favorite one is the most isolated that happens. With a mating attempt and it's called mechanical isolation and it's basically the dick doesn't fit into the lady bits. Pretty much the parts don't match up. And you know, when you talk about this in class your lot more, you know, careful with what you're saying use the snails and there's like I think it's like clockwise and counterclockwise and their mating bits are on one side and they can't get the mating Parts the lineup basically the any and the Audi don't fit together. So they are mechanically separated. And they just can't get the p in the v it's just doesn't work. So that's my favorite mechanical isolation. No p in the v because the shit don't fit. Now assuming that the shit don't don't fit suing the shit does fit the p in the V. They made it looks like it works, but you can get comedic isolation. And that's where the sperm won't even fertilize the egg. You can do the deed. You can do the nasty. You can flock you can do whatever you want to call it. But the sperm will not fertilize the egg that's comedic isolation. And that's the least isolated. You can get as a prezygotic barrier because anything further along its pose. I got its a sperm does fertilize the egg and that's where we get three different things. So you have the zygote and it can either develop into a grow sickly not healthy. Individual hey that's called reduced hybrid viability. So that's where the hybrid the F1 generation the first Offspring. They're just not that viable. So they exist but it's something you don't want it's gross. It's shit. It's garbage nothing. Beyond that is reduced hybrid fertility. That's what you get with ligers and tie gones and mules and hinnies where you get that F1 generation. You get the first generation hybrid, but it is not fertile so you can get a totally healthy Offspring but it's never going to have babies of its own. And then lastly the least reproductively isolated scenario is called hybrid break day hybrid breakdown. And hybrid breakdown is where you might get that F1 and it's totally healthy. It might even be able to reproduce and make an F2 so you can get grandkids of the initial cross, but that's going to be a little sickly may not even give you an F 3 so it's that break down as you go through and it just doesn't make what you're trying to trying to do anything. It just sucks. So F1 might be good. If 2 is little F 3 is just shit F4 doesn't even exist. So those are different types of reproductive barriers going from most isolated to least isolated real quick. Its habitat isolation temporal isolation behavioral isolation. Those all happened before the mating attempt. Then you have mechanical isolation my favorite comedic isolation those all happen post mating but pre fertilization and then that leads us to our post. I got it barriers reduced. liability reduced hybrid fertility and hybrid breakdown So those are all types of reproductive isolation that's important when you're talking about the biological species concept, but like I said, there were other types of species concept. There's the morphological concept which is where the species are determined by body shape size other structural features. So morphological stuff the body there's ecological species, which is defined by the role or the niche within the community. There's a phylogenetic concept where it's based on common ancestry and the tree of life. There's a bunch of others. But those are kind of the you know, the big three runner-ups most people look at it as the biological species whether or not they're able to make those viable offspring. And no matter which one you're really talking about. But really focusing on the biological but it does work on all the others. There's really two ways that speciation comes into effect. You can have allopatric speciation or sympatric speciation now Patrick it has the same root as like patriotic it has to do with Homeland allopatric a low means other SIM means together like symbiosis. I working together. So allopatric speciation is where the populations are geographically isolated. So that goes way back to the habitat isolation that we talked about the prezygotic barriers. It's caused by some sort of geological event or something where the populations get physically separated and then the evolution between the species or I shouldn't say between the species the evolution of the single species into new species is a result of natural. natural selection or genetic drift I sympatric speciation is when the ranges of the two populations are overlapping. So this happens through a bunch of different things where you have polyploidy having an effect in preventing gene flow. You have sexual selection selecting for or against something creating two different subpopulations. You have habitat differentiation. You can have all sorts of stuff happening. We're even though there's overlapping range, even though they could reproduce if they wanted to for whatever reason they're not so this is getting too like the behavioral isolation level. Maybe even the temporal or temporal isolation. but with that In plants, you can have this process known as Auto polyploidy where you end up with extra sets of chromosomes because cell division just gets fucked up. So instead of being two in suddenly all of us. I almost said suddenly all of a sudden fuck it's late in the day mistakes happen. Suddenly all of a sudden you go from being a to an individual to foreign your now tetraploid instead of diploid and maybe you end up being like octopus Lloyd or deck employed or whatever the fuck you call six up Lloyd sex up Lloyd. I'd almost sounds weird. But that's just Auto polyploidy where you just spontaneously become polyploid and that kind of isolates you from being able to reproduce with another individual but what it can allow is reproduction with yourself. So plants can be you know, according to the biological model become reproductive ice reproductively isolated in a single generation through this process of Auto polyploidy. Now there is this idea of a low polyploidy not to be confused with auto polyploidy. It's a low polyploidy where you can have two species producing a weird-ass hybrid that then can reproduce with itself may be reproduced with one of the Little parent species, but you just end up with something that has a brand new employee number and is unique from either of the species that it came from. So that's kind of fucking cool and that brings us to hybrid zones, which is where you have the these reproductive barriers just kind of starting so you don't have complete reproductive isolation. It's where it's just starting to happen and you really you have three Options when you have these hybrid zones the hybrid Zone B could be reinforced where it keeps separating. Further and further apart. So the hybrids become more and more different from each other. Eventually where the two sub populations are no longer subpopulations of their own unique populations. So think disruptive selection that we talked about last time where it's just pulling apart gradually and they become so separated that they can't reproduce with each other. So that's the reinforcement of the hybrid Zone you're reinforcing that reproductive barrier. That's where it comes from. You can have Fusion where you pull the hybrids back into one population So that's like you're starting to separate but then for variety of reasons to stay the same population. You become more similar. And there's a really good visualization of this on the slides on the website biology for bastards.com. It wouldn't be a show now if I didn't plug the website and then the last one is stability where you're not becoming more different but you're not becoming more similar. You're just kind of maintaining that distance apart where you might have some that can make hybrids, but not every individual. so that's the ability then we got a bunch of fucking examples of bears and shit that can make hybrids like you take the grizzly in the polar and you can get The Growler bear or The Paisley bear and you can mix this bear with that bear and that all this other shit just examples of hybrids hybrids owns Growler bears were busily bears are becoming more common as Polar Bears or having them migrate south or navigate South as the sea ice is not existing. So they're starting to overlap with the grizzly territory. They can make viable Offspring. So that's a fun little thing. I don't know if Growler Bears can reproduce so I don't know if that's you know hybrid break down or reduce hybrid fertility. I don't know which scenario that is but polar bears and grizzly bears are unique species. So there's something going on there. And then kind of summing everything up it's far as measuring how quickly all this shit's happening. There's two areas of thought there's the field of gradualism and the way of thinking called punctuated equilibrium. So how quickly are these changes happening. So gradualism as the name implies happens gradually big fucking surprise there. Okay, so, You have a common ancestor and you just slowly shifting into a new one. And in contrast to that is punctuated equilibrium. So equilibrium, you stay the same punctuated. There's little periods in there where there's rapid change. So you maintain for a long time then conditions change the organisms are forced to change very quickly, but they maintained for a while until something else changes in their Force to change again, so it's believe that most things most things. Evolve through punctuated equilibrium not everything but that's the idea. And with that that brings us to the end of chapter 24 the Origin of Species and yeah kind of a short Evolution one compared to the other ones, but it does have some of my favorite material in it. So this brings us to the end. We do all the fun shit like follow us on the Twitter Facebook. Instagram we're at Bayou for bastards on all of those check out our website biology for bastards.com where we've got all the should I don't I don't know if I'd call them show notes. We got power points that you can follow along with for each episode the archive of every episode. We've done a little bit about me the host contact form if you want to send us something shout out where you have any Has any ideas anything you like or don't like I'm always open for suggestions to make this better keep spreading the word rating subscribing going on. I still rap a little shit. I don't know what it's called going on Apple podcast and giving us a five star review say something nice so I can read it and feel good about myself and just tell everybody, you know, because we're getting towards the end. I think we're in single digits episodes until the end of the season there will definitely be a season 2. I'm working on I'm coming up with ideas. So when this one's done do not be upset. It will be a short break after you know, the next seven episodes. That's what we've got left and we'll be back. I feel like that was a super awkward transition or super awkward. Lull think so. I'm just going to shut up our intro and outro music is the song Phil and goodbye purple planet music. I've been your host John Dodie and until next time. Thanks for listening. I have to say anger has been a fucking amazing for help put together biology for bastards. I tried another website that hosts a podcast and was just bullshit. But anchor it's free. I can do everything from an app. I can record and edit stuff right on the computer within the browser makes it so fucking easy. It sends it out to all the different places where you're listening right now. They're making me money, which is a fucking amazing. So it's everything you To make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started now. There are so many fucking music apps these days. There's this one and that one and the fruit one and this other one, you know, the only one that I use Spotify because not only the great for music but it's also amazing for podcast like this one. You don't even need a premium account to listen to the podcast. They're all for fucking free the huge catalog everything shit ton all over the place including biology for bastards, which is how you might be listening right now. So you can follow your favorite. Some Spotify if you're a premium user like myself, you can download the listen offline whenever you want. You can share with your friends on Instagram. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for biology for bastards and Spotify and make sure you follow me. So you never miss an episode biology for bastards. So you may have just heard Ned, but I can't end with an ad. So just wanted to say follow us on Twitter at Bayou for bastards are intro and outro music. It's filling. Goodbye purple planet music. Don't forget to rate subscribe. Tell everybody know about it. And again, thanks for listening.