Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule was going to be difficult for their home life. She's got a family and you know, she was asking me for advice on is it something that I should do or not do is it something they should do sorry and is it worth it or should they look for other avenues or keep looking for the quote unquote ideal situation and my response was Pretty straightforward and oh so shockingly transparent and I responded with a simple sentence. How bad do you want it? period period it's that simple. You can ask any nurse at any level in their career and the one common theme that all nurses have had to experience is sacrifice. We have all had to sacrifice some greater than others some more often than others. We all have had to make. Some pretty life-changing sacrifices to stand where we are standing now where we would like to stand later. For instance when I decided I wanted to go to to become an RN I would had already been through two careers. I was already out adulting. I was on the cusp of my my my 30th birthday and here I was deciding to go back to school for a third time in a field that It was completely out in left field for my life trajectory. Meaning that like nursing was not on the table. Ever at any point during my conversations with my family friends or you know my mentors. It was due to a personal experience. I had and I felt so motivated that it was just something that I wanted to do and I was completely delusional on what nurses do. So, thankfully I ended up catching the bug but in order for me to go back to this and that was a diploma program in order for me to go back to the diploma program. I had to move back in with my mom and dad. I was 30 years old. And I had to move back in with Mom and Dad and live in the room upstairs because I had to save money because I had no other ways of paying for school. And then I took my tail between my legs and ask my mom and dad to not only move back in with them. But I had asked them for money pretty sure it was for either the application fee or for the down payment on something. that was the first of many sacrifices that I had to make as a nurse when I decided to go back and become a nurse practitioner I had to make Amazing sacrifices in order to get through that. In fact, it was so difficult for me that after the first or second semester. I actually had contemplated quitting because it was so stressful because it was still so hard because nobody explained to me that it was going to be this intense I was commuting to a school that was 70 plus miles away. So it was a one-way Drive of an hour and a half or longer. I was commuting there several times a week and I was going I was still working. I did that for two years. During that time during the last two if not three semesters can remember now. I think it was three semesters. I had to do clinical rotations that were in the same area. Another 70 miles away. I was getting up early driving down coming back. And I remember having to stay in a hotel down in the the town where the the the hospital was where I was doing my clinical rotations because it was where I knew I needed to be it was the experience that I needed to have as a student in a in a busier ICU setting I could have done something easy close to home. But I wouldn't have learned what I needed to learn. I wouldn't have experienced the things that I saw as a student that prepared me for when I got out there working in the real world as an MP. The point is everybody has to make sacrifices. You have to excuse me. I was yawning because I'm exhausted here. Everybody makes a fucking sacrifice in order to become a nurse. I don't know of anyone who doesn't sacrifice whether you sacrifice finances you sacrifice time you sacrificed rest and sleep because when you're in school, you ain't sleeping sleeping is fucking optional. So you're going to be up most of the time either going to class going to clinicals studying. Doing projects traveling the sacrifices are never going away. And then when you're out there working in the war the the world of nursing you're going to continue to make sacrifices for the good of your career for the good of your sanity. You're going to make more sacrifices. The shit is not easy. And anyone that told tells you that it's easy or that it came easy or didn't come without sacrifice is flatlined you everyone who is a nurse anyone in the nursing field hell anyone in the medical field can tell you they didn't get where they are without making life-altering sacrifices So if you're interested in continuing with this particular profession, whatever stage you're in whether you're thinking about it, whether you're applying for it, or you're in it in school or you're out there working and you plant have an interest in advancing your career. The term and the function of sacrificing is never going away. Something as simple as sacrificing time spent with family and friends, it's some to some it's you know, it's it's not as important in the overall picture, but it's still a sacrifice. Everybody's sacrifice is weighted differently is measured differently. What is a sacrifice to me might not be a sacrifice to someone else and vice versa. And things get complicated when going to school affects your everyone around you. So if you have a family of a house, you have a mortgage and your adulting with children then yeah, the sacrifices are going to be immense. But I still think they're worth it. I love this profession. I love everything it has given me and I think it's every sacrifice and I've made has been worth it. It has been slow and calculated but every sacrifice and I've made has put me in a position of improvement and happiness in some way in my career and also in my personal life. So for those of you who are thinking about it, you better be willing to make as many sacrifices as it takes. Another episode down. What do you think going to keep rolling them out? I'm liking the convenience. I can actually record this stuff on my iPad, which is kind of cool. Hopefully the sound isn't horrible. If you are still with me, I'd love to hear from you head over to the Anchor app shows you how tired I am head over to the Anchor app where you can actually send me a message. Let me know what you think. Send me your recommendations topic suggestions and above all else regardless of what podcasting podcasting catching app you use to listen to this podcast. I'd love for you to leave me a rating and review until next time. Make sure you check your own pulse first.