It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe not again until next December where I'm going to direct and lead the show. I don't really know but I think this will be the 18th episode and I think it will be the final episode of the Season as in you know, we don't really have too many things that are happening right now that are like telling us its end times. back when we first started the program we started having these prophecies, you know that we had within our self come to flourish and come the fluency and come to the floor and you know make appearance that we thought that it might actually be in the times and of course after, you know the time that we've waited in the time that we've seen the World Go On Carry On from one year to another year and that You know, the ultimate scare idea of you know, it's going into a new year seven years are going to be up seven days and all that type of thing, you know, maybe we'll be better in touch to talk about end times next December when we perhaps go into the same cycle of thinking the end of the world is going to happen because we are coming to a new year, but maybe that's all we have for the show. Oh and tell, you know, we've see some more identifiers that let us know, you know, okay, we have plagued going on, you know, the plague or the virus the coronavirus that's out there that's infecting people over 3000 people have died from this virus and started in China its most prevalent in Hong Kong. It's all over the world and it is even now in the US. In Washington and in California, so, you know, there's the epidemic young people are unaffected by old people can die from it and young people are more at risk to are more likely to come out of it. All right. There was a 19 year old that did die from it. So, you know overall it's very dangerous virus that's out there and I heard that it started from a bat and I hope that's not to go to show that when I have my alcoholic drink and I say give me a bat out of hell, which is Bacardi rum Bacardi bat mixed with a Sprite or Red Bull. And that's my go-to drink. So to say that it comes from a bath. I don't know some people could say Joe you're making a connection between something that doesn't mean anything and something that's got the whole world population scared of germs again, and I would say I know I know I know. But isn't it kind of something that you would think about and it's like I don't know what part I play in all of this. I don't know what part of you know religion I am whether it's just to be a profit of one man man, or you know, I'm supposed to do something amazing. I got doc season coming up I got You know a different type of business that I'm going to be focusing on rather than the podcasting granted. I like podcast, you know, I went to school for broadcasting. I was on the radio. I played music at a strip club, you know for a while there and I really got out of my comfort zone and went into solo hosting, you know podcast series started with Heaven and Hell and of course, I don't want to replay my resume, but I've had experience doing this. I do enjoy it, but let's face it. It's not bringing in the Box. I do appreciate each and every listener that Tunes in and if you like what I present and you like my work so far be sure to check out our dreams which I will continue to carry on because dreams is something I can carry on more efficiently as I do have dreams every now and then that I can care to share on a podcast series and do some analysis of those the Episodes are going to die down a little bit. I know we went heavy there for December January and February, but now that we're getting into the spring. There's going to be more activity, you know, that was kind of like a winner program that we were on, you know doing so many episodes. So we're going to take it down a couple notches. And you know, you might get maybe a few episodes a month or two or three or four once a week, you know with dreams maybe once a week and no end times will See what is on the surface is one of those on the platter for you know the podcast and career of Joe Wilmot or the radio broadcasting career of Joe Wilmot Forge a chw broadcasting but suck a little bit about this coronavirus. This coronavirus is spread through contact through liquid through sneezing coughing getting your germs on one another. I know we don't think about it every day that were adding our germs but just touching the railing at wherever you're at work or whether you're in not you're at the gym, you know swimming in the same pool or anything, you know germs from people to people shaking somebody's hand, you know is the spread of germs, you know, and now everybody's you know, so, you know concern with germs and it's got a it's got a fever too. It's got a fever to the to the outbreak of gems the Coronavirus This is taking all the it's killing people not a joke. It's not a joke. It's not funny because it's a serious thing but it could be a plague. You know, it could be a plague brought on by one of the four horsemen men to you know, cause suffering in people, you know, what's next famine does does this virus get into the food supply, you know, does it start with this? That's what we have to wonder on end. Times does it start with this? Does it move into you know famine does famine caused scare sness of food, which calls violent outbreak in war then your judgment Weighing on you know, what's right and what's wrong in complete and utter chaos amongst everybody not to mention. The next presidential election is going to come up in November and there's going to be a new person in the white house or the either that or Trump will remain in the White House. And then you have to see if you know, he takes his politics to his religion and then he starts saying that he's going to he's the new God or Antichrist or whatever, you know does does he go that far? I don't think we're there. I think this is just a scare. We've seen time and time again, you know National, you know news coverage of whether that's that's been bad. That's cause you know hurricanes volcanoes earthquakes and those things have happened. In but they haven't caused solely the movement into end times as you know, some other scares and we have to think about this one. We have to think does this one is this one going to move us in there or is it just a scarce scared tactic right. Now that that that I'm using as part of the show to get you to believe that it is in times, but I don't want you to believe that I don't want you to believe that it is in times and you should go stock up on On food and that you should you know stay away from people and you should barricade yourself inside your house and you you shouldn't have any contact with the outside world. I don't believe that I believe just carry on doing your daily routine and you know, we'll see what happens but you know, this virus is very dangerous and it is very, you know disturbing to know that it's spread so easily so quickly and you know, some people have died from the flu this year so many people have died from Corona, you know, you know To the say the least. You know people die from sickness, you know, there is an overwhelming amount of sickness and when we look at, you know people who are mentally sick. We don't we don't say oh, well, you know, they're mentally sick. So, you know, they're going to die from their illness, you know, they could from suicide but I mean that's an action based upon how they feel but it's not necessarily like they're sick and it causes them to die is more of like a mental sickness. just causes them to perceive the world in a different way and allows them to You know be healthy in terms of you know, physical health not mental health, but maybe physical health. We're gonna take a quick break and we'll come back and finish up your episode and your season one oven times. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anger will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So you want an update on this on how many people it's affecting is says over 90,000 people have come down with the Infectious coronavirus 90,000 people. They put them in quarantine. They put them in hospitals. They put you know, you know breathers over their mouth so they don't have to breathe in other people's Germs is just crazy. It's you know, the start of something. I don't want to have to come back on in a couple of months and be like, all right, folks were really in the midst of many times right now. But you know, my life has been gone fairly good. My my business is starting to be successful and you know, I'm starting to get listeners, which I really appreciate from end times, you know, but if you guys still want to listen to me talk and kind of do like a Freudian, you know, like a Carl Jung. You know psychoanalysis of dreams and how it relates to Waking Life and sleeping Life by all means tune into dreams. I don't really have too much to go on but this is perhaps the biggest thing to go on right now in the biggest thing to talk about is this coronavirus within times, but I don't want to do that to put people in a panic or Scare about. Okay. Well, you know now we're moving into plague War. famine and judgment, so overall just kind of do your thing as you do date today notice that this is the completion of season one and I do appreciate your listening. You can listen to any of the episodes again, they'll be available. I'm not going to remove any of them. If you saw the Joe show out there by Joe will my bet that is removed. I no longer have that in works. And in the summertime, I'm thinking about going back into doing sports. And in sports show just talking about football talking about basketball Hockey baseball, you know all the things that I'm interested in and you know, just kind of doing that type of a podcast Sports podcast show maybe maybe not we'll see where it goes from here and and everything that's involved with it, you know, whatever can provide success in interest in broadcasting. I think the number one thing I want to focus on right now is just 1 - oh, I don't want to focus on two shows. I want to focus on dreams and I want to get the scare away from people about you know, we are moving into end times repent repent repent. Although you should repent and you know saying, okay Jesus as your savior and you know, the Lord will come again and saying that you know, you know, you've done wrong and ask for forgiveness for sins. I went to church on a Wednesday went to church yesterday, you know getting a lot of church in my life and you know getting a lot of TCT total Christian television all they they talk about preaching the gospel, but they also ask for your money and awful lot so I don't want to do that. I'm just here to having fun on the microphone and you know enjoying this look at the statuses of where people are coming from to look at the you know, listener account and who's listening and from where that's just kind of exciting to me. So if any of you want to make contact feel free to leave a comment, I'm excited about that, but you don't really this coronavirus is a big scare. It's in California and it's in Washington right now not Washington DC but Washington, Oregon and it's really something that you got to watch out for you guys stayed clean and wash your hair wash your hands wash your body. Take care of yourself have good hygiene. Gene and when you go to the grocery store buy your food rinse off the pears if you buy some pears and you know, they just been sitting there, you know, peel off the skins and eat them and wash your hands after before you peel off the Skins, you know, all that type of thing. I'm just saying that because I had pairs the other day and they were delicious. But yeah, anyways, that is my business that is Echo doc service taking off here in March going to be getting some calls for doing service for that. You know, it's really just kind of a serious ride just talked about, you know end times and you know things that are happening according to and I kind of share things about my personal life to so glad to know that you guys enjoy listening glad to know that you guys, you know, find me somewhat intoxicating to Into as in you, enjoy The Voice or you enjoy the story or whatever it is that being said but last means last and that means this is the last episode one last thing about the coronavirus is don't be scared live in faith live with God live that God will provide you and deliver you from everything that is you know- you know. One thing that we know about China is that China is not allowed to have a Ville same thing with North Korea, you know, they're not allowed to have Bibles Christian Bibles in their homes or anything because it's not a belief that they're allowed to have. They're not allowed to believe in Christianity. So maybe one reason why they're being you know targeted or have the outbreak in China not saying it's because they don't believe in Christianity, but I'm just saying, you know, perhaps Is one reason why it was their first rather than in another part of the world that is you know, combined with different types of cultures and different types of religions and belief systems. Anyways, don't say I'm not I'm the guy making the connections because I am don't say I'm not making connections that aren't true because the Bat Out of Hell the, you know origin of Corona, you know, the origin of all All of this in Christianity in China, I'm not making connections. I'm just Saying you know, I don't know who I am or what part of all this. I have to play I'm just a guy who gets on a podcast who's getting ready for Doc season was just saying stuff to whatever comes to his mind so he can have a podcast show and people can listen and he can see where they're from and you know collect the penny on a list. That's all I'm here for. So if you like that the names Jill Wilmot angers chw broadcasting you just heard an load of end times season finale Coronavirus