Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession. I've worked in the chemical industry for many many years before I was chair of the health and safety executive so I know about regulation as well and I currently do a whole range of things in a portfolio career including chairing make UK or trade body for manufacturing skills body for engineering manufacturing. So I'm still pretty active across the whole engineering and Manufacturing Spectrum, but I'm going to talk today about my building regulation review. Okay? Yeah great, sir. It's certainly something for a company like ours in in construction your review, you know is yeah, we're certainly was one of the most talked about talked about things but obviously partly because of a tragedy itself, but also I suppose what that review means for the rest of the industry really so suppose a good place to good place to start is it would be useful to get a kind of a high-level the the initial objective or aims of what you've set out to do before entering into the the body of work. Okay. So let's go back then to July 2017 a month after the grunfeld tragedy had happened the Secretary of State for communities and local government contacted me at that point and asked me if I would conduct an independent review of building regulations. And the reason for it was that in those weeks immediately after the grenfell tragedy when people hoped against hope hope that maybe groennfell was going to turn out to be a one-off and there was something very specific about that building that had left it in a very hazardous State and able to burn a very quickly became clear that that was not the case that there were many more buildings with similar cladding systems. But even more than that when people looked beyond the cladding at other features of the buildings of high-rise buildings in particular, Level of concern around the way in which buildings had been constructed and were being maintained and refurbished really raised a lot of concerns. And so the question that I was asked by the Secretary of State back then was how did this happen? And can you make some recommendations for how we need to restructure building and fire safety regulations in order to achieve a more robust regime for the future. Okay. Okay. So and when the actual review came out, I think there was a suppose a bit of initial, you know concern in terms of just how much change involved for the over the construction industry some of the stuff which I had talked about was like we use of combustible materials were role of the approved approved inspector as well. And as far as how that changed and maybe been a bit of a country one of the contributing factors so from a spaceship from Will point of view what do you what do what do you think your work if you like means for the rest of the industry as a whole? Okay, let me answer the first bit first. So there's yes. There was a lot of reaction a lot of different reactions at the time when the report came out. So I mentioned earlier that I started working July 2017. I published my diagnosis of what I thought was wrong with the system by Christmas of that same year. R so in six months it became absolutely clear to me that there was a systemic failure in the way. The system is set up was supposed to work on the one hand but actually didn't work in practice in that way. The reason it was so easy for me to get to that conclusion. So quickly was because I didn't have to go digging to find it people told me what was wrong people already knew what was wrong with the system. So it was relatively Forward to put that diagnosis together and what was really interesting was how quickly people rallied to support that diagnosis and say yet. We've been saying this for a long time and we really welcome someone coming in and saying this however what people also said was people have said this before but nothing's changed. So what are you going to do? That's different. So then my tasks from Christmas of that year through two met when my final report came out was to say so, how are we going to restructure this? How are we going to do it differently by then? I think people were very much focused on the number of buildings out there that had flammable materials on in particular cladding. Yeah, so there was a whole wave of people who were focused on if we can only get rid of all of the cladding this From will be fixed and that's not true. If we remove remove all flammable clothing from high-rise buildings and replace it with something that is non-flammable. We will fix one part of the problem. But what my focus was on by May of 2018 was how do we change this system in order to ensure that buildings are designed properly built safely and maintain I'm safely throughout their life cycle and that is not simply about saying what can or cannot be put on the outside of the building in the form of clothing. Okay, and and I suppose that's a really good part in I suppose in some way goes in part to kind of explaining how you know industry got into that position or always got into a position which its which is in now, but what when you make when you serve a kind of key Foley as what do you have? What do you think they they were for someone? Hasn't perhaps read ver hold review. Okay, so bear in mind that my focus my primary focus was on the regulatory system and it and the first thing you have to understand is what I mean by a regulatory system. And as I said in my introduction, I have a pretty good idea of what good regulation looks like having having been chair of a regulatory body for almost a decade and a very good regulatory system at the heart of what HSE do does for a good auditory system to work. It has to have good clear requirements of people. It has to be unambiguous. It has to have sanctions that are meaningful but also incentives for the right Behavior. So the overall system needs to drive people to do the right thing. And at the heart of all of that there needs to be a good regulator as well as clear. Well written rules and guidance on what people should be doing. What I found in my review was virtually none of those things existed. The regulations themselves were and I believe still are okay in many ways in terms of they are non-prescriptive. They are outcomes-based, but then what people actually refer to as the regulations or is actually guidance, but people use that guidance as a set of rules currently and they game the system Based on those so-called that guidance which they interpret as rules and there's very much a game going on out there of if the guidance doesn't say I can't do it. Then I will assume I can and if you don't have a good regulator who is not picking that up and doesn't have the means to and by means I mean both resources and sanctions to be able to Step in and stop the bad behavior, then that sort of gaming of the system and what I call him. I report a race to the bottom can happen and that's exactly what has happened. People know they can get away with it. So they do the whole system is driven by a very adversarial Contracting system and a very tight costing system which drives people to bid for. X knowing that they're going to have to cost cut or value engineering as we choose to call it. But what they really mean is cutting costs wherever they can so the whole system's got to change and we got a fact take get the focus away from how can we do this job as cheaply as possible and walk away and leave the problems for someone else to fix to one where everybody feels collectively responsible for delivering safe buildings and the bus bus really interesting because a natural you No, as you say that the race to the bottom and the kind of suppose of a kind of environment when which companies are forced to operate and now we're you know, we all hear about tighter fees and tie to margins being being just being relevant to to to anyone working on a project really is under that sort of commercial pressure. Does that mean that the regulation needs to be stronger or that like there needs to be more of an emphasis on on good good practice. I think it's a bit. Folks really the regulations need to be better written first of all and by that, I mean they need to be very clear on who's responsible for what part of the problem with the the way the regulatory system is is constructed right now is that it reflects the fragmented nature of the industry and allows people to Simply go. That's not my problem. It's somebody else's and if you compare that with the Wait, this industry already knows it has to operate in relation to Workforce health and safety that's not allowed. It's very clear in Workforce health and safety terms who are the duty holders at any key point in a project execution and we've got to move to that same kind of clarity around responsibilities during design construction and ongoing occupation and maintenance of buildings. We After have that same approach to ensuring that building safety and residents safety is regarded in the same way as being someone's clear responsibility just as we would with the safety of anyone who is working on the site. Okay, so maybe a better emphasis on stronger accountability. Yeah. Okay. And what was out of Interest what were the kind of things you spotted which you sort of thought we spotted some of the wrong word but like spotted which What were the things which surprised you actually thought, you know, we should already be this should only be here very this could be a very long podcast surprise me. Let me give you some examples. So you've heard already in my introduction. I came to this from outside of the construction industry. I came from the chemical industry. So I started asking some questions in the very early stages which didn't get the answers I expected so when you say to people so You start out with a design. Yes. So then when you make changes to that design, how does that get approved and recorded? No answers in lots of cases to that question because of the way contracts are set up because of the way the architect or the designer at the initial phase of the building hands that over and and and moreover is then barred from having any role in the the project as it's executed further on in the process. There is no means in this current system of ensuring that what you set out to build is what actually gets built that's not to say that I come from an industry that never makes changes every industry makes changes, but they have to be properly engineered properly reviewed and they have to be reviewed against the set of design criteria that says if we change this if we substitute This cheaper material or this alternative material or we design it in a different way. Does that still meet the original object? Does that meet the original intention and how can we be confident of that? first of all And secondly, how can we record this in such a way that people who are going to look after this building for the future actually know what they're starting with because if they go back to a set of drawings that are not what was built. How can we expect them to manage and maintain that building safety safely? If they don't know what they started with what I've just described to you is what I call talked about in my review of needing that golden. Read that runs throughout the whole of the whole of a building's life cycle. I don't think it's a big deal because in any other industry sector, it's commonplace. It's the norm the thing I find surprising about this sector is it seems such a big deal Mmm Yeah. I think there's a certainly in you're not sure if your degree of this pit in construction was a bit of Silo mentality around sort of where stuff is so we've got some information here some information. They're the drawings are kind of in this other system which you know, some people have got access to and the again there's sort of talk of a golden Freddy I think is a bit daunting for companies who are along who are potentially a long way away from that. So be helpful. I supposed to break it down into you know into what it really means in pragmatic terms for somebody, you know on a building project now or a, you know, a main contractor, for example, okay. Two things. First of all there needs to be a record somewhere of what it is you have actually built and that that record is necessary for a whole range of purposes. It's that it's required. I believe for the people who are going to use the building whether they be P residents whether it's a school or a hospital or residential building that same principle applies that whoever takes over. Management of that building in occupation and use needs to know what it is. They've got they need to know what they can and what they can't do the basic design principles. What are the main safety critical features of that building? So it's important from that respect. It's also important that emergency services know what the critical features of that building are whether it's for firefighting whether it's Actual so I just find this whole shroud of secrecy in this sector somewhat surprising. I think you have to revisit that I think you have to look again. And I think you have to do that through a very different lens which is what really matters here. Is that the buildings that you design and build our for a purpose and one of the fundamental purposes of every building that you create whatever your role is that it is safe for the people who are going to use it. Yeah, and the as a point you mentioned before around there being a slight lack of accountability around who's responsible for what would you say that because the kind of things you're talking about a golden Freddy, you know needing to represent and you know for for verb for the Of the building. Do you think that people involved in the actual construction of a project, you know struggle to lay their hand on, you know, the the information around that you know, operational maintenance design of the buildings. It sounds like that kind of wit same but people involved in a project didn't couldn't he's it couldn't easily give that to sort of a client. Well simple example I said earlier on in this in this discussion that I was very clear in my review that the problem goes much much further than simply cladding cladding is a manifestation of a bigger cultural issue around not doing things in a way that I would regard as good practice. But let's use cladding as an example because when the government announced that it wanted to know how many buildings there were out there and what cladding there was on which buildings my expectation would be that would be that that would be a fairly easy question to answer. It isn't yeah and almost three years after grandfather. We still don't really know whether we've got a foot a complete handle on all of the buildings out there and all of the materials that have been used to Cloud them. There are still examples coming up when people go here's another one now. We need to test other types of cladding. There is no proper inventory that you can refer to and if you compare that with any other sector I find it hard to believe that any other sector would be allowed to get away with that. If you had a car manufacturer saying we've used a faulty part in our cars, but we don't know which cars we've used it in and we don't know which models we've sold to who they would be public outrage because people would know they'd been put at risk because of that. That lack of traceability. Why is it any different in building houses for people to live in so and the so the concept of a golden thread is so because you've worked in other Industries, it sounds sounds business as usual in in in other in other sectors, but but probably probably not in construction kind of as we sit here today, absolutely and and people so this is not just my opinion people have said to me many times in the last three years that this is a sector that Has been slow to innovate. I would also say slow to keep up with available technology. And the whole idea of the golden thread is not rocket science today. There is no reason at all why this cannot all be done. Digitally. We're not talking about creating reams of paperwork for every building that we have. What we are talking about is creating a digital record and keeping that up to date for every building and It's not difficult and beyond beyond the drawings and the kind of a space Vicki Vicki stuff, which you'd hope companies are pretty good at pretty good at organizing when we talk about a digital record. What sort of what sort of things does that need to tell you as a client beyond the sort of the bare facts if you like. Well, it needs to start by telling you what telling you what materials were used how it was designed. What are the key design principles of That building. So for example, when we talk about Residential Properties, one of the key principles is around every apartment needs to be a compartment in its own right and fire safety hinges upon maintaining the Integrity of individual compartments as a way of preventing fire spread. that principle gets compromised very very quickly in buildings in Opera in occupation when people make changes to their properties unwittingly whether it's installing cables knocking walls down because they think there is no reason why they shouldn't there are a number of things that get done in occupation, but there are also things that get done during construction that can compromise the way in which that compartment a June which is so fundamental is it is put together. So unless the people who work on the construction and the people who live in it understand what's really important in the building and why fire doors need to be left closed why they shouldn't change their front doors because the front door is an integral part of that that whole integrals in the Integrity of the structure. It's not just what but why what are the safety critical features that need to be regularly checked and which it really would not be acceptable to change without thinking through again the whole what I call the safety case for the building because at the end of the day high-rise buildings multiple occupancy buildings are complex systems where lots of people interact and it is not Possible to to Simply expect everyone to look after themselves the actions of some people will impact upon the safety of others. So you have to treat it as a complex system and you have to maintain the Integrity of the whole not just the individual Parts. Okay, so it should tell you why the building is the way it is rather than just, you know, rather using your example of a front door rather than just telling in front, you know, my front door. He's is X it should explain. NY it is X yes. Yes and companies now probably wouldn't necessarily always have an always have an audit Trail for that. So because a lot of it does sound to me like, you know, keeping proper audit Trails against project. Exactly. Absolutely and I think that's that's a very good way of looking at it really is it's keeping good records and it's also providing that to the people who need to have it in a variety of roles whether their residents. Who will come along and maintain that building in the future the person who is responsible for managing the building managing the maintenance and safety of the building. They all need to have that information in order to be able to perform their roles and their responsibilities in the future of that building. But before we get to that point, I think we need to come back to the regulatory bit because as I said right at the start of this this was about regulatory failure and we have to change. The way in which we regulate the building of new buildings because right now I think we allow buildings to be built in such a way that people like the fire service are already saying we don't like the way this building has been designed. Please don't build it like that because it will be very difficult for us to fight fires in that building and people don't listen. And take account of that. So we need to change the way in which the approval process of new buildings goes so that the original design gets approved in what I call a safety case approach that says tell me how you can guarantee that this building is going to be safe when it is built. Then when you've built it you have to come back and say now demonstrate to me that you have built what you said you were going to build. And you will not be allowed to put people in it until you have demonstrated the safety case for that building. Does that who does that mean? Who does that mean kind of who did who does who does that mean more work for the regulator or the all those involved in the actual project or both both in a sense? Because the regulator will be tougher and will ask different questions, but the regulator will be asking for proof and demonstration. Stration from the client from from the contractors. So a lot of the owners will fall on those people. Yes, I would say that's entirely reasonable and with good record-keeping and proper discipline around things like change management. It won't be difficult to meet those requirements. We're already seeing a number of businesses who are choosing to be what What the what are called early adopters, so they're not waiting for the regulation. I've talked to a lot of people in construction who in the last three years have said we know we need to change and we're going to get on with it. And I think they're to be applauded for doing that the ones that worry me are the ones who continue to wait for regulation to tell them what they already know they need to do differently. I suppose isn't I did in an Ideal World the regulation represents the the kind of minimum I suppose and you've got got some people who will go over that but it's a minimum which everyone should should kind of aim the level which everyone should should not aim to be at but kind of need Need to be are often funded Construction Industries bit love those concerns what you're saying is there's some there's some so it's pockets of really really good practice. And then there must be beyond the obvious benefit of her being safer buildings for everyone. That sounds just like good business practice which you know must have must make them attractive to clients and all of that good sort of stuff as well. Well, what's really interesting I think is that two and a half years on now almost three years. So coming up with coming up for two almost three years since Granville almost two years since I published my final report. What we're now seeing is that the market is starting to respond to these concerns. So the message has filtered through about the concern about standards of buildings. So when you read as you will do and I have talked to mortgage lenders and insurers who say There are some buildings now, which they send their surveyors out to look at and which they will not give mortgages on. That I think tells you that this is about much more than regulation. This is actually going to put huge pressure on the construction industry from the market. I think and there is no doubt that for those who choose to adopt a positive approach to this as a real opportunity to differentiate yourself from the rest and to see Market Advantage because of it and what of a sort of example positive example disposed of because I think one thing which is Wolfgang across is that not everyone's weight as you say not everyone's waiting for the reg for the regulation and there's a little kind of point in doing that. So what other positive examples positive changes you've observed companies already doing that? There are lots really I think it varies from those who see this as an opportunity not simply to address a failing in terms of meeting regulations. Is or a gradual tailing off in quality of build because I think those things are have been happening. But what people also know and also recognizes that this sector has a productivity Challenge and that may be a number of these issues can be tackled simultaneously by looking at innovative ways of constructing better quality assurance increasing the level of skill. And competence in the people but also using new technology to help improve productivity at the same time. So there is a lot of enthusiasm out there for what this could lead to and how it will change the sector but also as I said, there are still others who are waiting to see what the regulation makes them. Do. I think the biggest challenge in all of this is not getting this right for the future building new. Buildings to the new standards is the easy part and we should be doing that now not waiting for the regulation because people know what's coming. The challenge is going to is and has been for the last three years addressing the issues of those buildings that have been built during the time that the regulations were failing and indeed in the last two or three years since groennfell and we have to address that issue of the existing stock that we have. Where we know there are things that cannot be allowed to continue as they are and what's being what's being done about what's being done about that at the moment from from your from from your point of view. Well government is funding a lot of the cladding replacement which is the most immediate concern, but you only have to read the press to know that that's not happening fast enough. It's leaving an awful lot of people. In high-rise buildings around the country in a highly depressed state and a highly distressed State knowing that they're living in buildings with cladding on the outside. That shouldn't be there not knowing who's going to pay to replace it and knowing that they can't move or sell their property because until the work is done. They have no means to move on and get away from the problem. And that's a terrible dilemma for people to be in. Yeah, I think um, I saw isn't that naturally leads onto the government's response to this because you know that when you when I was doing some research before this for for stuff, which comes up around the government's response is like you site use of substitute products and combustible materials. So what's what's what's your take on the on the government's response so far. I think the government has done a lot. This is an enormous task though an enormous task to to address the Legacy issues. It will never be quick enough. But what I do know is that the industry itself can draw a line in the sand and ensure that the stock of buildings that are in that list of problems doesn't have to get any bigger the sooner we start building to new standards. The sooner we can say the problem ended here and from then on we built to better standards. Because for sure when the regulations do hit the statute books in a year or 18 months, however long it takes they aren't just going to be about new buildings. They are going to be about taking a risk based approach to multiple occupancy buildings that are already there and will require people to go back and fix problems if they haven't already been done. Okay. Well, that's that's really really helpful. I think there's it's First of all useful to break down the kind of Hysteria around with golden Fred and what that means for what that means for businesses, but also for people who haven't read the review it, you know, in full of think this has been been really helpful to give people a summary of it. If there's nothing else you'd like to like to finish with Venom just fact lots of thank you in closing. The one thing I would like to do is to give the industry every encouragement on this and my encouragement would come in this form. You've done it once there was a time when this industry had a terrible reputation for managing the safety of the people who worked on your sites. The number of fatalities that occurred in construction was regarded as unacceptable and needing to be addressed and what I saw during my time at the health and safety executive and with the regulator and the industry working together. There was a massive culture shift in this industry, which said it isn't acceptable to carry on treating the safety of our employees the way we have in the past you succeeded in doing that and you showed the rest of the world what can be done. I think you've got that same opportunity now to show not only that you care about the safety of the people who work on the sites, but the safety of the people who will live in and use the buildings that you construct. I said yeah, really really powerful way to some to end and yeah completely agree with what you've what you've what you've said. We're so thank you very much really insightful talk and yeah, just really appreciate your time coming in. Thanks, dude.