Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily Early to prove a point but God wants you to do it the way he said it, you know, and I mean that's what today's episode is about. It's called do it yourself do it yourself, but with God on your inside, you know what I mean? So I've been given this mandate for years and it's to build industrial parks across Africa and promote Africa's export manufacturing and I'm telling you. Have you ever been in a A place where that particular goal looks so far away. Yeah, just like God. Okay. Can I just borrow and when I walk for somebody who's doing industrial park and trust me guys at the time when God said I should do this Industrial Park stuff. I said to him I was like, how do you want me to do this? Like how do you want me to stop building industrial parks? It cost a hundred million dollars to do one industrial park. That just house is about 20,000 people. Yousa, where do I get the money? Where do I get anything the resources and all those bits in between and boom he's talking about what she was recently told to do which is what do it yourself tell us about that experience. Okay, so I'm a high achiever. So I love to smash goals. I love to do stuff. Yeah, and one of the things on the highlights of my walk with God basically is that me and him will partner to do stuff together even just moving to Nigeria and starting Pioneer in this industry health and fitness because mean just backing to 2013 there was nothing like this in this space, right? And so that was the first one and so obviously every year I try to do something to better the lives of individuals around the world. But Africa is my is my point of call and I have been wanting to do something since for almost a year now and I'm looking for international people that I will collaborate with. Yeah, and then of course I found two. Yeah that I that I was like, you know, I'm going to send him an email. I sent them an email, you know drafted out amazing proposal. I'm like, of course, they're going to jump on this. Yeah, and then the first person to email me back the first company email me back so I can company didn't you may be back for like six weeks and then they did they ask them to fill a form I did and then because yeah, right and then maybe like two months later. I seem to know that email like you're just fooling upright and just this year. So this was in 2019 or 2020 I was praying about it and I just felt gorgeous. You know, sometimes you can tell God's emotion. We are talking to him, right? I just feel like God just giving me the eye like you gotta do it yourself. Can you imagine we do together? Are you needing somebody to why I have called you on this is your point of call. This is the person I've called you to so you're To do it and I'm going to show you how and then this was exactly what I told him. I'm like how you wanted Duong. I said it in PG. Oh my goodness, but those listening out of Nigeria how you want to do. I means how do you want to do this? Like, how do you want to do it? Oh my goodness then and then he was like watching me. Wow. I'm going to show you exactly what you need to do. And then the next day I was just on my computer and he just told me Google this. Hmm, and I did and I started doing some research. And just you know, just the stuff that I came across really it was just like flesh cannot tell me to check this out. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I love it. Right hmm. Just so amazing. You know, the funny thing is that when God gives us that dream and truth be told with me. It's always Grant it's big so our own sort of our mind wants to bring it down to the level that we are currently working on. So that collaboration was your way of interpreting do it. Hmm because in your mind, you're like at my level Not My Level now, I need to collaborate and cause I know y'all ready to be alone. Mmm, you're ready to do this alone. Yes, and a lot of us don't feel ready. And I think that's a message. I just want to tell someone there today. You are ready. You are ready. You've got this because somebody backing you is bigger than you because somebody bigger than you had say go. And I think that we have to come out of this thing where we keep belittling who is on our inside because you just said something that he said go and do this on Google. I thought I was the only one who got tells to go on Google and search some things out. I'm so glad like I don't know if you guys have been the way you just give you a terminology. Like what does that mean? And you get into Google and you're like, wow. Wow. Okay, did you put that there or what's happening? And I think the first thing that I just also want to share is that You know after you look at this plan, there's also a part of you who will always feel fear. How do you handle fear for me? I felt fear in many different ways and many different times. But for me, it's a big part of it is sitting before the Lord. Right? Right and that has always been where I get my courage from II sometimes can be like who's that guy in the Bible again? Who asked God? Good so many times Cyrus know if he should go II forget. Ethically, but always asking are you sure? Yes idiot. Did y'all thank you very much. Sometimes I can be like that. However, sometimes I'm like go after it right but it's just that time sitting before the Lord and letting him point in me knowing that she just said that are we having a conversation as the way he sees Jesus so he sees me right? Where do A seats I sit I sit and so there's nothing that he has for me that I cannot get right as long as I can sit down in his presence and get the strategy that I need when I get the strategy I see how I see the how to to do it in the strategy sitting down there. He can tell me these are the people you need to go to or go here and there maybe you meet someone right? So after so most times I just sit down before the Lord and say I feel fear I'm afraid. Straight like let's be real. There's no. Yeah, you already know how I feel exactly. So I'm afraid right now, but what do you have to do? How would you have to see? I'm not we have to work this out. Have you going to DIA and always always always he has always come through, you know always with the word of encouragement is my spirit strengthen and always ready to go and fight, you know, that's basically how it has been for me and you know, it's so amazing because sometimes we underestimate that we Actually need to be encouraged from time to time. Why did David encouraged himself in the Lord? Why if it's really there was no battle if there was really nothing for him to feel like he's losing Steam on you know, because losing steam does not necessarily mean you have lost faith, you know, it doesn't mean that and I think that for some people out there who may be listening you feel like because you are no longer excited and it's like nothing spectacular is happening. You feel like you're losing your faith. Not true. Like, you know boom he just said, how about going back to God and just being like God I'm actually tired, you know, and I feel like for me right now and this is me being really transparent, you know, guys, I'll tell you how it is at the point when this Industrial Park thing was happening. I didn't even see myself in this scheme of things. I don't know how to explain that like, I saw a lot of moving Parts, but I wasn't in there and there's also a thing about timing bumi there's a thing about time. Me about God's timing where he's like, I'm putting you through this prep season because when it happens, you won't even know how you landed in the middle. So I'm guessing that the reason why I'm feeling bad is because like you said, you said you're a go-getter go get his need results. Yeah, so when they've gone a year chasing one thing I'm not getting that thing. Ah, no God what was happening and what it is like and I feel he's using this to retool me. Yes, it's great. Growth is how you grow. Let's talk about that. That's really the growth part of what we're discussing today. I think don't take this thing for granted you are growing know even though that thing is not happening yet. They still the part that God is taking you through that is super super big and he just needs you to learn what he's teaching you how he's teaching you but then knowing that your character also needs development for that for that, you know, and he's In telling me this is so emotional for me right now this morning. God was telling me the reason why you've been feeling the way you're feeling is because I'm taking your control away. Wow, that was so deep. I was like God, what did I do to you? And he was like no no no see you want to predict and control me to come through for you how you want me to control how you want me to come through, but you don't want me to control you into purpose. I said God, but I thought you loved me said I absolutely do and that's why I'm taking you through this grueling process of letting go hmm. Let go let go awry let go don't want to calculate it. I know you're a go-getter and that is this flip side of your character, which is you met over right God won't make things happen. Just make things happen. You know how it is balloon. I got trust was that's why I gave it to us, but he's also like a that flip side of your character. To do it ahead of me and wants to do it your way. You know, but tell me what we how is this process being for you as per growing how has it helped you with this character building, you know waiting for something that you knew God has given you but you don't even how shall these things be as Mary said? Yes for me. It's it's it has brought me to my knees. I know that's the truth. Every thing that God puts in my hand to do usually brings me into more surrender. Brokenness in my life. Yes, and for a lot of people God uses your business like for me as consecration. Yes, right. And so I know that even in the symphony things that seem like they're not going. Well. I'm not really sure that he's there. Yeah, right and so there's patients in there and letting the patience of just waiting and there are so many things. I just wanted angles that cookie know right now that they're like two years ago like four years. Of in fact, my son was a baby when I first got the dream of the app of the Shredder Gap in 2016. The app didn't come out until 2019. Wow, three years, three years three years of not seeing anything about it through years of building, right and then 14 months of rigorous work of data collection. And so so much happens in that time with your character right that God things on Google. You see people At the the developers. Yeah, I'm shopping development how crazy they are and then having to even deal with the humans that are involved in this project teaching you love teaching you patients to see you self-control and it's all of that the fruits of what God really wants from you. It takes this dream and pulls it out of you. And so even with this new one that I'm about to embark on is like this one is like the biggest one that I've ever done pyramid, right? The app is small ski Kiri hmm, you know that means small compared to this one. And so it's just knowing that at the end of this I am it's like you said come on come up higher and higher come up higher and it's who I become the process. Yeah. So really for God is that thing is great. Mmm, but it's who I become while I'm doing that. I'm doing it. Yeah, that's the real deal. Yeah. That's what he's more interesting. And that's the truth, you know, because there's another part. That you touched on just before and you said there's also the part of watching it happen for other people, but it's not you happening for you. That part is another thing that I feel has. It's not even a big deal until God shows you that it's a big deal. Hmm. I don't watch people more me. I don't really care about what everybody the / I focus on my race, but then he started to tell me that are you really sure that it's not bothering you so why are you now trying to or what? Are you trying to run ahead of who is chasing you? Why you impatient? Why do you want it to happen in 2020? Why did you want? To happen in 2016. What was chasing why and he started to tell me he said you are unconsciously racing after someone's clock. Someone put it there. You just don't know I need you to be aware that you need to get a grip on working tirelessly to finish things that I didn't put in you. Yeah. So he just pulled me back. He's like wow, that's really back really back. Now. The dream is to yours. The goal is still yours. But can we get your motive right come get your intentions, right? Can we get this whole thing about God? No, no. No, I needed only 2020 and I'm saying to you that guys look try not to get ahead of God. Try not to place the undue pressure on yourself. But know that you do it yourself. You will do it yourself. Don't worry. You don't that collaboration. On sometimes is not for those kind of projects the kind of projects that God will give you a nice saying to you that Aunty you are the woman for that job, but you need to let me do it my way. Take your hand off let go and let God. And I just hope that that's bless somebody and giving you some form of consolation that it is still you that will do it doesn't matter. What's not happening right now, but you need to trust God and give yourself. Some slack. Please. Don't even think for a second that you're not good enough don't think for a second that things are working out is slow and God is saying to you know, I got you I got you. Thank you so much for joining me bhumi. Thank you. Just give them your last words. Fantastic. Thank you so much for this impromptu asked but he was fun. Yeah, so it's for me last words would be the world is not a stage right you living for an audience of one Tyler. Yeah, that's it for me. Love it. Love it. Thank you so much to me. God bless you and I'm just praying for someone out there who's saying, you know, I need strength. I need I need God's love right now. I just need him to give me more strength. I'm praying that that strength is given to you today in the name of Jesus. You will not feel this on you pressure. You will not be overwhelmed or not be stressed out because God doesn't want to stress you out. He just wants me to do his will and I'm praying that that consecration will come in Jesus name. All right guys, thank you till next time. Take care again. It wasn't supposed to come out today. But like I said last podcast who makes the rules if God says we do it then we do it. Thank you for chilling with us. Take care. God bless.