Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back to now in the Mongol Empire people loved sports, but it wasn't football or soccer that people loved one of the most popular sports was Reckless and could Hyun she was a great wrestler many men in the land. I wanted to marry her but could Ian said that the only way she would marry a man is if he could beat her at wrestling her challenge. Was it the man one she would marry him but of coup to Union won. He would have to give her 100 horses. Switcher brushing to the bottom of your mouth and brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tooth. Men from all over the kingdom came to wrestle coutinho each one thinking he would be the one to finally beat her but none of them could match her skill and strength could even beat them all each man gave her 100 horses and soon. She was one of the richest people in the Kingdom with more than 10,000 horses. Switcher brushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth and brush your front teeth, too. Khuda Yoon was never defeated and she became a trusted leader in the great. Khans Army today her Legend lives on as one of the greatest wrestlers and Warriors of her time. So because of her strength and her butt kicking skills. Could Ian is tonight's Chompers heroin. That's it for Choppers tonight, but come back tomorrow for more heroic. Ladies until then. Chompers is a production of gimlet media.