Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of Awards watch the show watch your own show. What is up guys? I'm gonna dress is arbitrary. I'm Sabrina and this is the meaning of podcast the podcast when we talk about your favorite filmmakers and deeper meaning within their films and now we're doing a very different episode. I mean we've done I don't know we've done actor after directors before. Is it there an actor we've done? Yeah for sure Eddie Murphy and Childish Gambino. Yeah, but actor-director. Yeah, I mean taika waititi. We did him now technically you could count that for sure. Yeah. He's also countdown to govern that too. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, we've done this before but but we're doing A lot of his acting career as well as his directing career because his directing career isn't a lot of film so I thought it would be fun to bring his acting career as well. Yeah, so we're doing Ben Affleck guys. The reason why is because his new movie The Way Back. Whoa directed by Gavin O'Connor is coming out this week. I'm symptoms only one who's excited for this movie and I think so man. I saw the trailer and I was like, oh it's a sappy basketball star was a Christian cool. It's a I thought I was a Christian movie. I thought was one of those like Lon budget Christian Movement. No, I think I'm wrong. But that's just what I thought it's definitely not a Christian movie, but I'm super excited for it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you seen it man shit when he comes I'll know when it comes out. It comes out this weekend a pricey this weekend. Okay. I like Gavin Gavin O'Connor O'Connor did Warrior he did a couple others that they counting another been a fucking miracle miracle great-great-great-great all gray movies. He did Grandma Warriors like an incredible movie Ward. So I think this one's definitely fit perfectly into that - poor. Moves that are awesome and he seems to be doing more and more and movies with Ben Affleck, right? Yeah, so he seems to be having a carafe lack him. Yeah. So we're doing Ben Affleck guys, which means we're going to talk about Ben Affleck the actor the director, but we have to start out by talking about Ben Affleck the celebrity. Yeah, because a lot has to be said about the intersection between Fame stardom actor Hollywood lifestyle. Especially during the rise of his career which is usually the 90s and in the 90s. I mean you guys weren't around but the 90s was very much tabloid centered very much. Who's who's who who's dating? Who who's in a relationship with who and at the very top of that list was mr. Ben Affleck himself considering that people were obsessed with him people. We're curious about his whereabouts and it seems to be the vast majority of General audiences, which is something that I've About when it came to the casting of Batman for the new Batman for Zack Snyder's was the idea of if you go up to most people most people know who Ben Affleck is definitely not necessarily from a movie but from the celebrity itself and it's this idea that now it's sort of led to even now the way back the movie you're excited about. Yeah considering its kind of a self reflection of his own life when it comes to his alcohol abuse and when it comes to his rehab something that he's been very public about usually over these past few weeks considering the New York Times article when he talked about it. So now it's this idea where Ben Affleck is coming full circle of rising up and fame from being a good-looking actor kid to now I mean a director who won an Oscar right for his film to a guy who kind of had his issues and his struggles and he tried Big movie route the Batman route which is like the biggest character you the Daredevil route first the different offers, but they're devil isn't a huge. I mean, he's not Batman Batman time when Daredevil came out. I don't know. I just feel like comic book movies have such a bigger impact now because they're actually considered for various like a claim and like Awards and like things like that with a Marvel and everything right now. I think it's held up to a different standard than comic book movies then even though I still love them. Yeah. He wanted he wanted to make Dare Devil mansion. Thing for sure like yeah, like the story like the story and he wanted to play Batman. So that was like his way of playing Batman without playing Batman. Yeah, and then he finally got Batman and look at it. Yeah. I mean it's interesting because you can really Trace his career going from this kind of celebrity track of doing the you know, I'm just a good-looking actor that Everyone likes and I'm dating all these movie stars to I want to be taken seriously as a filmmaker and I'm a good director and I can make good movies. I can win an Oscar and he did To his kind of downfall. I guess you can say with with his rehab with his divorce from Jennifer Garner with going into Batman to do in sad Batman said Flex at flick. Yeah sad at said Ben Affleck. So it's one of those things where it's interesting where his trajectory kind of has taken him throughout the Hollywood Direction and now through the way back so I kind of want to ask you guys. You know, what? Is it about him doing a movie like this. I'm talking about the way back. We haven't seen it about self-reflection. It's a somehow therapeutic to him. Is it somehow him coming back to form? Are you excited for been actor the after the actor Ben Affleck the actor coming back to this is kind of roll. Well, I mean you look throughout his entire career. I mean really all of his filmography is kind of like reflected himself like has it It's better another right? Look at Gone Girl. Yeah Gone Girl. I mean look at G. Look at G Lee Hailey Jersey girl were talking about. Yeah and like all of the in his relationships with literally played out on screen. Not only that. I mean look at on a deeper level Good Will Hunting is pretty much like this dude's entire career art in and of itself and he was telling that story at the beginning of his career right this this guy who's kind of Trapped and especially Ben Affleck's character himself. He's kind of stuck at this job and he's kind of been seeing The people around him elevator move forward while he's just kind of had he's been stuck in his own kind of stereotyping roles. What does he do that? What do you think he does that? I think you know, I don't know. I mean, I think he I do you think he knows from reality. I'm Ben Affleck people know who I am. So I want to make a movie that says, oh that's Ben Affleck. I think that's part of it. I mean also, you know in and you know, it goes without saying the Kevin Smith effect is also a big part of strip his story as well. I mean Kevin Smith produced Goodwill Tang allegedly wrote it. Allegedly. We kind of a launched Ben Affleck's Korean. I think Chasing Amy with a what is it Chasing Amy Mallrats? Exactly. Yeah, all of those films all of that contributes to like how you know, Kevin Smith is a very transparent dude in a very like a lot of his writing reflects himself. So I think Ben Affleck and it's a glass inspiration from that like as a throughout his career. So it's good to see him is good to see him explore and do all these different Avenues because I think more than anybody Ben Affleck has proven he's a great he's not just a great actor. He's probably a better writer and about a great way better director. Yeah. Well, what do you think? That's an interesting thing? You mentioned earlier just about him his personal life the 90s with celebrities in the way. They're kind of like under a microscope like even if they're walking around with people is still happens to this day, but I feel like not the craziness that was in the 90s early 2000s absolute and to be fair he kind of I mean he was dating Jennifer Lopez Like he was in the music video for crying out loud. Yeah, so it's not like you Sean. Well, he personally from what I understand from interviews from him. He personally didn't love all of that. It was just kind of something that he's into like he's in this world. He kind of has to deal with it more. So, okay, so it's like might as well enjoy it Joy doing it because you have to do it regardless. That's why he's like Brahma be in a music video Yeah, and don't get me wrong with you. I was like the Michael Bay are of Ben Affleck to when he was doing my Pearl Harbor and on Armageddon like he was just on some wow shit. Yeah. Yeah, and that's it's an interesting thing because I feel like he's like overrated and underrated at the same time overrated as a celebrity but underrated as an actor as a writer as a director because when you talk about Ben Affleck you talk about all of this stuff. He's like personal life before his films like it's really interesting. I don't know but at the same time like I just told you guys it feels like he's almost wanting you to consider in he chooses movies like Gone Girl like the way back like all these movies that kind of seemed like wait a minute. Is this about Ben Like why is this so much like Ben Affleck? It's almost like he allows his celebrity to take over his roles almost as a way. I don't want to say to sell the movie because I feel like that's a little much but almost as a way to kind of like I said self therapeutic. Yeah absolutely reflection of like who I am and I can do that for a couple months shoot. However long it took to shoot these movies it almost seems like he's allowing the people to see Ben Affleck the actor and Ben Affleck the celebrity at the same time with movies like the way back on girl all the other ones you've named like it seems like he's allowing you to do that. It's interesting to think about like with press and media on everything how they could paint a certain portrait of you. So maybe he's trying to kind of take back a little bit of that narrative himself and be like, you know, I'll be candid like this is says me like, this is some kind of like little blood portrait. He's painting for us rather than letting the media do it for him. Right, which is interesting. Yeah, it's really it's curious because again, I the first time I Heard the announcement Ben Affleck cast his Batman I was at home and I remember hearing I remember telling my parents I was like, oh Mom, they just cast a new Batman, you know, guess who it is and she was like, I don't know but my issue with it was like it's hard for me to separate Ben Affleck the celebrity into bet someone who's Batman who's supposed to be kind of this mysterious Bruce Wayne swab, but I mean, let's not like when I have to miss Warriors here, he's not like the most transformative. Of actors that most of the movies he is also playing Ben Affleck like he's playing that's what I'm saying self. You know. Yeah, I mean, that's my whole life. Yeah, this is statement. But yeah, I mean, but yeah, I mean that's I mean you you know, that's it's hard to do any I mean people literally call them batfleck for a reason like it just feels like Ben Affleck paying Batman. It's always going to feel like even our go to some extent feels like been a flying a Mexican dude, you know what I mean? Like and then gone girls just Ben Affleck. Yeah, just an asshole. Tied into his performances. Yeah, but it's weird. I'm not saying it's weird but it's interesting because he allows his agent to find these roles for him. And he almost kind of allows these directors to write these roles for him where he is kind of playing Ben Affleck like you said and he isn't the most transformative actor. Let's go. There are be 3 because you went there. Yeah. Talk to me about Ben Affleck the actor. So let's start Basics, right? Is he an underrated actor? Like Sabrina said I said actor-director. I know. They just actor I'm just saying his work by one thing real quick. Like I said, he's not necessarily the greatest. I mean, I don't think anybody would any better with logical even like think of to call him like one of the greatest actors finest actors. Oh, yeah, but that's fine. I mean, he plays a part like really well. He has like a real stoic kind of old-school 1940s 1950s kind of like strong chin straight looking like type of personality. What you normally make them perfect for something like Batman too, babe. Make some you know, I'm sure he'll fit in perfectly back in like the old days of Cinema where you know, there wasn't like a lot of range required. I'm not saying that in a bad way. I'm saying that in the way that like Ben Affleck has successfully found a lane to where he could play within range and still give like a great performance. I think his performance in Gone Girl is probably one of his best in his entire career and it feels the most realistic and it feels like most like him. Like I really just said yeah exactly exactly or something like the town. Which I also think is a great performance. He's he's like in his home roots. They're like basically he's and the it's a movie about Boston. It's a movie all about the kind of crime syndicate of that area. So it kind of fits naturally into what he's doing movies like the accountant kind of show like, he's getting Action Hero Parts same thing about never Superman, but you know, he also has like that Charming like a romantic side to him to like you see like Chasing Amy or Jersey girls, or maybe even a good one like He's Just Not That Into Yeah, he's just that one. He's he's been in that one. Yeah, or you could play the big tough guy to bully guy like he does and and his very first big like breakout role Dazed and Confused, right? We plays uh, yeah, but the character in that so yeah, he could eat he has he found he doesn't have a lot of lanes but the lanes that he occupies. He's really really good at I think. Yeah. I mean it's interesting but let's go through his acting career. I mean obviously Glory Days started with that Mallrats Chasing Amy. Yeah. Those are the two kind of Mallrats Chasing Amy. We kind of see as the launch of his career and then we go we jump right away to 1998 which kind of made him. I believe the heartthrob, you know, everyone's crush kind of Ben Affleck career, which is Armageddon. Yeah, my brother, you're going to say Good Will Hunting. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's start with Good Will Hunting. I mean Good Will Hunting you want to ask you for that? Yes. That's right as big as exposure. I think. Probably had in that time to talk to me about Good Will Hunting man. What do you everything from the script to the acting to the Matt Damon Ben Affleck buddy, bro Hollywood thing because this is looking back. Isn't this a Weinstein movie? This was one of the early Weinstein. Yeah. This was a Weinstein him kind of being like I found two homies were stars Matt Damon and Ben Affleck. You're going to love them. This is an oscar-winning movie. This is something that he put like his weight behind ya guy Kevin. Have to rewrite it God really? Yeah, so I yeah, I think I think yeah, this is one of my favorite movies ever. I think everyone is movie from Matt Damon to Robin Williams to just lose the Mindy Mindy driver if I'm not mistaken any driver. Yeah Minnie Driver yet. All the performances are stunts cars are all the performances all around were just like mind-blowing to me. I think the idea of having a character like will who's like this map petition? Who comes to my cats after I get environment and has to overcome his like egomania ISM and his and his masculinity to kind of open up have the softer side and also to tap into the intelligence that he really has I love it. I love all of that about it. I love the therapy aspect of it like the idea of encouragement and you know reconciling and like releasing all of those sins that you have on your chest the entire life. It's feels like the perfect movie for for some For somebody like Matt Damon but also for somebody as a writer like Ben Affleck, they go they wrote they wrote This Together. Yeah, and I think originally I think there's reports that or I think David said in an interview that was originally supposed to be more of like a thry a spy Thriller initially like when the initial drafts of it was more of like a spy Espionage Thriller something like that and then they eventually got to where it is, but this feels like when the most personal movies ever made and in Gus Van sant's like directing really asked to that as well. So absolutely, I mean, it feels like this is kind of The start of Matt Damon and Ben Affleck six career into Hollywood as being taken seriously, right? Yeah. Definitely. I feel like even from like a writing standpoint. I believe they were they won the Golden Globe that year. I just asked her and Oscar too. Okay. Wow, so that's like and they were young when when this happened. So, I mean that's like that's such a good Mark on your career so early on I feel like there's just so much room for like growth and Improvement in like different aspects of Career when you're already starting at such a good place like it can only go up from there and just that movie is so incredible and those characters are so fully formed and developed and it's just I love love that movie so much. Hey Casey Affleck, one of my favorite things in the entire movie is like in the beginning when they see the do that they're messing with that the ball game earlier and they seem to park is like a is that fucking guy? We have to fight early. Let's get on fire when they all just got the car and just start fighting. These dues like you you touched on something that I kind of to bring to you Sabrina because I've re-watched I texted you guys ever watch the town last night. Yeah, and it's a movie that and then I'm thinking about the way back and then I'm thinking about all these movies have Ben Affleck and you touched on the right now where you said, it's the tough guy who has a soft heart. So your little will beat you up, but man I feel lonely man. Like I said, I kind of feel like that's something we see it a lot. I mean, it's so easy. You can't come across like that's difference between like him and Casey Affleck. Casey Affleck is like the smaller like that's your version of him. So that's why in something like Manchester by the sea. I could I could never see Ben Affleck playing a role like that because he is so big so it's almost like so easy so easy to get like typecasted right because of that so it's cool that he gets a little bit more control to be like oh, but I also have a heart like, I'm also soft like a tough guy with the heart kind of thing, right? That's like what he is. I believe like in real life if He's showing us this, you know part of himself. Yeah, and it's interesting because again, I keep going back to the town, but that's that's part of the theme. Yeah into words like you I Rob think sometimes pretty girl. It's like kind of yeah, it's keep going on. It really is quite a launch right? Because like you said, they're so young and it really is that idea of being thrust into stardom? Yeah as a young actor as a young writer as a movie star considering this is the idea of movie stardom. The fact that you can span so much more where the entertainment reporters love you because you're charming and you're good-looking and then the Hollywood Elites love you because you're a good writer and you can make good movies in your pretty good actor. It's the combination of both right? It's the movie stardom effect where the gentle movie-going audience likes you because they see you and all the entertainment stuff and then the elites like you in the Hollywood people. Like you because it's like oh this guy's smart and he writes good movies and he's a good writer. All right. It's that idea of having both and being thrust into stardom and then going from that into 1998 the Michael Bay effect as rb3 called Armageddon Armageddon a what do you mean obviously this is what I meant by the heartthrob the crush. What as I was saying before Because he's literally leak the object of affection in this movie and not just by lift Tyler who is like obsessed with him in this movie. But like by even the like the dudes love the guy. Oh, yeah. We're like you go to live man. Yeah, if there's ever everyone's gonna die on this on this asteroid with Ben Affleck's gonna survive because he's we love the guy and it's like this idea of like everyone's in love with him even his crew like minor dudes tough guy minor dudes love. I think his name is Ajay in the movie age. AJ and it's that kind of idea. I want to hear your thoughts. First of all, you've seen Armageddon. Yeah like a long time ago. But yes, I love it first time seeing Armageddon because this movie people have takes from left and right. I want to hear your takes. I don't think I've ever heard it. I mean, come on man. You know, I like Michael Bay. I mean, I can't eat it. You can't do nothing wrong Farm again. I mean, there's one of the classics this is easily one of the most ambitious space films. I think in terms of like the idea of like a crater about to hit the moon and then they have to go and drill a hole It makes no sense. And I think what's even funnier than actual movie itself is the DVD commentary that comes out after oh, yeah, he's my Netflix on it. Right that were Ben Affleck was drunk during it commentary. Yeah. He said and he said it's like looking back. You're just like yeah. Yeah. No, I mean, well he even said like during the thing he was like, yeah, I want up to Michael Bay and I asked him like yo, what's the why did you get a bunch of Drillers to go up into space and training the astronauts went to make more sense to train astronauts to be Drillers, and he's like just shut the fuck up. Yeah, it's a movie bro. Yeah, and I do think like as much as much cheese ball of this movie is I mean as actually like a really fun and entertaining like movie this one a few times you see like Bruce Willis like actually like turn it on because plan like the the the father to father and the main minor. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Exactly. So it's it minor or is it Drillers? I'm Driller Drillers. Yeah, so good. Yeah either one. I think that's matter. But yeah, it's yeah to me. It's like is to me this is dope. I mean, it's just pure boss the wall action fund the you were a kid when you watch them. Assuming, right? Oh, yeah for sure Catcher And The Rolling Stones saw or the retirement. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's amazing. I think of when I think of that song which is obviously I mean it's in the Video, I think of animal crackers. I mean come on now. All right, which is also in the but I also think of the scene where Michael Clarke Duncan Steve Buscemi and all the homies are like, oh, yeah, they're feeling like we they love Ben Affleck so much that they're singing leaving on an airplane leave and Norman don't know and that's like a famous scene to Billy Bob Thornton Billy. Bob Thornton. What do you think of this? Yeah. Oh, what was your first stocks? Because your I was you So so so so young but I remember watching my dad no in 1988. So I was I was like six or seven when I saw it. I was really young but I just remember being like kind of like mind blown by how cool it was. It was fun. It was sweet. I hit like a lot of different notes and I just remember being really young. So I remember my dad would have like barbecues and he just play it and everybody would be watching it. Like people be outside people be in the kitchen and then they're always be a group of people watching it like in the living room, which I think is so Funny so I think a lot of people can enjoy this movie. I people can't deny. It's a good time. Yeah. It really is Michael Bay at for Michael. Ye talking about the dichotomy of these prestigious master's degree doctorates degree astronauts who are like the most Smart Genius NASA people on the planet stooping to the level. I mean stooping right? Yeah to the level of like having to get blue collar Drillers like high school education High School dropouts kind of Of like we need these guys to save the world. Yeah, and these guys are the only ones on the planet because they're the best at what they do. They even have what's homies name, uh playing the cowboy Oh, I know. He's talking about Owen Wilson. Yeah Cowboy. Yeah. So it's that Clarke Duncan or IP. O-- Michael Clarke Duncan. He's awesome in this movie. Yeah, and he's just a really good ensemble. Really really great Ensemble is a great. I really have a soft spot for this movie because of actually saw this in Colombia, by the way because of my connection to it seeing the movie my first time seeing it but it really is again Ben Affleck is the star of this movie. He starts out the movie. He's hooking up with the daughter, you know, this he is the star. He's the only one left after everyone saves the planet. I mean the asteroid strike saves the planet by destroying the asteroid. All right it Really focuses on Ben Affleck has a movie star. Yeah, we're gonna put him in the front and it led to even more freaking Michael Bay stuff. I mean we can't skip shaped Shakespeare in Love, right? Yeah. I mean, he was a small part in that. He's a small part in that but that also goes to the academy pondering and he was doing yeah. Okay fine we can skip it, but but to me, I mean he has forces of nature. He has Dogma Boiler Room. He has a small part in that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah, even yeah and dogma and of the Kevin Smith movie, here's the one I think at the time I think Kevin Smith said interviews like Ben Affleck the really love working with Kevin Smith if he really felt like having friends the voice that I mean, they're still kind of friend. Yeah. They're still there still friends. He shot up in Jay and Silent Bob side. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's beautiful and I think he's I think Kevin Smith said in interviews that he would literally tell him like you're my voice. Like right for me just write whatever you have for me, and he would have been Africa find apart from I mean, sorry Kevin Smith for always found the park for Ben Affleck, like especially during that time in his career. So this is an interesting conversation that I'm now going to lead you guys down when it comes to his acting career Ben Affleck. We talked about Good Will Hunting and what that meant is far as the prestige the being taken seriously kind of idea inside Hollywood, but From This Moment On from Pearl Harbor all the way up to like maybe Thousand Seven two thousand eight he kind of dives into this Armageddon effect and I call it the Army get an effect because it's kind of the Blockbuster movie star kind of cheese ball movie and I know that's I'm not trying to be mean but it's kind of supposed to be a fun kind of dumb popcorn movie. Yeah, and he did that for quite a few films definitely and it starts with Pearl Harbor rb3 Other movie you love definitely has that history class allows you watch that his cheek laughter. Yeah, that's some bullshit. That's what I also watched in History Class Argo, which I know that's not what are your thoughts on Pearl Harbor because you liked Armageddon. Yeah probably wasn't my jam. I might go entire movie. I really really love is when Cuba Gooding jr. Guy with the fucking in machine go the Gatling gun. Yeah was actually based on a real life person by the way. Oh no way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah actual African American sailor who was just a chef or cleaners. I'm like, yeah, you got him the gun and start shooting down planes. Yeah. That's wild that's not part of movie. I ever really remember. Yeah the rest of it can put me to sleep. Yeah. How about you? My dad really likes it? I never got into it really the way I choose like Armageddon over Pearl Harbor. I need a wow in terms of Michael Bay. Did you really? No, it's not that I really like it. I mean I enjoyed it for what it was when I was like eight. I mean, it's yeah that can sail bro. I'm yeah. Yeah, it's a different level. There's just all the shit like all the war stuff is though is don't all the love stuff is terrible. You can clearly tell they're reaching for that Titanic Vibe and it just it wasn't hit and there were doing the whole like what is it that you love triangle? Yeah, she loves them both and one of them dies. So she's like I guess I'm stuck with this guy and happen to be - yeah, not as if we're supposed to care like as if that's a downgrade or some shit like I get the fuck out of here. That's some bullshit. Yeah, I mean that one right in the trash. Yeah, it's kind of wild. Yeah, I mean Josh Hartnett you remember him ha ha ha Me homie disappeared right? I haven't seen him in anything years you like overdose or something. No, Jesus man moving on. Well my thoughts on this movie is that he kind of goes from this to sum of all fears to like all these kind of Blockbuster popcorn and then kind of the romantic comedies to because before dead ever Daredevil we had Geely, right. Yeah, and it's one of those movies that it's another kind of silly romantic comedy not being taken. Seriously. What do you think? He was taking these roles? Well, I am a mistake Lisa Kevin Smith that did this before I know if I said that off mic on I don't think I said that I'm like, okay I got correct dark, but but I think particularly with Julie what's funny is I also you know, I'm a big Hammersmith - I just see a lot of interviews, right and he talked about how when they did Jersey Jersey. Now but you know Jennifer Jennifer Lopez is only really in a couple of scenes in that movie like is really not like the romantic movie that they marketed it as but because that movie was so successful that put geely they literally made really as a centerpiece for those two together. So like it was like it was like the perfect it's like the perfect storm of like having a movie that has two bankable stars and they just so happen to be dating and they're just like oh if I could just throw them on there. Poster nothing else matters. I think the budget for this movie is literally 30 million dollars and I think it was reported like something like 20 million of that those dollars were spent on just paying those two and that's why the rest of the movie looks so cheap. So wow. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, why was I mean first of all same question I said to her B3, why was he taking these roles? And and and then what are your thoughts on this movie in general? Yeah for Julie. Okay, so I think for Rolls, I don't know if he decided it or his people like his manager like an agent like sure that's sign off. Well exactly but like for some of the stuff like the Michael Bay films those those are fun. I bet those are fun to be in you know, like he loves action with Daredevil and obviously with Batman too. So maybe maybe he thought it was a cool premise and wanted to go for it. This is honestly don't know I have no clue. I there's nothing I could justify to say why he would do these I do like him in like He's Just Not That Into. At into you like those little fun ones. I think it is much later. But like for Julie I'm reading that it was was once one of the most expensive box office bombs in history. It grows 7.2 million against a seventy five point six million budget and how much is a budget 75 Point 65. Okay, so I rent so seventy five point six million dollar budget also read half of that is yeah. I was gonna say I read 25 million was for Ben Affleck and Jennifer Jennifer Lopez. It's just it's crazy. And then I guess it's Um, yeah, so is this is this the perfect example of the celebrity effect? Yeah. We're Studios say all we need to do is get the biggest celebrities have them hook up on screen and people will watch the movie. Yeah doesn't matter if it's good or bad. It turns out it's a really bad movie and no one's going to watch. It. Looks like it's so crazy, but it is so weird to have two huge names at the time and for it to bomb that badly. Like they there was no way they were expecting that at all. You know, what's funny guys and I'm looking back at this 2003 we had this one, right Julie and then it's Jennifer Lopez. But right before that, I think it came out in March or February was Daredevil. It was Jennifer Garner. It's the to Jennifer effect. We had in 2003 literally in the same year rb3. He did a movie with Jennifer Garner and then he did a movie with Jennifer Lopez. I've been Me and yeah, like sex hashtag yikes, but now that takes us to my favorite conversation and that's Daredevil. Yes, and I'm so glad I have someone here like Sabrina who's a fan of this movie because I have a very personal connection to his movies, but it starts with the comics. I love Daredevil from the comics and when I heard they were making this movie. I was like nah, bro, like a little kidney here. I was just gonna say I'm like 2033 me like Well, Daniel version 11 year old version of me is like now brought over fam like this is it I'm the biggest fan of Daredevil and he and he came up and Spider-Man the Animated Series. I don't know if you guys remember that show but again as a giant nerd and as a giant marble nerd Daredevil was like one of those unknown characters that I'm not a lot of people knew about and I was so excited because when I saw the trailer I was like, oh my God, this is so close to the comic like literally almost verbatim kamek kamek kamek except maybe stick is not movie. But then And stake is more lecture. But this kind of Elektra Daredevil thing that they tossed onto Netflix many years later is like one of my favorite comic things ever because it's much more martial arts centered and it's much more like what happens if you're blind you deal with martial arts, and this is coming from my Bruce Lee face. Yeah. I'm still a martial arts guy. So I love this movie and it's Goofy and it's ridiculous and it has Colin Farrell with an Irish wrap the background. What is that song? Call Luck of the Irish or something like that. He's like rapping in the back. Ha ha ha. No, I agree with you though. I absolutely love this movie and I grew up on more like the X-Men Comics. My dad had a bunch. I grew up more on X-Men. And then after this one this brought me to like Daredevil Comics. I was so obsessed with this movie even the soundtrack Evanescence. That whole sequence is I will die on that Hill that is an amazing sequence that whole like training and everything. I love it. I think this movie is so fun. I don't think it's the most well-made movie and it might not hold up the same way other good ones at that came out of this time period do but I still love it. What do you think of the Seesaw on a seesaw get in the Catwoman basketball vibes? See, I don't go to the Seesaw I go to the club fight which is badass. It's sold. Remember the club fight. Yeah when he goes to the club and he like apps everyone up and he's like throw he's like jacking him up to like I remember this was the first movie. I don't know if you guys remember this but me I'm old enough to remember because I think it was like 12 years old when I saw this this was the first Peach member. There's PG-13 s movie PG-13 movies that have like a side warning where they're like, Like it's PG-13, but it's a little much you might need to be accompanied by someone hard violence hardart. I mean hard a prince or Parental Guidance required must be it was a weird literature vitamin C guy advice. Yeah, Parental Guidance advice contains excessive violence and blood so I'm like that and I was just like when I first heard that I was like yo, what is this about because it's PG-13 with it a little with that little added effect and I want to correct myself. I'm pretty sure it was. 13 it was because there was an R-rated cut and if you if you can buy the R-rated cut, I believe I believe it's the director's cut that's R rating but in the movie theater, I was just like yo, this is not this is not Spider-Man. This guy was yapping it but there was like blood yeah out of people's mouths and like splashing everywhere. It was like very like leaning towards the Zack Snyder kind of effect. Right and I loved it and I love how this guy was like really into God and he's like, I love of God man. God's got one thing and he's like killing people and decapitating them on trains and stuff. And I was just like yo, this is this is my gym, right? So yeah, I mean we have to talk about the soundtrack Sabrina Evan SS Bring Me to Life. How does that sound start Sabrina? Come on? It's we're going to karaoke after Yes actually got into it. Yeah, but you know what song is like that song goes hard that Scene goes hard, but you know what singles even harder which one the scene where the other sad song comes on. That's all it was Evanescence. I came home. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. Oh my God. What is that song but you remember that song that song brought me to my mortal My Immortal. There we go. That's all yeah is the saddest song ever written. It's the sad song. It's the saddest song ever written. It's so sad and that check. I still go hard for Evanescence. It's me and my emo phase where I'm just like this. This is my jam. I love it. But it really is kind of an over-the-top sappy movie which would has a lot of like again the Romantic affect our Ben Affleck is like I'm not going to do a movie if someone doesn't fall head over heels in love with me. That's his one thing and his contract and that's what happens with Jennifer Garner and the idea of like him being blind, but he can see her in the rain and all guys and then the love scene which is like the most over-the-top love seeing ever and it's the most spicy PG-13 love singing I've ever seen. All right. Yeah, this movie was wild and it was definitely following the it was from the same Studio. I believe it was the same it was Marvel Studios who did X-Men and who did this movie I believe and they were trying to Make it the next Batman, but eventually it didn't work out. Do you think it's just quality man? It just didn't work out because equality equality has a big part to do you have it? Well, do you remember Elektra? Yeah Electro did really bad. Yeah, and it wasn't received. Well, so I think I think from that point you kind of killed the franchise nothing. I think a big part of why I let you didn't do bad is because of Daredevil not being so critically well received. I think again the action is really well done. And if I think people had a hard time looking past it, I think particularly during this time. We're just starting to get I think this is the same year that X-Men either the same year the year before that X2 X-Men United came out and then the year before Spider-Man 2 came out. So we're starting to really get into the thick of like what good comic book movies were and it's just unfortunately like to be fair. I mean, you're right X2 and Spider-Man 2 are different levels, but Spider-Man and X-Men are still pretty good the first ones and ya know ya know they are good but X X-2 and Spider-Man 2 are considered to be like So one of the best yes so good. There's still some of my favorite. I mean, we've talked a lot about it. Probably my favorite comic book movie ever. Right? Right X2. No Spider-Man Superman to yeah X2 up there. The love X2 X3 is like top five top ten. Maybe one of the last ones is going to be rocking the Tobey Maguire and I've re-watched it bro. A lot of people are hope you re watching yeah bags actually really bad and I'm like, I've re-watched it guys. It's incredible still good and everyone. Does that mean I'm like nah, Spider-Man 3. I'll say it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, my boy Camilo came in we did a whole and we all were like a Spider-Man 3 is actually kind of good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love emo Peter Parker that yeah. Oh my God, push it up. But again, it follows. Geely and then into Jersey girl, which is kind of cut from the same chord considering it's another romantic comedy kind of thing. Have you guys Seen Jersey girl a long time ago. Yeah like a long time ago. But this was a Kevin Smith movie exactly, which is another kind of Kevin Smith effect and then going into clerks to which obviously he didn't have a huge role in but but this whole mm, I mean, I guess you could say 98 to 2000 maybe six or seven where he's just do it. He's not just he's not He's Just Not That Into You that's what I meant to say. Yeah. Kind of ends with that movie. This is a movie you see ya. Yeah. It's a you know, it's a fun rom-com Scarlett Johansson's gray in it. Nothing. Nothing to really complain about how ya doing it. Yeah, I have yeah, but you know, I just seen it's been a while. Yeah. Yeah. I remember my mom saying this in theaters. It's actually funny because I think for a lot of Ben Affleck's acting from our crew just like it's fine. Like I think that's something that kind of accurately reflects like a lot of his from our I disagree. I think we say, it's fine. I think most people like that's trash Pearl Harbor Army Get in there devil people might leave my child to get people like arm again. I think for most people I got people laughable again. It will ask for our came on people or a Harbinger must be Daredevil. She lie trash trash trash trash like most people I've talked to before this episode have said. Oh, yeah. This is the point in his career where he was making bad movie Bad movie Bad movie Bad movie Bad movie Bad movie and just signing on because he was like, well, I'll be the star and I'm going to be the love interest right and I get to kick people's butts and Daredevil this Kind of his like where am I at career? And it kind of ended with he's not into his back. I can't say right he's just not into that you he does like you if I can Jesus you have ha ha ha, but but it kind of has that effect of like this is what he was doing and it kind of ends with that movie. And it's that idea of like what was he thinking during this time period right where everyone was saying? Hey, man the kind of making bad movies. And this was the guy who did good who wrote Good Will Hunting. What are you doing? Right? What do you think that was is just you know, I think he was trying to make the big plays the box office plays and it wasn't the critically acclaimed plays. I mean, he also liked working with Kevin Smith. He he did a lot of moves kind of smooth, but there's also a time period where Kevin Smith movies were in this house they were Back in the 90s to you know what? I mean? So it was like a miss a lot of factors to I mean, I think he would even at your I don't know I wouldn't I wouldn't necessarily tribute about think he might even the tribute it may be potentially. So alcoholism during that time to write maybe he was just drinking a lot. He wasn't having a the best decision making that you know, he's probably getting caught up in the spotlights and all that kind of stuff. But you know, I think I eventually when he got sobered up and he started putting his career in his own hands and started directing his own stuff. That's when it really turned around. Yeah. Yeah, definitely something. Like a dictionary can like take hold your life in so many different ways and I obviously don't want to like project anything onto him like sure like speak for him in any way. Yeah, but I bet it's hard to just kind of be like thrusted into this entire world and to take these he's at this point. He's taking like the easy routes with He's Just Not That Into You with all of those like it's like that's yeah. That's a paycheck. It's probably will do good and then just move on from there. I can't I can't blame him for making those decisions and his people sure but it is interesting how he then goes On to like really kind of take like a 180 180. Yeah in a lot of it came from what you said rb3 taking his career into his own hands. All right, maybe it's a coming coming to Dawn effector or coming to God effect. When you start to say wait a minute, I wrote Good Will Hunting. Yeah a movie that won an Oscar, right? I won an Oscar. Let me start making movies myself, right? Let me start doing the movies. Let me stop allowing these directors to do it for me. Let me stop. Stop putting myself into these romantic roles where I'm the heartthrob, but I'm not really doing anything in my career. I want to be taken seriously and that's when he kind of deserted to be a actor writer director. Yeah, and that kind of launches his career which leads us to our break after the break. We're going to be talking about his directing career, which is I believe a lot more fun and we could talk about obviously his later movies as well and his BBS stuff a little bit not too much because I think we've already touched on it. But either way guys so Zack Snyder. Yeah, and it's more Zack Snyder thing to yeah, either way guys. Make sure you guys tune in after the break we can be talking about Ben Affleck's directing career. Don't you dare laugh at 55 you and you get mad at me. Check out Sabrina's review of The Invisible Man available exclusively on first cup. Enjoy c1l digs deep under our skin with his beautiful writing and directing completely immersing us into the world of our main character again played by Elizabeth Moss. She completely shines in this role. I think she gave one of the most haunting performances since Toni Collette and hereditary we feel her exhaustion her claustrophobia her fear. It's just completely palpable. It's one of those performances. That is extremely Really special I was really blown away as to how one L kind of created this atmosphere of tension, especially with our villain being invisible. It's interesting the way he uses the spaces in the frames and like the voids in the shots to scare us. We feel we feel that claustrophobia. We feel like he's anywhere and everywhere know we're kind of all at one coming on children now, we're going to have a little music. What is up guys? We're back talking about Ben Affleck. And now we're going to get into his directing which is exciting because I feel like this is a step up from what he was doing when it came to acting at least in his previous film. Yeah considering a lot of them were like rom-coms that I didn't care for but his directing movies have all been is it fair to say all his movies have been good RB. Yeah. Yeah. Be sure with Gone Baby Gone. Yeah, people people don't like Love by night, but we'll get to all live by night. I forgot about that. That's the most recent one that a lot of people haven't seen it be fair. I'm one of those people have seen it and I like it. Okay, then if you listen, I like look like he's definitely listening. Yeah, I mean it starts with Gone Baby Gone, which is a actually a good movie are B 3. Yes, Griffin. What do you think about this one? Just this one really put up and I flicked on the map the idea of having Casey Affleck his brother starting this film. He does that to him. Yeah way I feel like he puts him in all his movies, right? There's most of them love them. Love them. They have some behind-the-scenes power on and this investigative case of like, you know, this kidnapping and Morgan Freeman is involved is like the police commissioner what happens when there's like all these things happening with like cover-ups and everything like that. And what's the moral implications of like this whole situation? It's just brilliant. It's one of the most brilliant detective movies. I've seen probably in the last I cater so not not this decade but in the 2000s at least add a great detective story on top of being a really deep moral morality question all around the board. So how far how far should the detective investigate a case that he shouldn't be involved in and once you find the results of that case was it worth it and it at the end to begin with so it opposes a lot of questions I think are really deep and methodical and I really quiet and really really impactful. Yeah, absolutely. What? Well, I think it's a really good like Thriller neo-noir. I think he handled a lot of the twists and turns really skilfully especially for his first time kind of going behind the camera doing all of this. I think he did a really really great job, especially like all the things you said kind of with case that reflects character and just going with him throughout this entire story and then the way it ends and you're kind of like it poses hard questions. I don't want to like say anything just in case anyone wants to check it out because it is really really great. Yeah. Yeah. I mean this to me Z was a kind of coming to form for Ben Affleck where he says these are the kind of movies I want to do I want to do movies that are still kind of genre ish when it comes to like crime drama kind of like you said Noir stuff that people can still enjoy and watch and not necessarily be, you know, boring or uninteresting. This is still an interesting fun that he actually called ropes on thing that he co-wrote. I mean, so he actually has some screenplay credits in this movie. And it leads almost in a progression. I don't know if you agree with this or B3 where he's progressing every movie. He makes he's getting better. He's becoming a better writer. He's becoming a better actor in the movies. He puts himself puts himself in and he's becoming a better director because it leads to a movie that I adore every three and you adore you as well. We you texted you call this movie a masterpiece. Absolutely and that's the town 2010. Whoo. Mmm. I love this movie. One of my favorite movies of the past ten years and that's saying a lot because I love a lot of movies the town man. I saw this one last night in this one's a blast what I love most about this movie. I'll start out I guess is is the fact that it feels like the most Boston the Boston Boston movie there that ever Boston and it feels very much like yeah, I'll get the car. I'm smart. You know, I'm smart. Yeah God. Yeah and it's always like this but the fact that he focuses on Charleston, which is like This very blue-collar poor struggling neighborhood that kind of lives in crime and that most Blue Collar criminals come from and then taking the character of John Hamm almost being the foil. Even though Jon Hamm is just trying to stop these guys from like robbing banks and killing cops. Like it really is just basic human decency these guys disregard but the premise of the story Sabrina considering its he kidnaps a bank And takes a Girl by hostage. And in order to like make her not talk to the FBI. He dates her and goes out with her and falls in love with her. It's so like every watching the movie I was like, oh my God, like if I'm her I'm gonna be like, well, of course, I don't forgive you. You're a freakin you freaking took me hostage bro, like know you pointed a gun at my head and now I'm in love with you last night that Stockholm syndrome, right? Yeah. The kidnappers or whatever. Yeah, it's so fascinating because it is kind of that idea of like yeah, he falls in love with the with the with the girl. He took hostage and I'm like, yeah, that's what shows right from the beginning even when she's doing the code on the safe even from then and he likes takes her hand and he's like just like calm down. Everything's going to be. Okay. I think I think his character is a good person and I think that he just so happened to fall. I don't think he fell in love with her for like to keep it under wraps. I think it just ended up being That way which is a very interesting Furs like wedding story of like how you first met right but the laundromat right? I held you hostage and you know, I think this is a really really great. He the jump he did from Gone Baby Gone to the town and then again sticking with that whole Boston in both of those sticking to like his home his roots, like what he knows. I love that. I love how you texted us. What I thought was so funny that you had to turn on the subtitles because the access that was so strong and like you couldn't because I was like man, I love it. I can't wait to re-watch it and I started watching it. I'm like, oh no, what do they say? Well, I mean I think is the hardest. Yeah. He practiced it for a long time. He's not even from Boston. Oh, he was the best part of this movie. Yeah, and he was an Oscar nominee from this movie. He was and that's served me. So Ben Affleck's career as a director because for Gone Baby Gone Amy Ryan was nominated for his well hi actress and yeah and Casey Affleck was in the conversation for this movie. Obviously Jeremy Renner was nominated and this movie was I remember in 2010 was in the conversation for a best picture nomination to it just goes to show how big and important an actor turned director can super-important invest in the actors. Absolutely because they know the craft. Yeah, you know, it's so well, so they know what they can get out of an actor because they are an actor absolutely but yes, it literally is like, oh my God, I can't understand what they're saying. I'm so sorry. I got to turn subtitles on because I want to to understand even Jon Hamm is going a little hard with the accent. And yeah, it's wild it really is. Yeah and then even going to like Gone Baby Gone, which is like a smaller even with all the twists and turns as like a smaller crime neo-noir and then going from that to like this is like a full-blown like crime Thriller. I love I love that transition like he did with this one. Absolutely. Yeah. Can I say I really want to talk about this movie because it's my favorite Ben Affleck movie full disclosure and it's one of my favorite movies as I said before but it's a movie that I really We talked about Good Will Hunting. Yeah Good Will Hunting and the idea of screenplay and the fact that Ben Affleck co-wrote this movie and it's one of my favorite scripts as far as the way it's done First Act second act third act the the structure the dialogue to me is just so like I love it because it's so witty. Yeah, like almost over the top kind of witty exactly funny in a way that you're like not normal people don't talk like that but you forgive it because you're just like, oh, I guess it's foreign. Because it's Boston but this is also feels so like full and Rich that I just love it. Oh, you know and this came out in 2010 2006 was the head of the party came out soon, which is also another Boston set kind of crime Thriller, but you can see like a notable difference between the way actors are acting and app and the Actors and The Departed are kind of having a little more fun will fit like you could say they're kind of having it up like it sounds like you're having fun, you know, Matt Damon having fun, I think especially mark Cattle Mark Wahlberg's yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Jack Nicholson. Just having the time of his life in The Departed be could tell in this movie. Everybody's like deadly deadly deadly serious, which makes the the funny Boston dialect even funnier because it's like they're saying the most serious like shit to each other. You know what I mean? Yeah. So overall it's just like they do a great job of just blending the gritty realism of the crime Thriller, but making it on top of like a really well-written well acted well performed. Well executed gangster movie. Yeah to me it lives and dies in my opinion. Obviously we can talk about Rebecca Hall and Ben Affleck all we want and Jon Hamm but it lives and dies by Jeremy Renner for sure and his character of being the guy with the gun who's a little too trigger happy and he's like, yeah too eager to kill people and he's a little too happy to kill people. But at the same time it's his friend. He's live with him forever. They're like brothers essentially he calls him brother in the movie throughout the whole movie and it's that idea of like your Miles best friend who you're like I know you're bad for me. But I love you. But oh you're so toxic to me and I got to stop what you got to stop what you're doing, but they don't listen to you kind of thing. But the fact that it's crime it just he's so fun in this movie because he is kind of vicious and kind of evil like he deserves to die bro, like low-key at the end of the movie. I was yeah John hands just shoot this guy. He shot a lot of cops and he killed a lot of cops and and he's the most like I just love I think he's funny in the movie because he's so So over-the-top masculine and and Agro the fact that he's like I feel every time he shoots have you noticed it? I just re-watched it. So every time he shoots a gun he yells Fu I don't want to say the word in case we're going to be demonetized but we're probably all right. I gotta be there you go, but too small to my allowed to drink a beer on here. Yeah. Sure the monetize shout out to Dorian. Hey, well when people down and like every time he shoots a gun He yells that out. I think that's so funny because it's that idea of like the aggressive masculinity of like yelling at you as I shoot you to death kind of thing and the fact that my fate one of my favorite scenes in this movie and I'm sure you know, this one is what Ben Affleck comes into I was just going to say, yeah. Yep, and he's like, all right. Here's what I got is what we got to do. I'm going to take you somewhere. No questions asked and we're going to beat some people up you down and he's like whose car are we taking? And so what are the best lines in the movie and it's a funny line, but it's also like a really well-written line, right? Because that's something one of those guys would actually say exactly. Yeah, and then he goes to the house. He starts beating the crap out of the guy and been athletes. All right, man, that's enough that's enough. It keeps going and he's like, all right, man, that's enough and then he pulls out a gun and shoots a suspect and I started cracking up as I was watching because I was like this guy just like he's like, no, it's not enough. I'm gonna shoot that guy. I'm gonna paralyze the dude like it's the most over-the-top kind of attitude but there's people like that and that's the idea of like this guy who's so toxic and angry and really feels like he deserves to be in what almost like even says it like most people who want to go to who go into prison don't want to leave prison because there's just there's so much more clarity there and he's that idea of like I don't want to go back because I love being violent I love just my violent aggressive criminal ways that's who Jeremy renner's character Hayes and I can't lie in my opinion the scene that really is the best directed scene in this movie out of all the action scenes are B3 I don't know if you're going to agree with me on this is the scene where he's having lunch with Rebecca Hall and Jeremy Renner comes and I literally re watching him and I was gonna add you see I was ripping my hair out and I'm just like I can't I don't see the tattoo because it's the tattoo where she knows she tattoo and it cuts to her like walking out like them and then he's looking at him and she sees them together somebody can't like doesn't see the tag yeah but it's like to she sees him too early on to like kick him out of the area or like whatever it's so crazy yeah and then right when he gets up and he puts his hand over the tattoo as he's getting up because he's about to turn and face her right it's so cold it's so well to me that's that's Ben Affleck directing because that's my favorite scene in the whole movie because you're right it is tension but it is intention done with guns with AR-15s and all this kind of stuff it's tension done with two people sitting at a table and trying to hide the back of someone's tattoo and doing it in a very natural way because he never act you only does it at the very end but during the whole conversation which is like five minutes he's just talking and you realize like oh my God she any time he turns around she can see it and you're just like please don't see it please don't seem like you're dying it's so well done I think this movie is incredible my favorite scene is the end when Ben Affleck Is enacting his revenge on everybody and he goes to the old man as the flower shop. Yeah. He's like Marla and becomes a kind of a fun pop of shooting at each other and they both like if T the clips like this. Uh, is that each other? Look Watts away? No scratch. He literally better than just goes like that but right before that right before Oh, yeah. Yeah, it really is kind of bad idea of like Eve again I go back to Jimmy Ritter, but another one where he's alright I give up. I'm coming out I give up guys after he just keeps shooting and I'm like what? doing so psycho in this movie it's amazing but I got it I got to do one thing before we move on from the town Jon Hamm has the best lines in this movie he is a he's a freaking ball I love every line he says because every line he says is like a jab and he takes the best jobs because in a way he's the bad guy in the movie but in a way he's the good guy and it's that weird line of like he's the asshole FBI but he's also just trying to save a city yeah the antagonist to Ben Affleck this character but like as a whole if this was real life he's the good guy yeah but at the same time he's kind of an a-hole in the movie like he's a jerk and every line he says I love the line where where he goes up to Rebecca Hall all the line drops he has is with Rebecca Hall where he where he's like okay I saw you embedding the criminal taking over and now you're dating the guy all right girl you do need a lawyer and then it cuts that I was like I love that line because earlier he's like you don't need a lawyer and I was like yeah you do need a lawyer and he has like SAS to him yeah and then at the very end where she gives him the clue to leave Jon Hamm is like oh okay I see what you're doing but you know the FBI is a National Organization right okay and I was just like y'all that's it go because he's right it's like bro wherever you hide like you can't hide from the FBI it's the FBI bro my good luck I don't know I love John Hammond this movie I think it's one of his best roles to shyness because I'm not a Madman guy I didn't watch Mad Men so I know Jon Hamm from movies and he doesn't have a lot but this is my favorite role from him all right and it leads us to oscar-winning film rb3 and Best Picture Winner Best Picture Winner first Best Picture Winner to not to win best picture but not be nominated for best director since I think 1933 yeah I know yeah I was going to say no because Selma Ava wasn't it got best picture nomination but it didn't win David wasn't nominated yeah got it got it this is is the first time a movie has ever won best picture got and the best directors and I have been nominated so I must have been something against a flake like it just had to be yeah and I think they nominated from for best actor I don't think is acting in this movie is like particularly like the greatest I think it's probably more desire for the directing if anything that being said our goes dope I mean our goal is if possible lower for me when I come there ranking Best Picture nominees of recent times I was a little bit on the lower side of the spectrum nothing wrong with it though it's a really well told story you put it near the bottom out of the past 10 years probably like six or seven or something like that yeah it definitely benefits from the Hollywood connection I think that's what really made it go and make it such a big successful Oscar winner because this also is equally so about Hollywood yes it's equally about saving these people from these protests as it is about Hollywood so you know it definitely helps in that front I think the Hollywood sequences of the movie are really really funny I think that's really really well done John Alan Arkin Argo fuck yourself is one of the best times I think and recent times. Yeah and Chris Terrio obviously wrote the screenplay for so it has that like yeah. Yeah that like really rich like me T like dialogue completely forgot. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's it Chris. Yeah, it's overall overall. It's a really good movie. The idea of Ben Affleck pain is do named Tony Mendez a little weird. It is for 2012. We got away with that. But overall, it's a really really fun and interesting. Testing movie. Yeah and it again I feel like I talked about that scene in the town of the lunch scene where she's trying not to see the tattoo or you're trying some not make her see the tattoo and how much tension was build up. This is another movie the third Act of this movie are B 3 where they're trying to get on the plane. Yeah, that is tension at the highest level. Yeah like that is Ben Affleck taking it up a notch and really ringing you like at the edge. you see crossing your fingers and just ripping out your hair kind of tension I mean I do remember that scene it's ya know I watched it last night yeah I re-watched it because the only time I'd seen it before was like years ago in history class and I remember loving it then and just never revisiting it which is interesting we have so I watched it last night still holds up like I still enjoyed it just as much as I did the first time even though I remembered exactly what happens like I remembered that sequence but watching it again I was still freaking out like I was so freaking out the entire time and I know they make it home safely but yeah that just goes to show his directing for like all these tension-filled scenes which we see in Gone Baby Gone in the town and our go like the way he's able to direct that he that's something that he definitely he's crafted that well and I feel like that's one of obviously there's a many ways to rate directing and to qualify and really talk about what makes it quality but one of my favorite parts of making quality we can talk about the acting we can talk about the shot selection the editing all that kind of stuff that goes with directing but one of my favorite things about directing and what really makes a director in my opinion obviously the performance is tension building I feel I mean obviously we talked about Lionel last week when you were talking about the invisible man but stuff building tension to me is why a lot of horror movies I wasn't in your Art House horror episode and I would have I would have had a lot to say because I really do feel like those movies these are great movies because they build so much tension and they show the talent of directors building tension is very hard to do when you master it like Ben Affleck you're a good director he perfected that pace he was able to like give us exactly what we needed throughout this entire film it's yeah it's incredible absolutely all right guys before we move on obviously there's a lot of movies we haven't touched on like the BDS is like the Justice League's and all those other ones but obviously we talk about our favorite films and I know one of your favorite film Sabrina is Gone Girl yes talk to me about David Fincher's gone David Fincher's Gone Girl I think is one of the best movies that came out in the last decade it is so Spectacular from the writing the directing performances from Aflac which this entire time you guys have said like you guys were kind of like low-key Throwing Shade about him not being the best actor I agree but there's something about it how subtle he is I feel like that's that's a testament to how good of an actor he is because he gives a really really great performance at the same time as being so subtle and yeah this is him this is him playing him playing him and but gosh there's so much in that movie that I I just love and I don't know like you what do you guys think about it just because from like a man's perspective well before you went on my I really want to want to hear your thoughts because you said you saw it with your roommate right yeah and she was in on it too yeah so when it ended she was like wow what a crazy bitch then there's like Ha ha ha, but then there's like people on Twitter who are like Amy Dunne did nothing wrong and I kind of fall into like that middle area. Well Michael she killed a guy but I get it I get what she's trying to do. She's trying to distance herself away from this entire like all these like societal Norms. It's like cool girl. That's how it starts off when they begin dating and then when they're married she's like wife who does whatever the decisions goes with the decisions that her husband makes so he's like, oh we have to move back and she's like I would have been okay with it, but he didn't even ask me. And so that's like her internal monologue her diary that she's writing and she's interesting and then how kind of living life like that like breaks you as a human and they mentioned that she was crazy in the past with like accusing ex-boyfriends of like certain other things and like framing them. So we got we got a glimpse of that. So that's why I'm like she's not entirely innocent. Not Not Innocent, but but it is so good and I like I like that whole thing of like breaking away from society when she's talking about she's able she's driving away already and she's just like eating like pizza and like like candy bars and things like that and she's just like fuck everything like fuck it like I'm just going to do whatever I want from this point out yeah yeah it's definitely a it's interesting because it has that female perspective but then again it also has there been afflict effect yeah which also gives that male perspective what are you thoughts on this movie man this is a different Fincher movie right I would you is it fair to say that this is different from all his other movies or do you still feel like it's in a Fincher vain I think is very I think it's very Fincher a Skies Tyler Perry in it as that's happening yeah he's actually this actually yeah yeah he's great in Star Trek yeah for the ones he has a lot more scenes in this one but I actually yeah I mean we talked about it during the day if in chapter so this is kind of return is more to the earlier day Fincher you know before or David Fincher like you know he had the crime Thrillers and mystery thrillers early on his career than any transition to doing like Curious Case of Benjamin button and then and then the social network then Girl with the Dragon Tattoo yeah Girl with the Dragon Tattoo slowly got them back into the new like Girl with the Dragon Tattoo I love girls okay tattoo yeah I was going to say I can't be the only one yeah I love all the features movies you can watch our Fincher up that's that's my Rooney Rooney Mara shout out right there yeah shower anymore yeah for sure and yeah I mean this this one this one to me I've always loved longer I think I saw it I told Sabrina earlier I saw three times when they came out in theaters like I just love this movie just from detail to detail from the direction to the editing is has a very fast quick Cuddy kind of energy to it that like you know is very very you know you could tell that it's done in the hands of like a perfectionist like Fincher like it's just like so smooth everything so clean did you hear about that story by the way maybe it's just because the podcast I listen to of the background girl the girl walking in the background how Fincher had to do like a million takes because he wasn't convinced of a background There and he was so mad about it. And I think it was it was Matt Damon. It was an interview with Matt Damon Matt Damon visited the set of Gone Girl to just hang out with his friends Ben Affleck and David Fincher and he said that that David Fincher was like doing one scene in the bookstore where background actor and he was so pissed that they because they wouldn't walk correctly and he was he's not walking correctly. He was like yelling and he was yeah. It was like the David Fincher horror stories that everyone hears about I mean, obviously we We've talked about it every three but it's like, you know, it's real funny like confirmed it. He's like no he's yeah if that's the bookstore scene and that's the scene where they like start hooking up in a bookstore and the entire the shot follows. You die. Yeah follows that background actor walking. So that makes sense that he was so since he's such a perfectionist. So yeah, it's pretty crazy how much of a perfectionist and we seated throughout this entire movie. I like that you brought up the editing the direction because it really is like Matt Fincher is a master I mean minehunters another example of a yeah you've seen all of mine hunter right absolutely mine hunter I know you have a second yeah but it's a really very similar in style yeah and even if some of my color palette palette to yeah it's super similar to Gone Girl it feels like the most I mean Fincher Gone Girl and my hunter connection feels like yeah it's cut for unicorn Girl with the Dragon Tattoo I'd argue is in that same yeah directorial wise but yes always finding this movie got a lot interesting conversation of whether it is a movie where it's not feminist movie it's so interesting talk to me about that yeah I mean well I mean like Sabrina alluded to before there are some who say yeah Amy's crazy like she you know she's unredeemable and there are some who say well no she's not unredeemable she's going she's bucking against the standards of the institution and Society everything like that so like it plays in the both angles of it for me I don't actually know where I land on this I mean I'm obviously biased because I'm a man so I'm sympathetic towards the man position here that's better yeah yeah I mean say I mean like I also see the point of like yeah Amy also being like you know kind of kind of the hero in this story to so before we went on Mike you weren't in here rb3 but I asked Sabrina what it her friend think was the theme of this movie and you said well I mean she thought she was crazy because rb3 when I first saw this movie and the movie ended I literally was like wait a minute was was the point of the movie just like I told you it was like bitches be crazy because that's what I got out of it it I was just like it's interesting is this like a pro fem is like a pause night I fall in between there's there's ways that I could see it and I oh I told a surly ER that there was Parts where I like I don't know there it is it depends what kind of head space I'm in kind of how I see this movie Sometimes I'm like yeah fuck it all like societal standards and all of that kind of stuff but I don't know I think the themes kind of just show like maybe like you know like unhealthy relationships being trapped into something you don't want to be in and then all these different circumstances around you because like the ending they're like stuck together like and and for and it's extremely toxic and it's like toxic relationships and I don't know there's a lot there's a lot in that movie and I fall right in between of the whole feminist thing and I feel like there's a lot that can be written explored and re-watched with this movie which makes it so rich and so interesting that a lot of people can have different takes from it depending where they come from who they are who's their background with their gender and so so for that reason alone it's a great movie so great choices your favorite mine was the town yours rb3 you told me one of your favorite well I want to say this is my Chronicle favorite what one do you want and when I want to mention is Hollywood Story of George Reeves he is not necessarily a story of George Reeves but it's about George Reeves who's the actor who played Superman in the early 1950s TV shows it wasn't a real went out actor he kind of hated it and in this movie it portrays how much of an alcoholic Audrey's became because I much she hated playing Superman back in the day. I mean, this is 1950 and you know, George Reeves wanted to be a movie star but this is a TV superhero show it looked ridiculous back then right. So but as all about how in real life George Reeves was either committed suicide or quote murdered because you know, they ascend determined there's evidence that kind of elusive both, but it was during a time when he was going through a breakup. With the wife of Eddie Mannix now people don't know about Eddie Mannix we talked about I talked about them briefly on the Coen Brothers episode for the movie The Hollywood movie that The Chronic Brothers just did. Yeah. He'll see hail Caesar Eddie Mannix is was like a Hollywood fixer one of those dudes who like, you know, if somebody wakes up with like a dead prostitute and her house, he has to clean it up you fix it, right? So here's one of those guys back in 1950s. He was married to and I forget I forget his companions name was played by day. Lane Toni Mannix and Toni Mannix was dating George Reeves. But Eddie Mannix was like totally cool with it. But as when it because Eddie Mannix was like towards the end of his health and he didn't you know, he didn't he he knew his wife went to move on things got kind of sticky when George Reeves was kind of abandoning Tony and it kind of ended up pissing off Eddie. And the rumor is that maybe Eddie Mannix might have set them up. There are some make speculate that Tony might have killed him herself. So there's movies all The movie I'm explaining all this to say that the movie is actually about a fictionalized journalist played by a Dreamboat Brody who's trying to figure out like what happened in this case and what really happened what didn't happen. So some really really interesting movie a lot of Classic Hollywood stuff and it like a lot of really interesting tidbits about history of Hollywood and the 1950s and Society just in general and alcoholism and masculinity back during that time too. So it does a lot of really crucial thing. and it's interesting how that's like one of the first movies he ever did right early on I believe athletic it cannot 2006 so those deconstruct career yeah but he but it'd be so similar to what we talked about earlier in the episode the Ben Affleck defect and how he's always kind of playing himself in every movie yeah and by the sounds of it it sounds like he's doing that in that way yeah he's playing he's playing an actor who hates being an actor and I think that if there's nothing more that and as indicative of Ben Affleck that's how you know what I mean so I think he's really really great in this movie that's crazy well I mean on that note what an interesting fascinating career so far because obviously there's still a lot more to give do you feel like you still going to direct more movies or do you feel like he's also we didn't even touch on Live by Night by the way yeah I guess I could say where's only by now let me say something that because I do want to say goodbye night will should go down as the welcome the most woke gangster movie ever made it should go back as well as well gangster movie is that a good thing I mean nowadays book is like I mean they used derogatory yeah I use this derogatory yeah yeah but it's all about it's about this again Boston gang member or gangster who during I mean it takes place during like four different parts of his like life I Wanna Party he's like directly fighting the KKK and another part of the story he's like because he has like this African-American or / I think Colombian girlfriend played by somebody and I was always so Donna Miguel as a part in it as well and there's other parts in the movie where he's like it's a gangster movie during the prohibition era but he's actively fighting for like social issues like of whatever time yeah so it's it's all fictional I don't think any of it is real but it is kind of woken and cool so I like cool it's cool it's like the Watchmen hooded a hooded justice justice yeah even though he's a he's a he's a wine oh yeah sure Steve sure for sure I guess I'll check it out you should check it out I mean my people love it and I think it would have it's only two hours and nine minutes you could clearly tell them Cut out chunks of it like they're cut up chugs. There's like a four-hour movie. I think it would have worked a lot better interesting. Yeah. I'll watch put it on Netflix. Yeah. Yeah. Give me that Scorsese baby like it. Alrighty guys with that that is our episode on Ben Affleck. Hopefully you guys enjoyed that listening to that watching that on YouTube. If you haven't already subscribe to this Channel first cut follow us on Twitter and Instagram at first cut CMO and obviously listen to us on Spotify on iTunes and ranked us. Make sure if you watch this only on YouTube make sure you also check out those other avenues because it helps and it gives us a lot of love and we appreciate it all already guys. I am on the dress. I'm Sabrina.