All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all learn so much from each other. So I'm glad we can share this stuff, you know. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I agree. So you're the only swim on in. Well, you were the first term in US history to qualify for the Olympics in open water and and the pool at the same time, correct? So I qualified for my first Olympics in open water and 2008 and then the pool in 2012. So I'm the first and only woman to qualify for both, but I believe it was the male Olympian this past year. I think he qualified in both. Water pulse Innings there has been a male but there hasn't been another female yet. That's pretty cool though. It's a pretty pretty nice thing to to accomplish, right? Yeah, yeah, I'm super proud of it and it's cool to have such a diverse knowledge of swimming, you know across you know, really probably the largest span of distances you can really have so, you know, I it's been fun for me to just be able to have that perspective and share that with others. How are you able to go from the pool and also into the open water at the same time? Did you vary your training or is it Go hand-in-hand? So what a lot of people don't really realize is open water isn't like just a long slow or long fast swim. It's very strategic and the key to being a good Open Water swimmer. I mean part of it is being able to swim for that long of a time, but it's all about just like really trying to save up as much energy as you can and waiting and then right at the end sprinting past everybody. So you do have to have a lot of speed. So, you know, my first Olympics was a 10K Again, that's what it's all about is conserving energy and was sprinting be able to pasture but at the end if you're just purely like a type of person that can just swim for a really long time. You're not going to be able to make that move at the end to win the race. So when I started training for my second Olympics, you know, just focus more on the pool, you know, I was focused on pretty much the 202 the 800 since the 1500 has been added yet, you know, it was very natural because I most of my training I just did, you know slow swimming and then trying to go fast all the Sudden, so then basically for my psych Olympics. All you did was you took out the long slow stuff the energy conservation for like nine and a half K and you just focus on that last Sprint. So it's you know, it's a very natural progression and when you're in Open Water swimmer to you might have a few practices a month or a few practices a season where you go out in the open water, but almost all of your training is in the pool and you know, I was also in a group of swimmers who are very talented in the As well as if you open water swimmers, so, you know, my practices were the same of the people that we're turning to the formed a hundred mile, even though I was training for specifically the 10K when I was younger. Wow, that's amazing and you have a pretty unique story to you know, growing up. You didn't take the conventional path. I mean your family were in the military right and then moved around a lot and then you ended up for going college to become a professional. And a very young age so talk us about your your childhood growing up. What was that? That was like Yeah, so I am just a very all the way or not at all kind of person and I wish I could just chill out sometimes but I really can't I always Dad no, chill, you know, I have to go for it. If I'm going to do something. I'm the best at it. So, you know, I went to my very first one practice and I was six years old and I got out of the water and I told my mom but I didn't want to do any other sports anymore. And I actually encourage most similar to do other sports. But like I said, I'm just not the type of person that can kind of split my attention between several different things Total Drama. I didn't want to play any other sports you more. I only wanted to swim and I also told her I was going to go to the Olympics someday and you know My Philosophy through most of my training was a couple of things. First of all, if you always do what's always been done or if you do it's always been done who get what what everybody else is always got right and that can be applied to yourself as well as just in the in the realm of you know, what everybody's always done. If you do that same thing you're going to be the same as everybody else. So you've got to find ways to separate yourself from the crowd. How can you do more do better in order to rise above so, you know, I feel like that's why I really took a lot of unconventional routes made a lot of you know choices that might not be the use because I just felt like an order to stand out I needed to do something different and the other philosophy always had was anything that isn't contributing directly to my goal is actually against it, you know if you're not for it. Or against it. And so I just eliminated throughout my life. A lot of things that I felt like we're either distraction or that took energy away from my training. So, you know, when I was 14 I decided to do an independent study program. I told my parents that I wanted to do like an online school program instead of actually having to go to school. I felt like there was just a lot of wasted time throughout my day. And so that was you know, I think a difficult choice. I don't think I'd recommend for anybody because Hard to be alone all the time. But you know, I did all my high school and my college on online programs. But now you know, it's that hard bastard. You have Brett I work from home. And so I do the same thing that I've done since I was 14 and I wake up and it's on me to be disciplined and to get my work done and you know, that's it's benefited me now in the long run. But yeah, I agree. I've made a lot of kind of untraditional choices as far as that goes sounds like a very mature. Reproach for a young person. We you being Guided by your parents or did they allow you to make your own decisions or how is that being done within the structure of the family? Yeah, that's a great question. So, you know, I remember my mom sitting both me and my brother down and saying, you know, what do you want to be when you grow up? What do you want me to look at? You know when you think about yourself as an adult? What do you want? And I remember my brother being like 7 or 8 years old and my mom said Colin. What do you want to be one day? What do you And my brother said a big house and a pretty white and so my mom said, okay, that's a good goal. You want to have a big house at a pretty wife? What are the kind of things that you think you need to do in order to do that? So if you want a big house, you probably need to make a lot of money. So you probably need to go to college and you need to get a good degree and you need to work and get a good job. And so, you know in order to do all that you need to get good grades now, right and you know, she kind of asked guiding questions like that, you know, well, well, what do you want? Okay. Well if You want that then here are the things you probably need to do to do that and that, you know made it very clear for us that you know, our actions and our choices and our efforts throughout our everyday life needed to match the goals that we had in the future. So when my mom sent me down and asked the same thing and I said, I want to go pick some day. You know, everyone says, okay. Well if you want to go to the Olympics someday, you probably need to go to practice every day and call me to work on your Technique and you know this that and the other and you know, it made it make sense that you know in order to achieve a high goal your actions. We need to match what your goals are, you know, it bugs me when we're at some camps and you know summer comes up to me and says they want to go to the Olympics some day, but they only go to practice a couple days a week and you know, they're not eating healthy and they play video games till midnight and go. Okay. Well you either need to re-examine your choices every day or you need to re-examine your goals. You know what I really feel like my family instilled that In Me Is You know, if this is really what you want, these are the things you need to do. So, you know, my my parents my parents my family. My mom specifically was the most involved. She was really, you know guiding and encouraging along the way when things got hard but I was always the one that was saying that this is my goal. And this is what I want and my mom definitely wasn't the one to make the decision to not go to school or to not some college, you know, that was more. You know, she asked okay, you know, we had a long conversation talking about the pros and cons of it and you know, okay. Well ultimately, what is it? According to you because she would be she would have probably been just as happy if I would have made, you know, traditional choices to be just a regular college student or even a college swimmer, you know, whatever choice I made you would have been happy with it. But you know, my mom knew that and I told her I wasn't going to be happy or that's not true. I wasn't going to be fully satisfied or I needed to really pursue this goal. You need to really see it out in order to you know, feel like looking back on my life. I didn't have Have any regrets? Yeah. Wow, it's big choices. What was ultimately some of the things where you felt like college just wasn't going to fit you and wasn't the right path for you. Yeah, so probably the biggest thing is I don't like sure course if my Coach when I was training I trained under coach Bill rows of Coach Rose told us that you know guys practice is really short course tomorrow morning don't have anybody to switch the pool. I would volunteer to show up at 4 a.m. And switch the pool myself. Like I just I was not a short course summer. I never did well at short course. I just way preferred long course, so that was a big contributing factor. actor and then you know at the time I was also an Open Water swimmer and I it wasn't clear to me how I would be able to continue my Open Water training swimming for a college team that really more prioritises, you know at the most mid distance events way over, you know, long most coaches, you know, prioritize the relays and you know, I knew I would have probably been a strong release tumor my Hundred two or three cells were strong and I wanted to focus on where my bread-and-butter really was, you know, I also A lot of factors to stop me. I'm going too far down a list. I also You know moving around so much growing up being on so many different teams. I you know went to coach Rose and I was about 15 years old and I was with him for about three years by the time, you know that decision came around and I couldn't imagine leaving a coach again. You know, I just wanted some consistency in my life. I wanted a coach that was going to be there for me and and we had a really good thing going, you know, and I just I really didn't want to have to pick up and move again and start all over. A new coach because you know I know for you know, I know through experience just how hard it is to go to a new team and hope that it's a right fit, you know, a lot of times we move to an area died in a team for a month realize it wasn't really a good fit for whatever reason and switch teams again, you know, it's hard. So, you know, there's there's a lot of factors and luckily for me, you know, I think kind of being a no-till kind of person. I really am very decisive and the decisions that I make I get a gut feeling and I really feel confident in it and I go with it, you know things have worked out. So yeah, absolutely. Really I didn't I didn't really question the decision ever but I do get questions about it a lot. Sometimes it feels like it's a little hard to explain but the most people are understanding at this point. Well, I think you did a good job. I mean, it sounds super logical when you put it in those terms, but I think the thing most people can't come to terms. Grips with because they just don't get that mentality is how you so driven at such a young age how you your goals are just I want to be an Olympian and and foremost 15 year old girls. They may think that for a little while but they might grow out of that or the influence peer pressure wise or you know, a lot of things change but it seemed like you were stuck on this path from a very young age. Yeah, and I don't know if I know how to answer that. It was just something that I kind of had in me. I'm not sure really where it came from. My mom said the same thing. She was just kind of like oh, okay. She was kind of along for the ride. And for the longest time. I didn't understand why other people weren't that way why anybody could you know, for example my brother? He's extremely successful but you know, he was a football player, you know, and I had talked to him about football and be like, yeah, I mean, I'm okay, but I'm not You know the best and they're not know he's like I'm not going to play in the NFL and I'm like, well, why would you play football if you're not going to try to be like the NFL MVP MVP? I didn't understand why he would just go and like train every day with the mindset of you know, it's fun, you know, my friends are there, you know to scholarship. So that's great. And you know, I have a good time. I'm proud of being a football player, but I don't need to be the best it would just drive me crazy and you know now Now as you know 28 year old who's you know married and wanting to start a family soon and stuff. I'm like I kind of hope my kids are more like my brother and more disabled to be kind of chill and happy with whatever comes their way because you know, there are some times when I don't need to be the best there's sometimes when I do wish I could just kind of chill and relax and I'm working on that now because you know at least within my job it's a good skill to have but when I'm playing board games with my church group, that's not really a thing. I want to have come out. You know, so, you know, it's really something that you know a little bit of a double-edged sword where it can be a really good thing sometimes, you know, obviously I'm very proud of what I've achieved throughout my career. It's great for you know the job that I have now, but there are certain areas where I wish I could just do this thing without feeling like I've got to obsess over it. Yeah. How did you deal with failure or in your eyes perceived failure, you know something that you May not have achieved a goal. How did you deal with things like that? Yeah, it's a great question because I think everybody deals with disappointment failure in their own kind of way and it would depend on the circumstance. But ultimately I think with my personality type, I don't think I can really tell you at least in the moment. If I ever was truly satisfied with any Ray Cyrus, ma'am. There are races I was happy with and I was like, okay that was pretty good. Like oh, I won that one or I qualify to this to you, but there was always more. I could achieve and I feel like there's a lot of really high level athletes that have that mindset where you know, they can be okay with a raised. You know, they that was good. But I want more you know, I always I never fully achieve the goal that I laid out for myself, you know, I wanted to achieve a much higher level and a lot of people kind of have trouble understanding that and how I can continue to be driven. But but yeah, I think you know never really thinking about of anything as a failure same way as I never really thought of a success as a real success. It was always a part of the growth process. It was always a part of learning and developing, you know, so, you know a bad race was just an opportunity to learn a good race is just an opportunity to learn and it took me a while to really be satisfied and proud of what I accomplished on my career given that I ultimately didn't win a gold medal on you know. Took me a while to get there. So, you know, it's a I think that growth mindset is just super important, but it can be difficult when the growth mindset transitions into also every you know decent race is also a growth mindset, you know that there's always more but I think that is one of the things that also led me to be successful and I can now go back and be proud of what I accomplished. Yeah, absolutely a lot of great results there and one of the things that kind of comes to mind is in this Olympic Year. Everybody wants to compete for the US in this country What's it actually like competing for the United States of America at the Olympic Games? I've never been a cool kid, you know, I've never really cared about it. But when you're on Team USA and your essay sweats and you walk in anywhere the group people stop and look, you know, you just feel like the cool kids, you know, especially, you know, 2008-2012, you know Team USA was so strong that tells me is when Michael Phelps won the eight gold medals, you know, you walk around with that crew and you just you feel like the cool kid on the Block, you know, and that's something I've never experienced before or sense but you just feel so proud, you know, especially growing up in a military family. I have a lot of patriotism. You know, I've families always hung the American flag on the outside of our house, you know, well, you know my life with my dad being in the Air Force when the last saluting and looking on Air Force bases where everybody there has so much just love for their country. So being able to wear the red white and blue and sing the national anthem. It was it was really really special. I still tear up every time I sing the national anthem. It's you know, it's like my School fight song with not having competed in college, you know, the national anthem is the team that I got to compete on where we were successful. So it's something I'll always treasure and you know both my husband and I are very patriotic. So it's special to be able to have that experience. Yeah you around at the time when cannula do You kind of came came to kind of show the world who she was. What was that like at that time? And she was kind of exploding onto the scene. Yeah, so right towards the end of my career is when she was really exploding. So my second Olympics in 2012. That was when you know, she qualified for the 800 but I actually passed her in the 400 to qualify for the team. So she was third I was second now since it was first in the whole experience of the 12, so I still didn't I don't know. I didn't think of her too much at that point. But then yeah, she kind of came out of nowhere in London to win that 800 and and now watching Over the years her become just this Unstoppable force is pretty amazing. I love that. She's brought a lot of attention to the distance events because I remember a lot of times during my events like, you know walking out for my race and seeing people like, okay it's time for a snack break and being kind of bummed about it, but now people actually stick around to watch the distance races, you know, because what she does is so phenomenal so it's cool to follow. It's cool to watch and to see the sport grow, especially those distance events. You had imagined be pretty tough to be dominant for that long, especially in distance. I mean the amount of work that you guys put in and the day-to-day routine would be very taxing. Is it a pretty incredible from your eyes to see how successful successful she's being over such a long period of time. Yeah, definitely. I mean it's I mean in any event I think you know, yeah distance events. This is training takes a lot of just like I'm not sure stamina, I guess tenacity to just be able to focus for that period of time but I really don't think that this is summer strain on you harder than anybody else. I think, you know if anything some of the sprinters that have stayed on the top for a very long time, I think that's even more incredible. The fractions of a second that you're dealing with just absolutely blows my mind. So, you know, I think just in any event and any sport that you get these certain phenoms such as have longevity and you know, I think the secret to it that I've noticed is it only think about it. They don't really think that they're doing anything all that insane. You know, they know what they're doing is pretty cool. But most of the you know, really amazing athletes that I've worked with and swam with and watch Act just don't think about it. They don't question it. This is just what they do and they just do it and they just keep doing it. And then eventually they decide to stop, you know, they don't overthink the amount of work that they're doing. So, you know, I think long I think Katie Ledecky has a long career on her still. I mean she still fairly young and has a lot more to do but it also be fun to start seeing maybe some other younger swimmers start to nip at her heels a little bit because I think that you know team u.s. A and and around the world to the distance freestyle has even born in them. You know, it's going to be cool to see what happens. You think that there's nobody that's is ever going to be as fast as that but somebody comes along. Yeah, how did you get to the point the decision where you decided that was it for me? You know in order to swim at my best I had to want to swim fast as much as I wanted to breathe. It needed to be a Meade for me. I had to go into every race going like if I don't win this race, like I don't even know what's going to happen. Like I had to have to swim fast. It had to be my entire heart and soul and I just remember starting to have things in my life that were kind of more important, you know, I started kind of making friends I started dating a little bit. it started bleeding swim camps and really feeling like I was coming even more into my own it swim camps and you're just things that started to become as important, you know to me and as soon as there were other things in my life that matter something just didn't matter as much to me and I just wasn't able to put my heart and soul into training that amount of training, you know with it being one of the things that I cared about instead of the only things I cared about so So, you know it was it was you know, again, I'm the type of person that just really has these gutted things from after the 2014 Nationals. I was just like, you know, I didn't swim well at this Nationals and frankly, I don't really care sounds like maybe that's a sign if I don't really care that I didn't swim that well and I didn't really get nervous going into any other races and I didn't want to swim either. I mean, I just like man, this is kind of telling me something and so I decided that Take a little break and see how I felt it just felt right. So the decision to retire was very easy for me and I was able to just kind of transition into a you know, sort of faster stuff and most you other things, but I think the time was definitely right for me. Yes, and now you're the vice president of fitter and Foster swim to us and the leading swim come to our business in the clinic business in the world. How did that all come about? In that position and where you're at now. Yeah, that's a good question. So David our luck the founder of later on faster. He was my agent but I was swimming right after the Beijing Olympics. I had him to let me get some sponsorship deals and stuff like that and he told me you know around 2010. I believe it was beginning of 2010. He said hey, I was like doing these some camps as an opportunity for some of my athletes to make a little extra money. This is around the time also that I declared that I Not going to be competing in college. I did that right at the end of the end of 2009. So beginning in 2010. David said you want to lead some some came to make a little extra money. And I said sure that sounds fun. And he sent me to my first Camp which I believe was in Texas with Ian Crocker and I absolutely fell in love with it. I've always loved kids, you know even more so than I've always known. I wanted to be an Olympian and a swimmer. I've always known that I wanted to be a mom. So being able to go and like swim with these kids with really fulfilling something in my life that I didn't even know was there and as years went on, you know, I said, I'm eating more and more some camps. You know, like I said, some camps are to become even more important to me being really good at them then my performances in the pool. So it's one of the reasons I retired in 2015 and then I was you know doing pretty good at my own social media and David are luck ass. Me if I would, you know help out with some of the thinner and faster social media. So I took over the Instagram account and Facebook and it was just kind of a little part-time thing a little fun thing for me to do on the side of leading some cams and I talked to him like swim lessons and you know, I did those kind of entrepreneurial, you know, fresh off of retirement summer thing for a little bit and then you know, David was pretty happy with how I was running the social media and he said that he needed some help with marketing the That you know, he wanted to add me to the team to help create marketing materials for the company. So that's when he added me on is like the marketing manager as a more full-time position, but I had stipulated in there with him. We're okay. I'll come on, you know for you know, a mostly full-time salary, but I need to take off from work at this time on these days so I can go do some swim lessons and do some other little things and that worked for a little while, but You know, I think I was really coming to my own working with better and faster and David was really happy with what I was doing and you know, the company was in decent place, but, you know, David really had a feeling that we could be doing a lot more come around mid 2018, and he decided that he asked me if he and I could just together just go crazy and see what we could do and so around mid 2018. He promoted me to Vice president he and I took over all the sales and marketing. It was pretty much just him and I doing everything within the company and we were able to like almost as you know, Brett like we're almost double the business this past year. So it was pretty cool. You know, I just it was a very natural transition and you know, David's been a big part of my life for a very long time. So so it's fun now to be able to work alongside him and and with you to Brett better and faster has been Just the perfect job for me going from doing school from home as a high schooler and to college and then now working from home. It feels really natural for me. Yeah, I mean me to a lot of my a lot of your story and your connection with David is similar to mine. We you know, we had a very similar ownership in that sense and progression to where we are now and I love working with you. You're sure you're one of these people that just gets gets it and gets hard work and understands how to Get things done and I think you just learned that throughout your career as a swimmer. And I think I think storm is make great employees, right? You know, we look we know how to do you know how to work hard and we don't we don't make excuses when things don't go. Well, we just figure out how to get it done, you know. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I agree. Yeah, so that's good. Well, so what's on the horizon then for you? Just got recently just got married, right? Yeah, I got married in September and my husband about two days after our wedding. He accepted a position at Tesla. So he's actually in Germany right now working on getting that gigafactory out in Berlin going, but hopefully he'll be home by Valentine's Day. So yeah, he's working really hard and really proud of him and we're loving Reno. I just recently started making friends. I've got dinner plans tonight with a couple from the church that we go. Bill, so it's just really establishing ourselves as a little family and hopefully starting to grow that family at some point soon to so, you know, a lot of exciting things on the horizon not maybe as exciting as a lot of people think compared to the rest of my life, but everything that I've got going on now is so so incredibly exciting and it's just so fun to be newly married in a new city, and I'm just having a lot of fun with it. So, you know, I'm just planning on just continuing working really hard with her. And faster, you know, we've got big plans for this year to do a lot of swim camps and I'm really excited about that and just seeing the growth and you know, we're hiring also we're looking for somebody to help out with with my role with him had a growth that we've had so, you know, you guys can start kind of keeping an eye out for that. But yeah, it's big I mean everything that we're doing with better and faster and in my personal life is exciting, so Yeah, that's awesome. What seems like right now? Yeah, you're in a great place. I really happy for you. Love working with you and thanks for sharing some of your story today who appreciate it. Wow, yeah. Thank you Brad. I love being on here. I have me I'd love to come back anytime and I'm excited to continue listening. I subscribed on YouTube and can't wait to follow appreciate it. Thank you, Chloe, and I'll talk to you soon, right? All right. Thanks Brett by Papa.