Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now and let's start off with a brand new podcast.This time I've invited Matt angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is but he's working at Atlantic Records and he's a genius when it comes down to the music industry. So he's a wise man with a lot of value to offer so It's why I decided to invite him again and go over the world of streaming for this time. And we ended up talking a lot about what you can do as an artist to get signed to a label like Atlantic Records because it seems impossible but there still is an opportunity for you guys. So let's get started. Yeah enjoyed listening to my talk with Matt angermann. What's up Matthew? Are you hey, how you doing, man? Oh good man. Great. Yeah, how is how is the baby life treating you? Good. I have a three-year-old son and a baby on the way. So on the way. Yeah, she hasn't arrived yet, but six to seven weeks ago, so exciting times. So the household ready for the sleepless nights never ready for the sleepless nights unless they're in a dark Club at 6 a.m. Exactly I can imagine. Yeah. Thanks for taking the time to do this man. We're for everyone who's listening. Listening or watching they might have seen before we've done this I think about a year and a half ago. Yeah. Yeah, it was awhile ago and the pace of the industry things change so quickly that I'm sure it was a different time then you know, yeah, I'm not sure what we would what we went over to lost time. But the main thing that I wanted to talk with you about was the whole streaming thing because I kind of feel that things are changing. Somehow and I was wondering like how do you deal with that as in? Yeah, how do you deal with that at Atlantic Records? Um, well what you say things are changing I would say that the biggest change is General growth overall. I don't have the stats in front of me to be honest, but the rate of growth on the streaming side is enormous and You know, not not just that one specific partner or digital service provider but across the board there's growth industry wide and you know, the good thing is that it's not there isn't just one player. There's multiple players in the game and you know, in order to sort of Thrive, you know competition is really helpful and it's a fun time to be in the business right now that being said It's also very challenging time. You hear all kinds of different numbers. But the latest number that I've heard is that there's 70,000 new songs delivered to digital service providers per week. So 70 thousand songs every single week. If you do the math that is an enormous amount of music and therefore there's a lot of clutter and cutting through the Clutter to find the shiny diamond. Or to identify and and grow that shiny diamond is really challenging. So we're faced with unique challenges but also unique opportunities. Yeah, and how do you how do you think that that a label does that differently from old that releasing by yourself? Because all those DIY distribution channels are available now. Yeah and what failure what value can label like Atlantic for example deliver in that matter Well, that's a very good question and something that we're faced with Delhi. There are a lot of you know people that think that they might not need a label to help them grow. And you know, there's certainly some truth to that. What I would say is having the support of a label gives you an army behind you and you know, you could win a fight as a soldier, but you can't necessarily went to war and you know having a label to help you in. All the different aspects of your career not just getting playlist thing or you know growing your streams I think is really impactful but helping you creatively grow as an artist in not only musically but in terms of your merch and you're touring and your you know, your your sinks and your licenses and your radio story, there's a lot of different. Lane's that labels used to help market and grow an artist that independent artist can certainly do but I think it's a lot more challenging. Yeah. Yeah. I totally agree. But do you think that because on one side? I'm a big fan of releasing tracks yourself depending on the situation of the Artist as in getting signed by a label is it's getting harder and harder because as you mentioned 70,000 tricks of those Tracks there's probably 30 or 40 thousand artists who are trying to get signed and most of them sent their music to the same labels to the top 20 labels worldwide. So where I see the value of releasing a track by yourself simply is when you're not being recognized by a label or simply didn't get hurt by a label. You still can get the advantage of releasing it yourself in order to get noticed by a Label by high-performing tracks for example or yeah. Yeah, I mean, so you're absolutely right and I think one of the biggest sort of changes in the music industry today is it's so data-driven, you know in the old days it was driven by God and sales and you know things like that nowadays, you know, the machine tells people like tells us what what is reacting and what is it? It tells our partners what's reacting and what isn't so, you know, there are certain things you can do to influence that but for the most part, you know, everything is at the mercy of performance of a song. So when you release something independently if you don't have a story yet it helps you to build that story to the point where to your point. You start getting noticed and I think at some point you reach a a time when you have to kind of decide if you want to partner up with a label or if you want to continue to do it on your own and I personally believe that there's a ceiling to how far you can go if you do it on your own there's probably five maybe ten artists in the world that have achieved Mass level success by doing it on their own if even that many so I think having labels support is always great if you can get it but Your point again the ability to put things out on your own is something that is a lot easier than it was 10 years ago and 15 years ago. I think YouTube and SoundCloud have always been a little bit easier, but now eat it with Spotify and apple and some of the other you know places that music is discovered. They made it a little bit more accessible for artists to do it on their own. So knowing that there are so many music that gets released every week. It's knowing that there are so many artists who want to want to get signed. What is the best way in your opinion to have the option to get hurt by a label build a story, you know, it's you know, we use the term moves the needle in the business a lot. Like what moves the needle, you know, what drives a stream to grow, you know, and the reality is that there Isn't necessarily one thing outside of major radio play or a massive Global sink, you know that can take you from zero to a hundred. You know, I think we see things like Tick-Tock becoming very important. But again, it's a crowded out there and take talk to so not every song is going to become a tick tock of viral hit it certainly makes a difference, but I I think you know creating a story for yourself is what's going to get your attention and the way that you create that story because there isn't one thing that moves the needle is to literally do 20 things and hope that those 20 things collectively can get you noticed. Yeah, and when you say build a story, what is it that you exactly mean? I mean basically have a week over week stream growth in either one territory or a Lee and you know showing adoption showing that people want to own your music by saving it to their own libraries and adding it to their own playlists and you know, we call that user collection growth seeing users add songs to their user collections that shows adoption that's the new ownership and so we we look for those kinds of things when identifying whether something is it or not. It's actually interesting like making the call comparison with saving it to a playlist with buying a CD. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's crazy because in the old days, you know, we used to build demand toward a purchase. And then once that purchase was made, you know, you had your money you had your dollar or however much, you know, you song might cost to buy so you would build demand to that now because of the way streaming works there's a long tail at the back of it. And so you're starting from when the song is released instead of building to that purchase. Actually building from the release backwards and hopefully growing that stream but you know, it's not just about having somebody buy something and then you don't care what they do to it with it. You don't care if they listen to it again and again you in this case you need people to listen again. And again, you need them to adopt it and own it. And now once they've saved it, it's you have to have them play it over and over again in order to make money. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, it's super interesting because if I have a look at my own behavior, like I only have one playlist in which I have like my favorite songs not cherish our related just all the songs. I like are going in that playlist and I never delete one and I have that place for over probably for five years. So there's like four or five hundred tracks in it and it just I just turn it on and put it on shuffle and it keeps going you know, yeah. Sure. Yeah. I've got the same thing my own personal private playlist, you know. Yeah, super super interesting. But so the way to get signed to a label is building a story and what I see happening with a few of my clients is that they started building their story like a year ago. And now the labels are reaching out to them. Yeah. Yeah inside of the other way around right? Yeah. It's it's a it's a it's sort of an interesting thing because if you go on in on something as a label and it's Early, you're taking a risk, but if you don't get it on something super early, you're also taking a risk because then you know other labels are going to be interested and at that point you start getting into you know, like a what's your book call it like a bidding war hmm, you know where your your worth is more. So in some ways as an artist, you're almost better off kind of getting to that point where you're you're big enough that you've now created that interest and I think the forward-thinking labels do reach out and invest in things before they're at that level and you know, it happens. I think both ways sometimes the labels get in early. Sometimes the artist the labels are late and they sleep on things and they grow to a point where they're so big that they're could your now competing with a lot of other labels. So yeah and with something that popped up in my mind, what was it? Oh, yeah, the long-term and short-term deals as in what I heard and what I've seen in the last couple of months is that there's a lot of labels were only looking to sign long-term deals with artists because they want to build towards something and not just sign one off, you know, like sign long-term deals. Yeah. Yeah. I think we are of the mind that we're in that mindset as a label and I do think most labels are more interested. Long-term deals now than in the one-off single signings and things like that. It's just, you know, if you don't invest in an artist and help them to build their career, you know, you're going to end up just using your time to have a One-Stop one story, you know, instead of multiple stories. And when we do long-term deals with artists we want to invest in Our time and energy and effort and money in building them as an artist instead of just as a song. Yeah, if open is if you signed a short-term thing or a one song dealer an EP dealer something then you're basically just building a song and at the end of the day, there's so much more value in building a career. Yeah, but there's a risk though for labels because let's say you sign for five years and you are building that career with an artist often at five years that artist has the option to Leaf right they do and you know, there's a constant negotiation and renegotiation with artists and you know, it's yeah, I mean, you know, there's it's rare that there's a deal that's beyond a length of time that's comfortable for both the label and the artist. So I think there's a you know, their every deal is 100% different. There's not two deals that look the same so, you know, I think I think that there is yeah. That's true. Okay, we're safe and with the whole Tick-Tock thing because I noticed it as well, but there's a few couple of tracks that just really pop through the whole Tick-Tock and movement. Oh, yeah. Is that something you take in consideration? I'm not your I'm not sure if you're responsible for the marketing of tracks. I'm not no. No, I'm not not in the art digital marketing department is really more responsible for that and you know the problem with with tick-tock. And other sort of viral stories, you know to remember the Harlem Shake by Baauer and that whole like everyone was doing that thing, you know, the Harlem Shake and all this stuff. I think you can't force virality, you know, and people try all the time. You know, we try everyone tries. It's human nature, but when something truly goes viral in whether it's on Tick Tock or some other, you know mechanism it's it's an intangible thing that I think is not creatable or forcible and people feel it if it's forced, you know, look at okay go who had that song where they're on the treadmills videos like years ago and not only that but that that video went viral and for a long time people were trying to recreate similar circumstances and it just didn't work because you know it so I think at the end of the day creativity is going to be what drives The future of the business at the artists that are more creative are going to continue to thrive because you know, it's you have to separate yourself somehow and if you're just putting your music out there and hoping that people listen and like it then you're more than likely going to fail. Yeah because you need to offer more than just your music, right? Yep, and I really believe that that's where content comes in as in that's Swear, you can differentiate yourself from other artists because that's where you can show your personality like. Yes. Yeah lot of musics. Sorry. Yeah. No, I was going to say I totally agree with you and one of the things that we tell our artists and managers is you know, things that are Being looked at by our partners and by our the dsps. Is engagement and connectivity and how engaged in artist is with their fans. Now what that means is, you know For Better or Worse social media is just a intangible and integral part of a con artist campaign. Our partners are living on social media. They're watching they're looking at how artists engage and interact with their fans. They're you know, they're watching that very closely and you know content is one of Things that you can use on social media and and outside of it to differentiate yourself more. So I think creating lots of pieces of compelling content is super important. I think be active and engaged on social media is important. But I also think that there's other forms of Engagement with fats touring is really important. I think that's where it's one thing. Yeah, but that's really hard because stirring most of the time only comes once you've got the success with your music, right? Yes, and no, I mean I think that if you look at you know some success stories in the past, you know artists that grinded and opened for the opener and did House parties and DJ that you know universities and you know, like did radio shows in the middle of the night and you know, put themselves out there in any way shape or form put themselves in a better position than artists that are saying, oh I'm not going to do that because Not at that level yet, you know, so I think you have to grind in today's music business you have to work. Yeah, and we have artists that you know, some of them are just the hardest working artist you ever met, you know and others they're a bit more lazy quite honestly and they are expecting things to be handed to them. And you know, it's I think important to remember that when you're competing meeting with 70,000 people a week to get your song on a playlist or to grow your streams. You have to grind and work really hard and never stopped working. It's a 24/7 job. Yeah, exactly and it's a worldwide business right now. Yeah, so it's not like you're only focusing on your case the states or in my case. The Netherlands was or whatever. It's the whole world at once. Yeah, and that makes it pretty difficult as well. I guess it is it I mean there are still certain stories that can be developed regionally. And locally we have artists that have thrived in the nordics and from there sort of spread to other territories and then ultimately come over to the United States. We've had other artists that have started as big artists in the United States and then ultimately have come over to you know, Europe and other parts of the world. So I do think that there's still an advantage to building a story. Locally and you know having that spread out, you know, it doesn't always happen on a global level. Sometimes you have to start in your town and then that becomes in your city and then that becomes and then people start hearing about you and you know, oh did you know about that artists? They're blowing up in you know, Dublin or in you know, Houston Texas or whatever. It might be and it starts to spread from there. And I think that there is some there's a good About that comes from that. Yeah, but again, I think that that's the story that you were telling about in the beginning. You know, that's the story from that artist. Like I've started here and I started grounding and grinding and building it in my hometown and then went to locally and like blah blah. Yeah. I mean, I love this story of Avicii, you know, I remember when I was, you know years ago and Vici was first starting and he was putting out songs every week. Yeah. It was so much. Sauce on the blog's multiple songs sometimes in weeks and there were hundreds of songs out in a year. And the thing is with him. It wasn't just quantity. It was quality, you know, and everyone was starting to notice, you know, but he grinded in the beginning and really worked hard and you know, there's a lot of artists nowadays that are looking for a paycheck, you know, and I see I find in When it comes to remixes sometimes, you know artists they take the paycheck they do a remix and it's okay. It's not revolutionary, you know, they just wanted to get the paycheck and then put it out and see what happens and you don't see them supporting it in their sets. You don't see them promoting it and it's the same thing with featured artists sometimes an artist features on a song they get a big paycheck and then they don't support the song and it's like, you know, that doesn't benefit you as an artist as a producer it does. Benefit the artist that you're re mixing or featuring on yeah, and you know, if you want to succeed you have to work again and got him to get quality and not just quantity and you can't just take the paycheck. You have to make sure that what you're putting out is creatively up to par. So yeah, it's interesting to talk about of each actually because I still remember as well. He was on the leaving loop block. I want I guess yeah a little bit. Yeah sure and like loads and loads. Stuff went uploaded there and like every week we're looking at is like, oh what the fuck is this isn't? No. It sounds like a Vici sounds with the piano or whatever super melodical. Yeah. Yeah, but I do believe that in some form quantity also matters like yes quality is a thing. It should be quality, but it's hard to decide what's quality or what's not you're a hundred percent right about that and the thing is in a way you almost need both. Both you need quality and quantity because I do feel that if you're the type of artist or producer, especially in the dance electronic space that releases one song every three months or one song every six months, right and you're not doing any remixes and you're not putting any content out there people are going to lose interest, you know, the attention span of kids today and consumers in general which is being grabbed. by Netflix and by all these other various places is pretty short, you know, and if you're not constantly hitting people over the head saying remember me remember me remember me, they're going to forget you and we have artists that I encourage all the time put out bootlegs put out remixes put out Originals put out tutorials put out content put out videos of live live videos put out acoustic videos put out, you know all this These things together and build out a 6 to 12 week plan where every week you're hitting people with a new piece of content. That's the only way to really do it because if you're never putting anything out, you know, you're just not going to be competitive with other artists that are actively engaged all over the place. Yeah. Yeah through I'm a big believer of that like music and content at the same time those shoot level up and then you're on the good way, you know, especially as a An artist the only way to get noticed to build that story to load that story. Yeah, so looking into the future. What do you think small prediction? Like, what do you think is going to happen in the upcoming year in the whole world of streaming. I mean voice activation has become massive in the United States in particular with the Amazon Alexa Echo, you know Amazon are Echo by the Alexa is a massive thing apple is in almost every car with their you know carplay and you know Siri and voice activation there. It's a big thing, you know, people are super busy all the time and everything is about he's and access and being able to say something, you know, is it like play this song or play that song? It's just becoming more and more of the reality of the and I think Going to continue to grow and evolve and I would predict that that becomes a much more prevalent driver of streams as things continue to move forward. I'm trying to think of what other predictions there are. I think you know, another piece of advice for artists is music has become a little bit homogeneous because of the volume and I think creativity in sound and Sonic is going to become more and more important because While songs are still the most important part of her release Melody and lyric is still the most important part of release. There's no denying that a amazing brilliant song, you know is is is the biggest thing creative sounds are also I think important and when you look at the past and what's Driven progress in music in every decade, there's been movement in Sonic, you know whether it was the 60s or the 70s punk turning into disco turning into New Wave in the 80s turning into house in the 90s, you know, turning and and Hip-Hop, you know, and and the evolution of hip-hop and pop music, you know, it's I think very important and I think people are going to start getting bored with the sort of Say meanest of Music at the margin is nature of it. So I think people are going to have to start getting creative in the production and I do think that music is very cyclical and they do say that every 20 years things sort of repeat themselves and start coming back. But there's a there are certain genres that over perform in the streaming space and certain that underperform and I do of feel like rock music and alternative music with guitars and things like that, which were very prevalent in the 90s and even early thousands. I think that there's space for that to come back and grow and right now there isn't that much of that happening and you know, I think that there could be a place for that in the future. I think exactly like the combination between organic sounds and digital sounds is something of course, it has been done before and as a like a Vici with the Album the whole country album. I think that there's a lot of lot of producers that could start focusing on that because the whole digital music is kind of lacking emotion, or I don't know. Yeah, I don't really know how to explain it but it's feels like people are looking for more or more organic things. You will say look at our little Nas ex who you know had a the biggest hitted years last year, you know, he merged bourgeois. Hop with country and you know that was to your point. But what was the last thing you said? Sorry that people are more all the emotion. Yeah. Well a couple yeah, I mean, you know, I think in dance music if you look at the the mid-to-late 2000s, you know, like 2008-2009 when when there was the Swedish House Mafia and David Guetta and Calvin Harris and Skrillex. The energy that those artists brought to the scene. Yeah, I feel hasn't come back in a long time. Yeah, true that the pure energy of walking into a Swedish House Mafia gig especially when they were playing clubs or a Skrillex gig, you know in his early days and even a festival gig, you know, it's it's lacking a little bit and I like a lot of the music that is working today. You know, I think that there's a lot of great music out there, but I do think that there's a spark that is missing a little bit and we need to find that producer that's going to have that spark that's going to create a bit of a movement because there isn't a movement right now. There's a lot of different pockets and a lot of different things working in different regions and different places, but there's no movement and I think we need that as an industry. Yeah. Good point. Yeah, definitely 100% agree with you man. Yeah. It's an interesting time and I think it's harder than ever as an artist. But at the same time also easier than ever because of all the opportunities you have as an artist to release retract yourself and cutting out the middleman in a lot of cases, but at the same time like the amount of people that are trying to become an artist has just exploded. Yeah and for label as well that I think that that's difficult because you have to filter out the noise and to Yeah, try to pick the best right? Yes, sir. That's difficult. So yeah, I want to thank you for taking the time to do this man. I think there's a lot of value that ours can get from this again. Yeah, thank you and thank you for having beginning. It's a moving thing. So we're probably talking in here and a half again. That's her to see what's going on. I want to wish you the best of luck with the upcoming weeks with your family. Thank you. And yeah, let's stay in touch. Awesome, dude. Thank you very much. Always appreciate you coming on. So thank you for having me. Thanks, man. No party. Right, right. Hey everyone. What's up? Its me Joey Sookie, and thanks for listening to this podcast episode. I would really appreciate it. If you would subscribe on this podcast on iTunes or just share it with your friends. We think it could be valuable to so thanks again for listening and see you next time.