Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations.Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California. And for the past four years. I've also beenA professional Trail end Ultra Runner who happens to dabble in the marathon. So dabbling in the marathon means a lot of means different things for different people. Some people dabbling means they do it once a year some people, you know, it means they do it once and that satisfies them. We're sitting here in Atlanta head of the Olympic trials. So I'd say your your dabbling is a little more a little faster than most people's dabbling. So let's talk about that. So Oh you got into marathoning with the goal of qualifying for Boston. Is that is that correct? Yes, so I did not run it all in high school. So I was never a part of an organized team as a kid. And when I went to Boston for college, I spectated the Boston Marathon my freshman year from all the way over the river at MIT, right? Yeah. I had no idea what Marathoning entailed I knew that there was such a thing as people running marathons, but I thought that was only for really insane people who wanted to punish themselves might still be true. But I kind of got swept up in all of the energy surrounding Boston. And for those of you who've been to Boston and Jonathan you live in Boston and you totally experience it all spring it consumes everyone between Hopkinton and Austin for you know for months leading up to Marathon Monday and I think when I saw that for the first time people streaming into Kenmore Square looking elated miserable in pain and also with all the same time all at the same time the whole spectrum of human emotion. I decided that I wanted to experience that and feel what it was like, so what year was that that was Three awesome. So you run a few miles since then and your distance of choice has seemed to grow a little bit. So how did let's talk about the progression from that first marathon into you know, you ran a blazing fast 50-mile this past fall. How did you how did you get there, you know going from a place where you didn't run in high school to winning one of the biggest 50 miles 50 miles in the country. I started by Googling how to run just keep running and came up with all sorts of results. I actually you know was starting from zero. I think the most running I'd ever done up until that point was the mile in high school, which I did not enjoy doing nobody does I had no experience in running and it was not that fun. But I took on this challenge. Okay, I want to run Austin and then I did Research into what that would entail and you learn that okay, in order to register for Boston, you have to have a qualifying time, which means that since I'd never run another marathon before I would have to train for and run a marathon to get the Boston qualifying time and then resistor for Boss 335 at the time. I think this 340 and so I chose another man. Athan that was in the fall in October and was your run I ran the Cape Cod Mario cool, which I didn't realize so these are all the things that you learn from being a total non-runner is I didn't look at the course map or the elevation and was just training around the Charles River mostly working myself up to being able to run the marathon distance. Not even thinking about speed. Or he'll come so or Hills and the Cape Cod Marathon happens to be quite hilly, especially in the last 10 k and a lot of people don't think that the Cape is hilly and I've done the pan Mass Challenge and you learn on the second day of that. The Cape is very hilly it is so I felt like I was prepared to do the marathon but definitely not prepared for the hills. And so the last time came we're really hard. I walked some of the up hills. But I'd run fast enough to be well under the qualifying time. So I ran 333 and my first marathon and that qualified me for Boston. So then I registered for and round Boston. They four straight years after that. My last one was in 2009 where I ran like just over three hours. So one of those years was when was that when the trials were in Boston, too? Jan 8 2008 it was that the day before the open. I mean the the trials the trials that year were the day before the me. Right? Right. What was that experience? Like it was really fun. I have great memories of watching Magda just go off the front and crush it. Yeah, and you know, the course was a couple of loops around Memorial Drive, which is right next to the Charles River and my dorm was on the Memorial Drive. That's awesome. Walked outside my door. Norman watch the women's and the men's trials race. That's awesome. I feel like that here. I think it was separate. It was only the women's race. There are different last days. Oh, yeah. I think they were in different places. I think so. So I've listened to Magda talk about that experience while running along Memorial Drive and it was such an it was so cool to hear her talk about that that experience like right where it actually happened. So let's talk about Maggie. And your connection to to goo and to being a professional Ultra Runner or professional Trail Runner. So you went from Googling how to run Boston to being a professional athlete. So what's I think a lot of people that listen to this podcast are interested in understanding like the life of a professional athlete and sort of the Dynamics of how that works with with Brands. So whether that's with social media or Obligations or whatnot. So, how did how did that start with working with Brands? It certainly was never my goal or intention to end up being professional. I think you know the word professional can Encompass a wide variety of how you interact with the brand and how the brand interacts with you. I think through all of this journey, I've Very much learn to be process-oriented versus outcome oriented. So for example, I get questions all the time. How do I get sponsored? How do I become a professional athlete? How do I get Brands to pay me? And I always tell people don't focus on that sort of outcome because you have to think about how you get there. Right? It's about the journey and it's about the process and for me it was always about how can I Progress as an athlete maybe the path goes towards something that is professional and sponsored or maybe the path is just for personal growth and for personal Improvement. And so when I started out doing the marathons, it was completely I just want to see where I can go. Can I lower my time even more I like the whole the entire, you know, ask that all the aspects of having Being this incremental goal that you work towards that's like I want to take five more minutes off my marathon time. I want to take you know, I want to get the Olympic trials standard. And so that was the first set of goals that I had was I just want to see how much faster I could be at the marathon because if I'm going to do something I want to feel like I'm always improving. I'm always stretching myself the scientist and yeah, yes. Like play with some variables and see what happens. Well, I just have never been a very risk-taking person. You know, I don't go cliff-diving or anything like that. I have to work myself up to doing something like that. So I always liked the process of making small improvements over time and some people like to just In and that's a different mentality in a different mindset and different way to approach things. So I really loved the long runs that were part of the marathon training. And so I think it was a pretty natural progression for me to eventually start thinking about 50 case and Trail 50 Kay's I live I moved from Boston to Marin County, California just North of San Francisco, which is one of the Mecca's of trail running. I feel like in general. The weather's beautiful year-round. We have incredible Trail access and open space if you land. It just smells incredible. If you live in Marin it like you have to Trail, right? Yeah, there's no avoiding it. It's a trail running and makes bread and butter exactly. It's the Run brunch combo, so I started training more and more on Trails meeting other Runners who are Trail Runners and signed up for a trail 50k in 2014 and found that I was pretty good at doing trail running and especially the ultra distances because I think I've always naturally had more endurance versus Raw speed and I had some success in different races and then started talking to Brands because I think back in 2014-2015 trail running was kind of. Becoming more serious professional more Brands were getting involved. So there was a lot of opportunity at that time to connect with people and to connect with Brands. And the first sponsor. I actually had was Camelback, which is a local Northern California company and they reached out to me after I won like Sonoma. Well, actually they reached out to me before the Your eye one likes Noma and gay time in describe. Their timing was excellent because wearing their product when I won but I think that's the I think that's the like critical part that it wasn't it was something you're already doing and they wanted to support you versus yeah. I think I waited for quite a while before signing with amazed what I would call a major sponsor like apparel or shoes. Because one I wanted to figure out what the sport means to me outside of being a sponsored athlete because I think when sponsors become involved, it's easy to get caught up in. Oh, I'm doing it for the money or I'm doing it for the sponsor. I have to do these whereas the messaging behind the sponsor is important is what you're saying for like what they stand for or yeah, I would Allah and I also think that if you want longevity in any sport you have to first Truly be passionate about Sport and know why you're doing it outside of the monetary reward. So for you, is it is it the way you put it was the process oriented but the the attainment of something that you can't do right now and and getting better over time. Is that what it is for you like continuing to level up as as you go? Yeah, I think so, so I think at a certain point where when I was seeing myself, you know winning races or winning bigger more competitive races in trail and Ultra. I thought okay now's the time when I can think about getting a sponsor or getting multiple sponsors, or maybe you know, I can start reaching out to brands that whose product I love so I signed with Under Armour in 2017 and they like I got in touch of them with them through a good friend of mine Topher Gaylord who had joined the brand and was basically starting a trail running team there and I knew that they were kind of new and run and trail running, but I really believe in topher's vision and in his experience with the company and I thought Thought okay. This is a person that I trust to be the leader of this category. And so I was really excited to join at an early time before they'd really fleshed out a trail running program and it's been a very rewarding and exciting Journey with the brand for the past couple of years to see them grow not just in trail running but in run as in as a general category, yeah, I was on the phone with Jamie last week and it's cool to hear. They're doing in Baltimore and Portland and and sort of the Innovation that's happening. But more importantly what they're doing in Portland to help support athletes like yourself and it's a really cool facility that they have and and We had some interesting conversations around Athlete Performance and it's really more than just, you know, slapping a logo on it and calling it a day. Yes, so we were actually all up in Portland last week, which is great timing because we got me all excited I come and race so they have a human performance training center up there where they do The Cutting Edge research and also implementation of modalities in not just training but also, Recovery, so I think having access to facilities like that and also having access to really experienced and knowledgeable people who work there or who are affiliated with the facility just opens up a new like area to support your training definitely. So let's talk. So we talked 2003 2014 2017. Let's jump to 2019. North Face 50 I vividly remember seeing you absolutely in the zone you are like mild 30. Yeah, and I was coming downhill at mile 12 or 13. This is after-after-party cardiac and so descending. Yes yet descending into Muir would yes, and you were so far ahead of the rest of the field that I was like wait. Where is everyone else? And you want and you've lined up at that race a handful of times and it hasn't gone. Well, I have a pretty similar situation. So I'm excited about about how yours turned out. I'm hoping mine does too at some point, but let's talk about I know so I so I'm over 3 and you went 1 for 4, right? So it was actually yeah, so So I registered for it four times. I think so the first time I registered for it was in 2015. I believe and I started the race and pulled out part way because I had a hamstring injury which I'd had going into the race and it's one of those days where you're like met maybe magically it'll go away. No not true 2016. I was registered for the race and I was Putting in a really good training block and fell during a training run. I think two weeks before the race and sliced my knee open and had like four stitches right in the middle of my knee and therefore couldn't recover in time for the race 2017. I was on my around the world Extravaganza trip, so miss the race 2018 are registered and it was cancelled due to the White. Wildfires that's that's funnier. When I thought man if they got meant to be it's just not meant to be that's when I ended up running see IM and then 2019 was finally finally the year when I managed to start and finish and win another race got canceled. It's like you went out with a bang I ended it. Hey you ended as high as you possibly can. We held it enough times so that you could raise it again. And now we don't need to have it. So so I was talking with your coach Mario. So is coached by Mario frioli and I was talking with him and we were at the same shake out the day before and he was just like so high on your potential for that race, and it was so cool to see so what's it like living in the same place as your coach and you go you guys has run a lot together. What's what's that Dynamic? Like, I love it. I love that. I can meet him for runs. He actually used to live much closer to me than he does. Now my husband and I bought a house. It's almost a year ago. Now we bought it last February in Kentfield, and it just so happened to be less than a block from where You and Christine were living. I literally would like cross the street run through a little parking lot and it was his building. So we would just run together a couple days out of the week because it was so convenient and then he and Christine purchased their own home now in Novato, which is way other say 20 to 30 minute drive from our house now, so now getting together takes a little more coordination. And we probably get together at least once every other week, but we try for once a week, but sometimes especially with the traffic patterns. It just gets more difficult to meet up but I like being able to see my coach in person and to actually run with my coach because I am not a very good phone person if somebody calls me on the phone. I have a hard time having like a very detailed conversation with them because I'm I've always been this way. I like hate having long conversations on the phone. So having phone ketchups. I felt like just I didn't work very yes for me to fully convey the things I needed to convey and also having your coach like be able to actually watch how you're running because we all like to fool ourselves. Sometimes we like my form is fine. Really. I'm not totally lopsided right now. So Mario like well when we run, you know, give me little pointers to you know, your shoulders are starting to tighten up. So that's really helpful because he's able to provide Insight on how I look real time for. Yeah, I guess I'm feedback and I trust that feedback quite a lot because he has so much knowledge and experience and It's great to have him especially when we can do a workout together or he can just be there when I do a workout because then he can either make adjustments on the fly or be like hey, you killed it. You looked great. I just love that kind of feedback. Cool. So one thing you mentioned was your the trip that you did in 2018 the 28th 2017 2018 How many countries did you visit on that trip we visited 30 countries 30 countries. So you were working with a family and teaching science and traveling around the world. What was that like? It was so surreal and so adventurous and hard and you know, it's one of the most incredible experiences of my life so far. I think it's something that again I never would have dreamed of doing but it's people say all the time. Oh, that was so lucky or You know what a lucky circumstance and you believe I believe that luck is when preparation meets opportunity. I love that. I don't remember who exactly first coined that phrase but I really believe in the sentiment behind it. I think that we all have these crazy opportunities that pop up in life and when you think you're She is when you're able to take advantage of it. Yeah, right. So I think that this opportunity came about because I learned how to be a teacher. I worked at the school for a number of years met this family and then my husband and I were both in the right time in our life with the right amount of experience in preparation to say yes to this opportunity and to take part in it. I think we learned so much. Much ourselves, you know, we were the teachers and we had to cover all of the academic subjects. So not just science but like math history English Mandarin Chinese. So we a lot of it was figuring out. Okay, how do we teach these subjects and also suddenly, how do we teach the subjects on the back of a dive boat and the Galapagos, you know and our ball, I think one of the biggest things that I learned how to do was how to be adaptive and flexible and to not sweat the little things because on a huge trip like that. First of all, you have almost no control of the itinerary, especially when you are an employee essentially so we just had to go with the flow of with whatever was next up on the itinerary and sometimes the As we get changed and you be like, okay, we're going back to the hotel packing up and going to a different country. So do you think that takeaway lessons like that are able to be transferred into running? Absolutely. I think after that trip I became much more. Okay, when things don't go your way right when things are when like for example, I don't get nervous about travel at all anymore. Like I know. I know how to travel. Yeah, I know what systems I need to have ready. Like we were literally in different hotels. Sometimes every two nights for like six to eight weeks in a row before landing somewhere. We were a week was yeah an exceptionally long time when he would stay in one place. I had a trip like that in high school. I was in Israel on a six-week program. And yeah if you were in the same Bed three nights in a row like that was lovely and you just like you just figure it out and you don't have time to sweat the details because it just doesn't matter. It's like okay pack what you need and you'll figure it out from there. So we're sitting here in Atlanta. It's three hours ahead of where you live. Does that play to your favor with a 1220 race? I definitely appreciate the 1220. Resources like 6 a.m. Yeah Maurice on the East Coast. So I think that the time difference won't be as critical for all of the athletes who are arriving from all over the country. It might actually be more difficult for the athletes who are East Coast. Oh, yeah. I mean like who runs at 12:20, right? He's prepared to it's pretty luxurious. Yeah, and I think it will definitely help because I certainly couldn't fall asleep last night. Yeah, just because my circadian rhythm is not there. So I appreciate the later star and I'm not so worried about going to bed at a certain time or like forcing myself to go to bed or taking melatonin. Will you sleep in pretty late on Saturday? I will probably be too nervous to actually sleep in I'll sleep in as late as I can. I'll set an alarm probably for nine just to make sure I have something that will remind right. You got a raise in three and then I don't think I'll actually be able to sleep till 9:00, but that's the goal anyway, so I know you love food and you love eating. What are you going to be eating on Saturday morning Saturday morning. I will have stroopwafels and almond butter. That sounds lovely black coffee, and I can't eat very much before. Ray's through even though the races later. I'll just try to keep it mellow. So my metabolism good get revved up and hopefully I don't show up hungry, but I will most likely just nibble on stroopwafels and have a gel Before the Race and cool. Well, yeah, you don't have to move very far to get out to your balcony here my indoor we're in doorbell balcony. We're sitting I guess the theme of Atlanta is just wide open spaces. And so I didn't do his wide indoor. I don't In indoor spaces, so it's is a really open just lots of lots of space. So we've got a really exciting race. Are you nervous? You don't get to or are you a little disappointed don't get to watch it unfold or I guess you do watch it get the watches out for watch the race around me. People die. Don't I won't get to see how the front of the pack unfolds but there's always the rebroadcast. I can definitely turn. So the the Women's field I think is particularly interesting this year. What's it like to be starting with a pack like that and racing with a pack like that with that much on the line really fun. I think having a lot of people around you provides a lot of energy. It also means you kind of have to be careful because this course has a lot of turns a lot of rather sharp turns and I've seen people wipe out whether at the trials are at other marathons when they've been in a Pack and everyone's like trying to get the tightest line track. Yeah track elbows. I think for the first couple of Miles. My main goal is just to stay out of trouble and stay calm. That's kind of one of my mantras that I take and especially into Ultra races. Like you always just can't lose your shit because it's not Old Duke because somebody else did you rail your race really fast? And you know, don't be worried about what other people are doing. I think the nature This course is so Rhythm breaking with the turns and the hills that I think a lot of people are probably going to start too fast and too hard. So my goal is to keep the effort level low on the low end at the start and you know, wait for that last lap nice. So one of the things that has been talked about a lot the hills so some people are saying oh it's so hilly. It's so hilly and then on on goo on the documentary that that good put out you have squabbles saying it's super hilly and then you have you saying it's not Haley. I'm a trail Runner this 1,300 feet. That's like one climb. So so there are a lot of children errs running in the trials. What what do you think? What do you think that'll be like going from? Type of race where there is no we're paste doesn't matter and I guess, you know paste matters A Little Less in a in a race like this or this is a time trial race, but what are you going to carry over from from trails to to the trials? Maybe that'll be the caption of this podcast Trails through the trials. I think the main thing I'm going to carry over is how to pay attention to effort. Versus splits. I don't think that this is course is very conducive to keeping track of every mile splits because it's just always a pillar always downhill so you can easily get into your head if you start looking at your splits. Do you think that favors the trail Runners? I think so, I think it favors people who have strength and also who are experienced on rolling terrain whether it's Trails or road that they've On I think people will be surprised how much their Pace will vary between when they're going uphill and when they're going downhill and a lot of times that can be a mental hurdle because you might look down at your watch and see like, oh my gosh I'm doing is 645 right now, but when you're running that kind of terrain on Trails, you're always more concerned with your effort level. Like is this a sustainable effort at which I'm going uphill and then downhill? Well, you can open it up a bit more but you also don't want to totally guess it because you'll destroy your quads. So I think go but having trail running experience is going to be great, especially for this course because we have lots of turns. I know how to stay upright and stay safe. I know how to kind of measure out a certain amount of effort over Rolling Hills and rolling terrain and I also how to not overcook it on the downhills and what what is your what is your take on Jim? Everyone's been asking the Walmsley questions Walmsley question. I think we'll go there on this too. I think he's going to do great. I think this course plays to his strengths to speaking of coming from a trail background. I mean, he's certainly shown that he can perform on race day. He's a great racer and he will give it all and I think that his Recent block of training has been off the charts. So as long as he's not he's been following the Japanese. Yeah. So as long as he's not overdone it which I think if he has, you know, that's certainly a strategy that worked for countless Runners before him. I think that he will make a mark I think a lot of it will have to do with what the other contenders and what the other men's frontrunners will do. Like are they going to take it out like a time trial and try to hit certain splits and you know Whittle the field down immediately or are they going to have a big pack that goes out together and then someone might put the hammer down later in the race. So I don't know we will see this podcast podcast will come out after the the race. Happened. So yeah, I think he could be top ten. I just don't think he quite has the leg turn over to make top three but I think he can definitely do well at this race. Yeah, I think there may be some interesting surprises on both the men's and women's sides decided and I hope that I hope that he's one of the happy surprise. I also think there's going to be a lot of Carnage. Yeah. I was her term we use a lot of Trail racing, but I think it's going to happen on Saturday. I saw a lot of Carnage at North Bay speaking of Carnage. Yeah, it's it's it'll be interesting. We were trying to decide where we're going to spectate from and we landed on the three mile out and back stretch of Peachtree because we see the runners 6 times their yeah, but it was like but the the last five k Loop would be just fascinating to see you'd have time to get there. Well, awesome. So what are you gonna be doing post-race? I'm going to find somewhere to get a really large meal Saturday night. I am I always go for burger fries and some sort of ice cream nice post-race. So that's what I'll be doing. So let's talk about your food. Let's talk about nutrition for bit nutrition seems to be something that you focus on. You have mature skin sponsor goo their tagline is eating his training and you post these delicious meals on Instagram all the time these bowls that you you eat look incredible. So let's talk about how you use nutrition to facilitate recovery from all the work that you do. I think that you should eat Whole Foods. So that means I don't buy a lot of pre-processed products. I think that you need to eat a variety of foods. So I am like, I don't want to say that I have I follow you no strict diet guidelines other than the concept of eating Whole Foods and to eat a variety. Variety of foods. So I like to cook a lot. I eat a wide variety of meats vegetables fruit grains. I eat desserts, you know, I like to know how my food is made and who has made it. So I prefer to go to like the local bakery. I Made bread and butter to get bread or to get pastries because I trust their quality of ingredients and I trust the process that they went through to make those Products and I think that a lot of people under fuel themselves which impacts both race performance and life. You know, I've definitely fallen into the Trap of like I'm going to train a hundred miles a week. I'm also going to go to work 40 hours a week. I want to maintain all my friendships and eventually something Something's Gotta Give. And a lot of times when people feel that way it's because they're not eating enough and I definitely now appreciate that feeling of being hangry, you know, where you suddenly become not friendly like kind of in a bad mood and not really able to function and I'll recognize. Oh, I just need to eat more food. Yeah. I think I think and I don't know if it's if it happens as much and trail running as it does in Road running, but I think that that's so major Missing piece for a lot of people. I think that you know, we see a lot of bone stress injuries and there are certain bone stress injuries that it's under fueling that's likely the biggest contributor to it. Yeah, I think especially for women, you know you fall into the female athlete Triad which I think they've renamed R&S you read us and that's a dangerous cycle to follow. Two because yes, it's true that the lighter you are maybe the faster your times will be but longitudinally you're going to pay for that. Yeah with a stress fracture were over training or just a week into me. I think the problem is that it works and then it doesn't work and it works until it doesn't work and it's not a sustainable approach in the long term, but it's sexy option in the short term and and you get you know, women in a college program for years three years. That's all that matters. And that's the problem. It's very results-based. We were talking about the process versus the the results when your college coach incentivised to win you'll went you'll do what you need to win versus. I forget who I was having the conversation with but they were suggesting that we have some Metric for college. Is that incentivizes them based on how many of their athletes are still running? Post-collegiate Lee? I think a shocking amount of Collegiate athletes. Don't run. Yeah, even two years like a year or two years because they're burned out. So I think figuring out structurally like how that change needs to be made is is a next step. I often think a lot about how thankful. I am that I didn't go through a high. School or college running program because I think I would have gotten her burned out or that stress would affect my future running in the longevity of my running. So I think one of my goals is to keep running at a high level as long as I can and I think part of that is you have to let go of this like certain body image that you have to achieve or that you associate with being a professional distance. Runner and you have to understand that that's so much stress on your body to maintain that level of leanness so that level of lightness that you can't hold on to that for a lengthy period of time and now I actually am kind of secretly happy or proud when people say like, oh you're not as skinny as I would expect a an A runner to be and I'm just like good like a backhanded compliment. I guess we're compliment. You know, it's weird to compliment people on their bodies. First of all right away because you never know what someone's experience with their own bodies like but so I would encourage your listeners to never comment a runner that way. Yeah just sounds weird Okay so fast forward 10 years. What what would you be really? Cited about having accomplished. Hmm So in the next 10 years, I will be excited. So going again to process versus outcome. I will be excited. If one I'm still running and training and racing. So I think accomplishing another 10 years of running the way I want to run which is to train seriously and really seriously, I think that could be Would be the best thing that I could possibly hope for, you know, you never know what will happen in terms of injuries or life or health. So if I can maintain good health good happiness and my love of running that will be a good 10-year goal. Nice. I was talking with a friend yesterday about another friend who is a very good trail Runner and and the decision week. Came to us, you know, if he just runs for the next five years without getting injured. You could be the best ever. That's just like the hats the secret just don't get injured just consistency and I think that's like the unsexy secret to success. It's just like Be good at being good. Not you don't need to be great. You just need to be good for a long time and it is hard sometimes because you might see other people or other things happen where you're like, wow, they made they like had a great result made a big splash suddenly. They're everywhere like people flock to them or sponsors flock to them and That can be a little bit challenging if you're someone who's you know, not so much of a leaping in making a big splash, but be patient definitely what do you wish people knew about you? I've done so many podcasts but I feel like people already know everything about clearing up. What are you? What are you scared of? I think I'm scared of. Hmm. That's a great question. I'm scared of. being static What do you mean by that? I'm scared of. Not having times when I'm pushed out of my comfort zone. Like I'm scared of being bored status quo. Yeah, I'm scared of like things cannot Place into one place doing one thing forever. Is that why you love to travel that's part of why I love to travel. It's also part of why I like I'm always taking on crazy jobs or so. Where do you think that text or anything that comes from? I also think that's why I love teaching. Yeah. Yes, no day is ever the same. I certainly wasn't that way as a kid. I think it's just a reaction of having spent a lot of my adolescence and youth being very very results and outcome oriented, especially academically and wanting to know exactly how to get a hundred percent on a test and like following this very narrow. Yeah prescribed way. This is how things are expected to go like you get Straight A's your poly to college like get a good job. This is the progression and I think I eventually realized that just wasn't for me cool. What are What are some things you wish you knew back in 2003 when you started running besides how to run Boston? I'm still trying to figure that one out too. So actually some advice on that would be good and and North Face if you could tell me how to run North Face, I'll be great too. Oh man. I wish I knew that proper Footwear is really important. I think I spent quite a few years running in inappropriate shoes. I wish I knew that story of my 2012. Yeah. I wish I knew how great it it is to train with the community and with other People cuz I started out just running by myself all the time. And now I prefer not to ever run by myself. I feel that so if we see you out on the course this weekend or on the trails and the future. What is the best thing to shout at you as you run by? Well make you will make you smile her or or be more motivated. Oh, I never smile during a I remember that he's like damn she is locked in right now Flow State. My phone does not include smiling. I'm like the opposite of eliud kipchoge the more painful. It is the less. I'm sorry, I think The best thing to yell at me. Well, I'll tell you the only time that someone's ever made me smile at a race is Alex Varner. Do you know Alan Jay Lerner? He was at Lake Sonoma at the halfway point and he was kind of hanging out. I was getting refueled and restocking my hydration vest and he just casually calls me by the nickname that my husband uses for. Amy and I like almost which it out I'm not gonna break that would that would expose the millions of listeners we have out here like I did a double take and Adam on you after the race. Alex was like I almost got you to smile so key takeaway here shout smile. Awesome, we'll leave it at that. Thank you so much for joining today, and we'll see you out there not smiling. Thanks, Jonathan. That's it for today's episode like many long runs. It's sad when it has to end. I hope you join a next week on for the long run. And in the meantime happy trails. If you've enjoyed this episode, it would mean a lot to me if you shared it so that others can find it and enjoy it too.