Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head on over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter. Including forged wheels, which is a new one. It's pretty crazy. Neil's gonna hook up with any tires up to 22 inches and we have superlift kicking in the suspension with any kit up to 2,500 bucks. So pretty good deal and to get injured when it's really simple you just head on over to custom offsets.com. /give away and you pick up either this really cool hoodie. For those of you that are watching or brand-new for this giveaway. We also have T-shirts that look just like this hoodie or wind. Breaker, do these one Breakers are sick. They're super cool. I love windbreakers and then it's super comfy. So yeah, you can get one item 2 m 3 at whatever you want every five dollars you spend gets you one entry in. So the more you spend the more entries you get obviously again just custom offsets.com to pick those up. So I'm super excited for this giveaway. I think it's going to be absolutely fire and the gear looks great. Super great cool. Let's get into it. So yeah, as I said, welcome back to lifted logic today is episode 7 of lifted logic and I'm joined by V. Cody Lawson formerly of custom offsets. Formerly. Yeah. I just have some notes here. So formerly of custom offsets now Rogue videographer for our newest division. Yeah, so we'll talk about that in a little bit today. I want to discuss just kind of give you a little itinerary of what today's podcast looks like. We'll start with kind of who you are. How you Started with CEO and then from there we'll go to why you left CEO where you went what you're doing now, and then the last bit is just kind of what your favorite part is about doing what you're doing now. So after that, we'll have a ask us anything question and the wheel of the week and and then we'll have you on your way. Awesome. Cool. Any questions, nope. All right. So let's dive right into it then so tell us who you are. Tell us what you do. Drive as well because I'll be kind of cool and then tell us how you got started with custom offsets. All right, so I'm Cody Lawson. I currently drive while I was slammed Evo, but for you truck fans, I have a 2011 Silverado which actually scooped up through the company that I'm currently working for which was super awesome to do but 2011 Silverado. It's just simple build right now. Somehow cram 20 by 10 and things into my Doc suspension and you know I get a quarter turn and it kind of these 333 is yeah sucks for driving time. You try to turn it's just yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but we got a pretty crazy build coming here. Ya soon. And it sounds like it's going to be across a bunch of channels including custom offsets. So you guys will see that soon but we have like a full seven and nine lift coming. That's actually getting painted candy purple trucks currently wrapped white archons brand-new. Wheels the Caesars also going to be in candy purple chrome Spike logs the Milling still going to be there L 4X teamed up got headlights. So a bunch of stuff. This build is going to be super exciting which back when I started. I always wanted a truck but was never able to financially really get one. No I could but I would you know, I would struggle and as time went on everyone started getting more trucks here the build circuit and crazier like you In our parking lot now. It's like if you're right if you're on a 6-inch here peasant. Yeah, the stuff around here right now is crazy and that's kind of why I wanted my boys is always my number one, but that's why I wanted to go with The McCoys and then crank it up to the true 9 and go pretty wild but it's going to be big. I'm excited. Yeah, so leading into that you ask How I came about to get into this with custom on yeah, so take us through we've done a really we've had a really good journey with a lot of them the main players in custom offsets and it's been super cool to kind of learn when they came into it how they got involved what their first days look like, you know, so they kind of take us through that so back in the day. I've been part of YouTube ever since YouTube dropped I fell in love with YouTube just being able to create content and throw it up has always been Super interesting for me. It allowed me to express like my creative side even though back in the day and really think I was that creative now looking it's like oh my God. Yeah, so I would just kind of toss up random videos actually got into like stunt riding with motorcycles had my own personal Channel grew my channel to about 10,000 subscribers. I was working construction because I went to college to be a cop realize don't want to be a cop was working construction because that's what all my friends were doing fresh out of high school looks happy. Skills so they just figured it was great. Yeah pays great manual labor. Yeah, but I was working like it wasn't seasonal. So I was laying concrete when it was negative 20 degrees out. I hate it at summer times are great, but the winter sucked and I remember I had moved on to like Excavating we got rained out and I had never heard of custom offsets at this time. They have about 70,000 subscribers. So we're talking 2014-15 I'm probably like 16. Okay, 2016 I would say sure because I've been here for almost three years. Now. We got an anniversary lunch like 60. Yeah, it's good for three years. Hello a little more toward the end of the year, but it's clear enough picture and I was on a rain day and also know I had my phone was blowing up with notifications and I had like 15 of occasions of people taking me in the same post. I was like, what the heck what's going on here? And of course I'm sitting at home. And it was custom offsets is looking for a videographer cheering. I was like what the hell is a videographer? I've never heard of a videographer my life. I use GoPros. I make some videos I upload on YouTube. I was like, whatever. I'll check it out. I look up. Oh I try to call Custom offsets. If anyone's ever tried to call Custom offsets. You can't call Custom offsets. Just nothing, but you can but you all talking to our customers. Yeah, you can you'll know you'll talk to the customer service. But at the time we're at 1060. Okay, literally no one there that you can talk to and that's where I'm trying to. Go and meet up because I looked it up and I was like there two blocks from my house right this time. Let's go. So I call and I started talking to this lady and she starts telling me about like Chicago and this was before like the merger anything. They were just kind of like a ship our stuff. So it was like a gray area back in the day and I finally was like, okay I'm getting nowhere with this. So I just drive over to 1060 and sitting inside the showroom at 10:00. 60 is Banker at the time and I was like, okay, well, whatever. So I start talking this dude Cody banker and I tell them I'm interested in the videographer position. I don't know how to get ahold of someone. I try to call people. It wasn't a thing. I just want to talk to someone about the videographer spot. I'm super-interested and said, okay sounds good. They walk back there. Like let me go grab some people out of the side door on 1060, which was the lunch room at the time walks out. And that was the lunch room back in the day walks out. This short kid and this kid with really long hair and I was like, okay sweet. Whatever's going on. It's Jared and Fuller is like, okay. Well, there's a short one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so they walk out and they both like semi look familiar from like faces around town and stuff like that. But I never once again never heard a custom offsets, right? So they bring me back to bring me through a whole tour which took a whopping like seven minutes because 1060 is Tiny thousand square. Yeah, there's a little building and at this time there's like 20 people, right? Right. So we walk through everywhere. They walk us through the garage and see where the kind of build stuff walk us through this wide open office area was like 20 computers and people like partying and screaming and playing loud music and just look like a blast from the get-go. So after my tour they're like if you're interested won't you come back in a couple days. We'll sit you down for your interview. We don't do interviews like most places. We're actually going to have you come and hang out with us for a whole day. Yes, we it sounds good, but It had me rained out for two months. Anyway, I've nothing better to do whatever. So at this time. I had already accepted a different job with a different excavating company, but I was like kind of, you know, testing the waters says still had about a week and a half before I actually had to start over there come back and next couple days. I hang out. I had my iMac I had my own equipment which was a huge plus right. Once again, just kind of hung out with everyone went out to launch with like Mandy and all the Our people and once again, they're yeah it was it was a riot back thing. So you're doing like I remember like jumping Fuller's BMW and like just the most wild stuff and I was like, I can't believe this is work. Like this is what they do for work and there's all these like lifted truck slam cars outside and just was a it was a blast already and I have my interview I edited I remember lifts and levels is what they started me on so I edited it lifts and levels and they watched at the end of the day and Away floors like Alice is honestly like just like what we would be looking for for listen levels knew nothing about trucks here is a huge downfall which probably why I didn't know who custom offsets was right? So then they say, okay good job. We have a couple people looking for the job. We'll let you know. We're going to Seema. Yes. Okay. Sounds good. See my sweet. That sounds fun. Junior's like I'll let you know in like a week or two and I was like crap already accepted this job. I don't really know what's going on. I leave once again, I live like two blocks away. I don't even get home yet and I get a call from Jim. He's like dude, you killed it. I can't even keep you waiting. There's no way we're not firing you. I just had to let you know how jr. Yeah. Well that is you got to be a professional you but yeah, it's you know, we got we got ya other candidates. Yeah, you know and then the yeah, but Junior plays around a lot now looking back at totally made sense and he's like dude. He totally got it. We're going to go to see Once we get back from Seema for the week, then we'll have you start on that Monday and they got back from Seema. I moved my stuff in and then companies been growing ever since and it's been super crazy, but it was super cool to be back when I was like 10 60 20 people and then to see what it's become now. Yeah up to a hundred and I think we're over a hundred and ten now with the last with the last string of hires. So we're growing at such an exponential rate as crazy. He's crazy. So tell us about growing. Growing with custom offset so you came in you started with some experience started I assume videographer level one, right? Yeah. So tell us about growing with custom offsets kind of because towards the end there and you you transition out before I started here, but towards the other you were one of our top videographer, but if not the top I was the top offsets, right? So tell us about that Journey kind of getting there and and what that process looks like. So the cool thing about this place is like literally when you say Sky's the limit the sky's the limit. You tell him what you want. They'll put you on a plan you get to where you wanted to go. So I took my first couple months just to kind of take things in but I knew right away. I wanted to move up. I took a $12 an hour pay cut to leave Michael destruction job to come to costume offsets and back in the day. Obviously, we weren't we weren't making that much money, but I knew I knew from the interview. I didn't want to leave. I didn't want to go home when my interview was done. I was going to stay there and like At that moment. I knew that I wanted to work here. So I took the $12 an hour pay cut and I was like whatever once I came back like at your level 1 you can work your way up and it was just instantly what can I do? What can I do? What can I do at? What else? Can I take Mom instantly swapped over from Final Cut Pro to all Adobe stuff. Never did After Effects worked with After Effects first project first week took me probably a week to do a 30 second place, but nonetheless was always trying to learn more and more and then just Continue to work up the ranks now sitting at a level for videographer, you know, it takes quite a while to get there but the experience and once you have all experienced it really shows and I think the main thing that they want to see is the work ethic and back when Sean was very involved. It was whatever he tells me. I'm doing like Tommy what you want. I'll do it you no matter what and like that's that's the mentality. I always had and now it's passed on to whoever you know, whoever asked me for something to do. I always do it. No matter what to the best of my ability. Yep. And that's just what has always that's a mindset. I've always had and it's like in any profession or career when you're super passionate. You just want to keep going and going and going and going. Yeah, it just feels good to be there. Yeah and to do that work, right and you just keep keep pounding coffees and bubblers in this case. They're not white closet. We haven't laughs. No, I'm not drinking a white cloth. It looks like a white clock hand, but it's non-alcoholic and not nearly as fun. But back back before I left I was I was the top videographer. I think the only person who was higher than me was Fuller, but he was a personality. He rarely touched edits or did anything like that? He's more so in front of the camera, I was moreso behind the camera did a lot of the traveling one to a lot of places want to be DS and Zone Went to superlift went to a bunch of places and it was just it was a blast to be able to travel and Continue to grow my skill grow my equipment grow My overall ability to do the job was was a lot of fun and then when I left a nice fellow named Zack started actually the guy behind the cameras today shout out the Zack, but killing it with the podcast behind the camera and instantly when I was transitioning out I said Zach's been killing it. He's been here not even a month. I said, I want him to be my replacement. Yeah, and it's a little weird because he is behind the camera, but just touching on that a little bit. It's cool to see Guy come in at that that wants to continue to push the envelope, you know, he's always trying to do better things and trying to what can I do? That's the next step or it reminds me a lot of you know, like what you did over over the years is how can I continuously improve and be better at what I'm doing and it's always super cool to me to see guys that are willing to try and push the envelope and get to that next level and take you know, their content to the to the next level. So it was perfect fit. Yeah. It was pretty cool. So let's switch gears. Let's talk Talk about this. This is where things get spicy. Let's talk about leaving custom offsets. Right? Let's talk about making the decision to be like I'm out. This isn't you know, I this isn't for me anymore or however that happened and again, this is where we start to build up where you want what you did, you know, but tell us about that. Honey, I could talk about it for hours on end. It's still it's still one of those things that I always think about whether it was the right or wrong decision. It ate at me a little bit more when I wasn't still under the same roof being on the same roof now it's a lot and now you get to see you work side by side of those every day and it's a lot better. So I've watched you guys and everything and it's 10 times better. Yeah, but I remember I still remember the day I remember and you know how Shauna's he's always like what's the next best company to start? Right always trying to start more companies. He's going to have like forty seven companies, but time he's 50 years old, which is not that far away, which is not that far. That's how crazy it's going to be. But I remember he pulled a bunch of people in now Tyler who started if you guys haven't picked up on it yet brand of title. Co is the who I work for him a person and channel edit all the videos do all the social media marketing everything anything content. It comes through me and only me which is a lot but it's a lot of fun. It's it is super cool to be the one man show, but it's I remember Tyler who started with us you no longer with us anymore. But I remember when he we had the Showcase here at the shop last summer. And for those of you that don't know the showcases a show that we host every year and it's limited to 50 cars 50 trucks right? It's very exclusive pre-screen. Yep, very tight-knit and small, but anyone can come. Yeah. Yeah, correct. Yeah anyone can show up. It's just the we limit it to 50 show via. Each, you know cars and trucks. Yeah, but what the new building it might be more this year. That's true. Stay tuned. I know Emily was working on the details of that so that be sorry toys a blast if you're around. I mean, even if you're not around we have people from Pennsylvania and yeah all over the country who show up a couple of my buddies come from all over the country to come hang out at the Showcase. It's old it's going to last so, okay. So you're at the Showcase. So I'm at the Showcase I end up leaving the show. Well, the funny part is Steve shows. Up with all these cars. Okay. Yeah. So I drive is in McLaren 720's that he just picked up literally days prior beautiful drive his black Aventador. Yep, ton of fun as well. And I was like, oh my God, this is this is insane. Well that got the gears turning in Tyler's head and I wake up the next morning with a text from Tyler saying looks like we're me co-workers and I said, okay sounds good. You're joining custom offsets or one of the other divisions are I see you Keith at that are here every time I swear to God every time we film a podcast somebody comes creeping through the window and I get it I get a message from when I was like, okay, I wasn't really sure what he's talking about. I said, okay sounds good congrats, whatever. Welcome to the team. Yeah, welcome to the team and he said yeah super cars and I was like what? Yeah. I was like just drove like a McLaren and Lambo and now he's talking about supercars. Okay, you got my attention that next week Sean puts on a presentation. In tation showcasing goon squad who's one of the best in the industry right now for what we do and they're rebuilding at the time a Ferrari or some sort of super car. Yep. Come to find out it's like the next hot thing on YouTube, but it been started about six months ago. So we weren't the first but it's one of the up-and-coming things and Sean was interested. I said, wow, that sounds awesome. I think I would like that a lot. So I talked to Sean and I said I think this is up my alley and I think out of everyone who's currently here. I'm one of the only people because at the time it was either move up into a lead spot. Yep, or stay where I'm at or move on to a different division because I was really like open book like I could literally go anywhere. I wasn't locked down anywhere sure. So there was talks of like about like creatively or obsolete. Bunch of other stuff that I wasn't really sure I wanted to stop making content yet. So none of that really appealed to me at the time and now we have a sit-down with Shawna. So I really like this idea. I think this could be a lot of fun. It's more entertainment based not marketing base. You don't really have to worry about dollars as much you do if you have to like sell cars to keep your business afloat, but it's not like a Wheels tires air suspension Wheels tires suspension every single day, which is not a bad thing. I always had fun with it. With custom offsets, but it was more entertainment based which is where I came from with my YouTube channel back yesterday. So some really interested after a long talk with Sean going over, you know some stuff about how I need to be better with planning and stuff like that. So I really suck at that stuff doesn't like Sean laying down the spin the truth. Yeah, so I got the last I got the nickname last minute lost in about two and a half years ago, which is like The Eternity of my whole time here. It was given pretty quickly. Yeah, and it's carried for like two and a Years. Yeah, you know it's been on the Fly get my stuff done last minute just always been who I am. Yeah, but with that it really matched up well with the industry and what we are doing you do have to shoot really last-minute things really do pop up. Yeah, absolutely their stuff that we just found out minutes ago on the Ferrari, you know, that will be in Friday's episode that now like tables shift on an hourly basis. Yeah, literally hourly the plan this morning is not the plan. As of two o'clock this afternoon, we're filming it's crazy. So jinkx you have Coke. So I thought that that would be like a perfect opportunity for me and right up my alley. So after a lot of talking he finally said, okay sounds good. I want you to put together like a interview video so film like the buying process of the blue are a yeah and the delivery and a bunch of other stuff and as time went on it just kinda I transitioned out of custom offsets and transition into Brenda. Well fast forward about a couple weeks and we were moved into 1060 where the blue. Alright now was it was our only car and Tyler and Sean and myself were over at 1060 and that's that's when things get spicy because that's when that's when you start to miss people. That's when it starts to sink and you're over at 1060. It's only the three of you it's very like what's the word I'm looking for. We are detached right? You're literally for those of you that aren't aware our old building 1060 and our new building 39 89 are about 15 minutes apart. They're not super close together. And so yeah, I think it's definitely very easy to get almost little homesick, you know guy would say because you're not Suddenly you go from in a workplace of 60 to 80 people to three of you. Yeah, you know and it was literally like my closest friends family. Yeah spend Even the weekends I spend with people here. Yeah and most of us work 60 plus a week anyway, so it is a second family most of the see the folks here at work more than we see our significant others at home. Yeah, you know, so yeah, I could definitely understand where that could get to be a little homesick in a little you know and start it started really eat at me and it got to a point where I was having talks with Sean about like yeah, so custom offsets. It sounded real nice right about and you know being Sean very intelligent if you've Any of his dream job stuff, if you watch anything, he had a nice way of just telling me that trust him. Yep stick with it. And now back on the same roof killing it. Yeah. Now you guys are back here. So yeah, and for those of you that don't that didn't follow branded title in the early days. There was all sorts of spicy drama to I mean, even from the first car you guys bought everything was was just it was it was great. It was spicy because at some point you're Your car got stolen. Yeah, and then showed up on a different trailer and it was weird and then there was stuff that we didn't think was wrong that we could fix that then we had to replace and I think that's why I like that so much is it's just like I always have a camera in my hand no matter what. Yep Day weekend. It doesn't matter cameras in my hand. So that with a shotgun mic. I'm always filming and it's just all pure entertainment and it's real and it's just it's just up front real. Yeah content, which is very Trusting in my eyes it always has been and that's what makes it. So cool for me is to watch you guys go through this process, but also to know that it's you know to see it behind the scenes. It's real that none of this is stage. None of this is you know, nothing is set up it is. Yeah what you see on camera is what we find sometimes it's not always great know. Sometimes it's very scary. That's crazy. But it is it is like I said, it is nice to be back. It's nice to have the standards that make success, you know custom offsets the ministry. Is everyone successful? It's nice to have those standards in place now for Branded title. Yeah for us to move forward and be successful as well. Yeah, they have you guys back down, you know under the same roof and working with his super cool. So cool. Tell me tell me what your favorite part about working at branded title is Hmm and that's a loaded one because there's a lot of cool things that you do between buying Rex supercars between building 72 C10 barn finds. I mean, there's so many neat things that you guys do. Yeah, I was super jealous when I first started because I saw you guys over there. I was like that looks like the life it is. It is a lot of fun. I'd say my favorite would probably have to be that it's never the same thing. It's nonstop. No day is the same as yesterday, which I knew was the case with custom offsets, but it's a whole nother extreme for Brandon title. Like yeah, you have your film days you have your edit days, but you are always editing or filming something different whether it's the same car or not. It's always something different right we picked up to our rates. Both had very different problems with them. We picked up. Camaros including one that was Airborne including one that was Airborne, which is still not fixed frequent flyer miles. What and is already like probably $10,000 over budget. So yeah, that one's but it makes like 600 horsepower. So it's neat is it is we might just have to mangle it back together and just turn into like yeah, what if you like we needs doors. What if you crash barred the front end just like tube chassis and just send it. Yeah see it's on saying try to replicate like what actually happened to it. So anyway, so your favorite part is is just the variety, huh the variety I think at the end of the day, it's always going to be I can't say that either because I don't know like I was going to say I think it was always going to be super cars because even when we started doing like Camaros and like see tens and stuff like that it was still fun. Like there was still the C10. I learned to love over time. It just wasn't always my forte. I'm like a JD mm fan girl who also likes supercars, but then like we threw in the Tacoma. We're like my truck. I went to got my truck if we didn't rebuild a silver. No, so and I think that's one nice thing about us is we're not stuck in supercars. We're not stuck in old trucks. We're not stuck in this or that but you'll be able to happening so much variety and like, you know, the upcoming stuff that a lot of people don't know and it's it's only turning up from here. Yeah, there's some crazy stuff coming. It's cool. Yeah. It's going to be super cool to watch you guys grow and even just the variety of had now between a wide-body Tacoma one of four in the u.s. Wide body with our orcas part. Yeah, you know to a 72 C10 barn-find to a I guess you could say a relatively average Silverado to ZL 1 to an Audi R8 with a voor Steiner Wing and you know just a little arrow bits here and there it's the variety you guys have had is insane and it's cool and to set the record because like a podcast. I feel like this is where records get substrate. We did just get our dealers license they did officially officially and we will have plates. Sounds like a couple weeks or two weeks. I heard five plates five dealer plates. Oh boy. As soon as those come in we could take out the to our rates. We can already take out 13 ZL1 Camaro. Yeah, the Tacoma can come out like you could play around with a lot of stuff which I think is the big downfall of our channel so far, right you can't do any driving because you didn't we haven't done that driving and haven't done any fun stuff we finished. 2R 8 switch together combine $300,000 and we haven't driven, you know driven a single one of them. I moved it around 1060 the other day. Does that count? I pulled it I think sounds Knightley's around the corner and into the showroom. Now imagine that thing pulling I'm making so much noise. That's beautiful Yeah couple weeks. Yeah. Oh we're going to come up with a banger video of driving and it's going to be a ton of fun. I'm super super excited Zack how we doing on time. We should be pretty good, huh? Oh look at that. We're right on time. Let's jump into wheel of the week. So if you're new here, we'll the week is a little bit where I ask our guests before the episode what they're most underrated or underappreciated wheel of 2020 as it's a chance for us to maybe shed some light on wheels that are either super popular that nobody talks about or maybe wheels that aren't always necessarily thought of but are still super cool wheels. And so you picked the Hostile. Jigsaw Otherwise known as the H1 16 if you didn't know that so tell us why the Hostile jigsaw killer hot. They are hot super hot. I just I don't they look so good and they look forged in like they're not crazy expensive and like the Chrome ones look insane. And I remember when I first saw them when they first came out, I can't remember if I saw it in a box right Seymour what what it was when I worked for custom offsets, but I just remember seeing it. Being like Oh my God. This thing's insane. Like if I had trucks I would toss these on yeah, obviously, this is before like arc on everything. This is way back and that's not a super new wheel. It's been around for a couple years now. It's been around for a while. I remember talking to you. I was going to pick the Hostile Alpha because I remember when I worked for custom offsets. I used to shoot all the spotlights. I shot all the vehicles that came through offsets garage and the couple of trucks that came with hostile Alphas. I also loved ton. I don't know what is with hostile but It's just like I feel like some of the wheels just don't get enough love Adam. That's fair. That's fair. If you're not familiar with the wheel or you're listening to this podcast. The jigsaw is an 8 spoke wide split spoke design. So it's got a really wide spoke, but then it's cut out in the middle. It's got Mill dinner accents and it has the spokes are actually Twisted to look directional which is super cool. They're not true directional right or proper directions are going to call it, but they do look directional so you'll have one side. One side swooping. They've got like I said, I've got that Milling on the inside of the spokes and on the Windows. They have a larger center cap exposed lug nuts, which is always super cool to me because Spike lugs, of course come in 20 to 24 inch diameters and 9 to 14 wide so they do make the 24:14 the big voice which isn't even that big of a wheel anymore. 2014 is almost getting to be pretty common place, which is crazy. Yeah, I 24:14 s that are currently getting done in the candy purple. Yeah, and I already saw a set of 26 is the other day back in the garage and it's like that's crazy. Yeah, it's I mean even I think hostile make some 28, they might even make a 30 which is not to me. The jigsaw is available in armor-plated otherwise known as Chrome asphalt which is a satin black or blade cut which is black and milled. So also really good segue if you want to win a set of ha Elle's customized has not come forward. So I give away pick up a hoodie a t-shirt or windbreaker or all three if you should should should so choose and that'll get you automatically entered to win a full build giveaway which includes hostile. So that's jigsaws. That's a super cool transition. Yeah. All right last little bit here is an ask us anything. So basically I pull the YouTube Community before hand and say if you could ask us anything, what would it be and why and so Mackenzie climber wants to know Would you prefer Daytona truck week or Seema when it comes to activities environment Etc easy? What do you got? Easy pick Daytona I've never been to I Tota is in a percent. Tell me why I go every year. Do you yes, okay hundred percent see what is just too much. Sure. It's it's it's very business feel where Daytona I'm a huge beach guy. Like I just I love being on the beach. And like around the ocean everything but the people aspect is 10 times better. Sure when you were on the beach hanging out having a couple beers bunch of left two trucks. It's just more friendly seema's extremely front. Like when I went to see Emma for custom offsets met with vendors everything. It was a ton of fun. It's just it's it's tiring. It's intense its intense. It's extremely tiring and I I had ten times more fun just Open up, you know we sat by the trucks had our cooler, you know, you put your lawn chair in the sand and sit there and look at lifted trucks all day and you watch them get stuck in the sand because the tide comes up every night and the next morning trucks are getting stuck in the sand and it's a blast. It's a lot of fun. Yeah. I mean, like I said, I've never been to either but if I had to pick one, I would guess it would also be Daytona for that same reason just based on my perception of what I've seen of both of them. There's nothing like sitting Round I mean just watch and cool trucks drive by, you know, drink a couple of beers with your buddies. It's we talked about this a couple episodes ago. I think with Rainey talked about LST as well. But it's that feeling of knowing you're not the only Enthusiast. Yeah, you know, you're surrounded by enthusiasts everywhere. You look and that's it's always super cool to me to be in an area where more people are united around the same the same common denominator, I guess rain is a good person to ask about About Daytona is he that's who I go with our every year nice. I'm super sorry. I can't go this year is have a blast. I'm super excited to go. This year should be a ton of fun. I believe her name was Mackenzie. If you're looking for activities Daytona hundred percent cool cool right on. Well there you have it folks. There is episode 7 of lifted logic again. Thank you lost in so much for joining us today. It was fun. This has been a blast if you like what you heard here. Make sure to give us a thumbs up on the video and or leave us a good review on Whatever podcast Source you are listening to us on also make sure you subscribe so that way you get notifications when we do upload next and then we can keep making bang and content just like this. Also, if you have an idea who we should interview or what we should talk about. We're making one of these every week. So we'll gladly take ideas if there's something I want to chitchat about so let us know in the comments section below. Otherwise, you cannot shoot us an email or yeah, we'll figure out one way or the other so with that we'll see you next time.