This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history tune in right?Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly perfect season. The Colombian national team was seen as the clear front-runner but so far their participation in the World Cup was not off to a promising start. They lost their first match against Romania. As the Colombian team caught up to him harkes kicked a pass across the front of the goal on Instinct Colombian team captain Andres Escobar doe foot first to intercept the ball and kicked it into his own goal. The reaction in the stadium was immediate the crowd exploded with commotion for a few moments both Escobar and goalkeeper Oscar Cordoba lay on their backs stunned at what had just happened. Neither realize that the slip-up would have deadly consequences. Welcome to sports criminals apar cast original. This is the fifth episode in our March Madness special this month. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals from 1990 to 2020. I'm Carter Roy and I'm Tim Johnson and today's episode. We're going back to 1994 and the tragic end of Andres Escobar's career. Twenty-seven-year-old Andres Escobar was at the height of his professional abilities going into the 1994 World Cup known by the nickname El Caballero Del football or the gentleman football. He was a well-liked player both among his teammates and the Colombian football fans. None of his teammates blamed him for the goal. He kicked into their own net during that fateful game. It was an honest mistake, even if it resulted in their 2-1 loss. Despite beating Switzerland and their subsequent match on June 26th. Columbia was finished in the World Cup competition Andres Escobar returned to his hometown of Medellin shortly after his guilt followed him home and he reportedly found it difficult to sleep in the days following his return in a column. He penned for El Tiempo. He reflected on his Shame about the incident and his intention to bounce back. He closed his piece by saying it's been Most amazing and rare experience. We'll see each other again soon because life does not end here on July first five days after Columbia was disqualified Escobar decided he had to face his hometown in spite of his own personal shame that night. He went out with several of his friends. They drank the night away as if nothing was wrong then after midnight things grew tense some of the other men at the bar taunted Escobar for his error during the World Cup. Game then at around 3:00 a.m. Escobar separated from his friends to drive home. He was confronted by three men in the parking lot some reports claim. These were the same men Escobar had argued with at the bar one of them produced a pistol and shot Escobar six times some eyewitnesses claimed that the shooter shouted goal as they fired each bullet the shooting shocked the entire world and Flew about the motive due to medicines history with organized crime one of the most popular rumors was that Associates of the recently deceased drug lord Pablo Escobar had lost money betting on the 94 World Cup in ordered the hit as payback a man named Roberto Castro Munoz confessed to The Killing later that Saturday he was sentenced to forty three years in prison. He was released in 2005 after only serving 11 some claim that Andres Escobar's death actually had nothing to do with his role in the world cup and he was merely another victim of a city known for its crime rate the truth remains a mystery. Thanks for listening to sports criminals. March Madness will be back tomorrow with next year's Scandal. You can catch our other episodes of sports criminals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts.