Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future Hi everyone. My name is Marco and I'm your host for today's episode of the Degroot finance and investment Council podcast in today's episode from the baseball diamond to Bay Street. We have graduating student Mike Scott on who will tell us a little more on his advice for younger students what it was like being a student athlete and how he landed a full-time job at Purvis Investments. Hi Mike. Thank you for taking some time to be alone the podcast for sure. Going to be here. So I think this is episode number one and you have a great story. So this is a killer way for us to start out for sure. Okay. So let's rewind to the year before you came to McMaster what led you to come in here and choosing to group over any other business school for sure. I'm actually from Newmarket so immediately I kind of wanted to limit it to you know somewhere I could drive to as originally playing on commuting. So of course, I really came down to To Ryerson McMaster U of T and and York and looking at it. I really liked the campus feel for McMaster when I became under visited campus. It seemed to be a very like it is like a University Town, you know. Yeah how you know some like the city schools don't really have that same kind of Campus feel and also even talking to some of the up your students. It seemed that a lot of people were very kind of code best in each other's success. Like it was interesting that they took so much time out to try to You answer questions to try to get it's just overall like helpful Vibe. And I thought that was pretty neat. I also one of my good friends. Her dad is an Alum and I he spoke quite fondly of his time here at Mac. So overall just seemed like a good fit for me. So I decided to apply and got him. Yeah, I think the community aspect is something that's really good about like degruy and McMaster in general. Everybody seems really willing to help out each other, you know, it's not like a closed-end kind of culture where you're just out there. For yourself like macro pretty friendly. Oh, yeah, when you hear like, you know, you see business as very competitive, but you know, you definitely didn't get that feel between students here. And I thought that was really cool is that like everyone was very pick each other up instead of like try to win kind of thing and I thought that was, you know, very interesting and you know kind of a tight-knit feel here definitely and then one thing to so you're a student athlete so I could you just tell us a little bit about how Sports have like influence your work ethic at University. For sure, I would say directly and indirectly there's been some influence like directly. I would say like scheduling is a lot harder, you know, when you have 15 hours of practice a week and then you got like four games on a weekend because you know, especially for baseball we do double headers. So we do like two games out of two games under it. Okay. So for like you basically get back to campus and you're already kind of like, you know, really burning through because winter months you don't play right? So it's like it's a temper and October is the bulk of the season so like, you know trying to figure out You know when you're going to do work and stuff is very hard. You have to budget your time very effectively so directly outside influence their but also like indirectly just the drive to kind of do well in this sport. You kind of have to have this long term view of like, you know, what I do today isn't going to matter tomorrow, but what I do today will matter your from now if I do it everyday kind of thing and I feel like that long term mindset translates well to the you know success as a student so I would say those two impacts were pretty major for me. Yeah, I think Actually a good quote like what you do today may not make an impact on tomorrow, but it will make an impact on years in the future and when you see Sports and that obviously you're super busy. So I'm sure your time management skills have been on point being able to cram studying and you know with friends and family as well as school like it's a lot to balance, but it's also great. Did you ever use Sports as a way to like Network or have something in common with people when you were talking with professionals? I think a lot of people think it's cool. So like when you're when you're talking to your networking with people and you kind of mentioned that you play like a Varsity Sport and especially being baseball because I feel like has a pretty good following in terms of like people a lot of people watching on the Blue Jays and stuff. So while people watch baseball, but I would say I would say definitely helps like sometimes for like a conversation flow aspect. Like I don't think it makes two major of an impact on anything but for conversation, it definitely seems to come up and people definitely seem to be receptive to it. Yeah, honestly like I think having something different outside of our interest in business is always great because at the end of the day people can only talk about work so much. Yeah, you know, so being able to have those things where you can connect on like a one-on-one level with somebody is always good. Also we have, you know, Toronto Blue Jays, so I'm sure most people in Toronto on Bay Street are a fan so that's always a plus. So let's get a little bit into Finance. So what was your first Spark at purse? Doing a career in finance. And where did you get that interest from for sure. I've always had like a fairly analytical view things like baseball. I was always a fan of kind of because of like the statistical element and you know being able to like measure performance very accurately and everything, but I wouldn't say I ever really liked business when I was younger like even looking back to high school. Like I wouldn't I was more of like a Humanity kid then then a business. Okay, but you know As I started to get a little bit older and I started to realize that you know, there was an interesting strategy component to business as well. And then eventually I feel like the moment that sealed it for me was a white paper by Edward Quan app an Agora came out and was on this interesting strategy called a risk parity, which you know, it's not really new but it's starting to become more commercialized and it's like an asset management. It's just basically about like trying to get specific risk. Sirs and stuff. So it was sorry to nerd out there. Nobody's I'm but yeah and I say I read the white paper and I truly thought like this is like really interesting and that was kind of like a moment. I made up my mind like I want to you know work with these strategies. I want to like, you know, it was more actually like I came back actually I my plan was to become an academic originally. I was I was quite interested in like, you know the research side of it, but that you know changed once I kind of got here, but but yeah, I think that was kind of like my first Spark that like when I when I saw this I'm like, you know, what like I want to do this. This is Really cool and that kind of just sparked their into that introduce you to like Asset Management as well as like a potential career. Oh, yeah, for sure. That was I was starting to kind of get into like almost personal investing at that time. Like, you know, I got my discount brokerage account at that point, you know, you're creating your two shares or whatever and it's you know, it's definitely, you know, you started to read more stuff about it. You started to kind of ask more questions, you know, you know look to you know different people for answers and you started talking sir to realize that a lot of people that you don't talk to me. Business about actually do have some kind of a vested interest in the markets and you know, everyone kind of has an opinion. So it's kind of cool to see like, you know, this Hidden Side of people almost and you know, that's around the time. I started to look into it more the research side of it and I feel like you know that really led to you know me finding this white paper. No, that's awesome. I think you like personal investing is always a great way to get younger students or just people in general interested in the market. I mean at the end The day you can beat the market and get yourself a return. That's nice. But I know for me as well like that was when I first started realizing okay, you know what maybe like accounting or something isn't for me. I want to at least be somewhat involved in the market whether that be in private investing or you know public investing so that always is a great spark, you know, there's paper trading to even if you don't have you know, any any meaningful, you know, you don't want throw around your to shares in Pier nine dollar commission. I guess it I guess is lower now on the commission's but they're also So as paper trading where you destroyed around, so yeah, I think that's a cool thing to look into definitely definitely I agree. So it's move on to like McMaster and your Club involvement. I just want to know a little bit about like what clubs you're involved in and how that's really like shaped your progression and help you actually land interviews and careers and things in that nature for sure the two main ones. I've been a part of that say in private Equity Venture Capital degree. I should say the whole thing to group private Equity venture. The association and that was my actual first Club involvement. That was my first, you know interview for a club at applied to the associate position pretty much a month after getting here and that was really like a really cool group of like-minded guys and I would say like above all like structured things. It's just cool to have kind of like that group of people that have very similar mindset and think similarly in terms of like just worldview and everything in terms of You know interests in terms of like yes. No, totally. I got me mean being able to be in a room with a bunch of really ambitious students who all want to achieve great things in life and who are into the similar things as you is always good, you know, like we're all grinding for interviews. We're all keeping up with the market. But when you're just doing that alone, it's not the same when you're in like a room with people where you can discuss that with hear their views, maybe it's contrary to your own and then you can go back and like we're Sighs what you're thinking and overall have like a stronger standpoint on whatever you're researching. Right? Exactly and even the be able to like kind of capitalize on their anecdotal experiences with like a certain employer or like a certain interview. It's just really cool to be able to discuss things that you know might be beneficial to yourself down the road. Definitely definitely. Yeah. Honestly great Club private Equity is an extremely interesting career path for students. So definitely something to take a look at And then so now you're having into your like whatever your second year, I guess when you join you got the associate roll. And then now it's time for the real world. You know, no more clubs. You're looking for applying to actual internships. So when you were applying what type of places were you targeting when you were sending out applications, was it just Asset Management because of that original interest or were you still going for possibly private Equity Venture Capital? Where did those resumes a lot? Cast a pretty wide net originally like I was looking at like sales and trading I applied to I think Scotia S&T and a couple of Summer positions there. I also applied to TD counterparty credit because like the one takeaway I kind of got from my peers is like you need to get something for sure. I'm like if you don't get anything this summer, it's gonna make your life harder for next summer and graduation and everything. So I definitely was casting a wide net that because I knew I just need to experience that kind of wanted it with a bang. You know too because you know, they have the resources and like they have a lot of interns to so they have like these formal programs and everything and I found Ashley a especially originally because if you apply september/october for a lot of these rules, I was getting a lot of rejections and you know as a little bit disheartening but I think on a coffee chat with one of the guys who didn't me funny enough from TD counterparty credit, he was a Mac alone. Oh, yeah, and he's funny we're talking and he's like, yeah, like we can't take like a Your summer for this role and it was like, okay like so that kind of gave me kind of like, you know, the the feeling to keep going kind of like, you know, except that point you're kind of getting like you're getting all these rejections back and then I started to almost apply to more opportunistic like more smaller shops that didn't have formal internship programs. I started to be like well, these guys are really cool. But like, you know, they don't say they're hiring an intern so like, you know, what do I do? And I started to look into them and especially like and how I actually I came across purpose to and applied to them is that you know, there are liquid alts which is very similar to a lot of the stuff that Pandora was doing the states the original paper that kind of sparked my interest in finance. Okay, and they were actually like, you know a leader in the Canadian space for liquid oils. And you know, I thought it was a pretty pie in the sky thing to do, but I applied and I said hey, I really like what you guys are doing. And you know, how can I want to be a part of it and you know, they got back to me right away and we had several rounds of interviews and And you know, let me to where I am now. So yeah a lot of applications though. Yeah, that's because with backtrack a little I think it's good that you were originally in second year kind of like applying for those big name brands because even though maybe that role I've TD didn't hire second years a lot of places do a lot of the big Banks and some of their roles. So if you are in first and second year don't be fearful of applying for these roles. Thinking you're going to get beat up by a third fourth year MBA student because there's always a chance that you can slide in because at the end of the day, it's a numbers game. So don't be afraid of that. And then also I like your strategy of seeing that okay, you know what maybe a boutique is a best is a good way to get into the industry in Canada. You have a ton of boutiques smaller shops that are not always offering traditional internship programs like you're going to see from the big six Banks. But they're out there and you got a search yourself and network for yourself. So that's another big piece of advice for students is really to just be relentless. Look what's out there and just don't stop and like you did you didn't give up after you got rejected like myself I had hundreds of rejections. But if you just keep on pushing through it, it's going to work out in your favor. Let's talk a little bit more about purpose it. Could you explain like what liquid alts is? Yeah, so liquid all So sales for like our will is short for liquid Alternatives? And you know, there's a lot of alternative Investments like private Equity actually is considered like a form of an alternative investment. Like it's pretty much anything. That isn't a stock or a common share that prices are that marks to Market daily or intraday. So you see a lot of Alternatives like hedge funds are considered alternative like the Cai a curriculum as she talks a lot about different Alternatives and you know, they're used in the portfolio construction and yeah, so so it's an alternative form of investing essentially that like an asset manager is able to use instead of doing like a traditional form of like investing in the equity Market a big reason that always exists is pretty much for the draw Downs in the equity Market is that it provides kind of like the shelter because the lower correlations to traditional assets. Okay. So Alternatives, you know are kind of growing popularity to but liquid else is kind of a newer thing to where you have traditionally all these strategies. are reserved for hedge funds and offering memorandum type of you know offerings that are exclusively for like high-net-worth investors, but now you're starting to see like the liberalization of Alternatives in a sense where it's starting to be offered through like ETS, like like one of the really cool ETFs there is like purpose Market neutral and they are a liquid alt where they offer like a hedge fund strategy of Market neutral where they try to kind of be uncorrelated to the market and generate some sort of Return but you know traditionally those have been reserved for you know, High net worth people who can go through an offering memorandum, which of course you have to be an accredited investor for so there's a bunch of barriers to entry there. But yeah, so liquid alts kind of is a newer thing and all sort are also growing in popularity, but liquid oils are also kind of even newer. Yeah, but it's just kind of an interesting industry segments. Yeah, I think to the increase in amount of alternative Investments that are going to be open. Retail investors over the next few years is definitely going to be growing like I think Vanguard announced that they're possibly going to be expanding into private equity and creating funds that would be available to normal investors. So it's cool to see like purpose opening up almost that like hedge fund type investing strategy where us normal retail investors would be shut out from investing in and giving us a chance to put our Capital there and then ETFs. Oh, that's great. So you Did your summer analyst role there? So for students interested in working with liquid Alternatives or going to a firm like purpose? What was it? Some of like your daily tasks that you worked there. Give us like a general Day. So I'd come in around 7:30 Ash and I was in the p.m. Room. So I was a for the portfolio management room there. Yeah and every day vary quite a bit but like the end goal is the I'm supporting the portfolio managers there and they would kind of give me ad hoc task of like oh look into this company like we're looking at doing an investment here and I would kind of do a lot of the preliminary analysis and I'll get that to them and then they would make decisions and also send me back sometimes and say hey, I need a little bit more on this or have you looked into this part of this because there's a lot of moving Parts when you're looking at kind of entering positions and stuff Kershaw. So really I do that pretty much all day. Day and every day was different like there would be themes like seven weeks would be a lot of credit things like could be worth looking at a lot of different debt instruments and then you know some weeks it was more like the equity side. It kind of depended on who needed what and yeah. It was a very interesting summer like it was always looked forward to getting in every day because you know, there was that variety but there was also like, you know the same underlying premise where you're just looking at like kind of like the investment process. Yeah. It's very interesting. Yeah, I think that's Thing that makes careers generally in finance. The most interesting is because for a lot of people who love Variety in their life and not just doing the same task daily. These are the type of careers that actually give you that opportunity to obviously you have a job that you're coming into everyday and you have an end goal but every day is completely different, you know, which is extremely interesting as coming out as a student, right? We want to learn as much as possible be exposed to as much things as As possible, so that's great. So what were the top three things you learned there? And what should interns possibly going into that role know about the job. I would say the main thing is definitely to take ownership of your work. So like I wouldn't throw my name around lightly like you want to kind of like when you finish a piece of work you want to be able to stand by it and you want to be able to say like, you know, I'm proud of this and I can defend this so I think that, you know instead of looking At getting something done. You gotta look at it in the sense that there's not a homogeneous output. It's not coming out and it's like okay I need to do this. I did this it's you know, there is a good and a better version of what you're doing and just to kind of slow down and take the time and and say if I pitch this afternoon, I put this forward it has to be my best work. It has to be stuff. I can stand kind and just having an ownership mentality of the the work product that you're producing. I would say that's like the biggest thing for for any intern. Because you know stuff will get pointed out and they'll be like, oh you missed this and and that's good. But it's if you don't actually put your best foot forward, you're not going to be able to learn in the same way from those situations. So that would definitely be the number one. Another thing is always show up early and go to bed, you know at a reasonable time. Like I felt like maintaining like a consistent like bad time, you know, because I was up at like 5:30 to get down from Newmarket to yeah work and just you know, the one time you have like even like an eleven. Clock stay up. It's almost like you feel a dragon for a week. So I think that you know keeping your hours consistent is super important to try to get the most out of your day. And the other thing is just to ask questions to like I took our I talked to a lot of different people are even people not directly within the like my room like might like I was on the p.m. Team there. Yeah, but you know, I always make sure I try to talk to the guys and product and I would try to talk to you know, the guys in Ops and everywhere just to get like their view on the not only the industry The Firm but just kind of see like what their worldview is and just try to pick their brain a little bit and see you know, their experiences. I found that very, you know, interesting to me and it was very worthwhile. I think when you helped kind of make your own view of how things work. Yeah. I think you touched on some really good points there that every intern should keep in mind the first thing like you said being accountable for your work and being like detail-oriented is huge. So guys if Going into a summer internship and you have to present a slide print off that slide. Look at it printed see if there's any errors see if it actually looks good. Like that's always a really big tip. If you're working on a model or something along those lines calculate the numbers with the calculator really check them over and and that's when you'll see if there's any errors because if you go into that meeting I like let's say you have Revenue growth and for some reason one year. It's 20% but every other year, it's 5% Is something wrong right? So you have to be able to recognize those things and you have to present the best work possible to your employer because at the end of the day, you're representing yourself, you're representing the firm and you're representing McMaster. So you always want to present everything as best as humanly possible. The second thing to that you said about like ensuring you have a good schedule. I agree super important. I mean when we're in University, I think it's really easy to fall into that track of waking. Blader staying up later have like taking a nap sometime during the day but being accountable to yourself to wake up at a good time to fall asleep at a reasonable period of time ensure that you know, you're staying active you're staying healthy as well taking like maybe 30 minutes every few days. So I go to the gym go for a run do something because like we're sitting at a desk at the end of the day. So make sure that you have that Health balance or health element in your internship as well. And the last point is well still networking with everybody is extremely important. These are the people who have worked at the firm for the longest. So if you truly want to work their past your four months you're going to get the best sense of is this something that you actually want to do from these people and also being open to meeting new people never hurts, you know, you went to different groups, which is always great because you may end up liking that group better than the p.m. Team, you know, you're never And no unless you have those conversations with people. So those are all really good tips. I'm glad I'm really glad you brought those up. And so that's great. You are a purpose came back to Mac at Mac. Is there anything that you wish you had done differently while you were here? I would say to get more involved early. Like that was the one thing that the upper years really stressed to us in our first year was like, you know get involved with student clubs. And you know, everyone here is that it's like, okay, I'll do that. But they really mean like now like they made a big go out and get involved now just have that community of people who have similar goals to you who are a bit older than you right away. They'll tell you things that you know, you weren't going to come across on your own by chance for sure and it's just really important to kind of start the club because I thought I was starting early, you know, like end of first year like, you know, kind of kind of like starting to get all my ducks in a row, whatever but really it should Start like the second you get to campus to make the most out of it. You got to start like seeking clubs and engagements out, you know, yeah, I agree. I think the business world and especially in finance is extremely competitive. So being able to have upper years help you out when you're actually involved in these clubs from the first day you step foot on to make Master is extremely important. There's so many careers that are out there and there's so much advice, but it's Really easy to get lost. So having those people who have been through it all I can't speak the how important that is for me. I know like first and second year. I didn't join any clubs, right? So you beat me to it joining in second year, which is great. But again, like you said it even second year seems like it's too late. If you're in first year, you're going to learn a lot really quickly. You're going to expand your network on campus, which is really great and you're going to be Close to a lot of cool things. I know like the private Equity Club you guys have like some learning sessions. These are these are things that outside of school outside of the classroom. Sorry, you're not going to get exposure to unless you're watching like Wall Street Oasis videos on your own and it's not as fun doing it on your own as it is with being with other people and being in kind of like a team setting, you know, it's pretty great. So that's really good advice and Mike. Thank you again for taking some time to talk today. We really appreciate your insights and we're wishing you all the best as you graduate and enter the Working World full-time. Thanks Marco. Thanks for having me.