The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently and I just got caught outside a little bit too long breathing the cold air and I think I freezerburns by lungs in the process feeling. Okay, though, but you're feeling okay, though. Oh, I feel great. I feel great. I just I I didn't notice how bad a sound until you said. Sometimes you don't realize how you don't really sound that bad. I was just picking on On you little bit, you know in this age of everybody panicking over coronavirus, you know any any little sniffle and everybody is you know, everybody's senses go up. You know what I'm talking about. Well, I am seeing a panic when I do my YouTube videos to get in what I call the god bubble to look down at all this and go. Hey, I created it. You know, they're like, oh my gosh, we're all going to die. But if you look from I don't know it's been for a long time. But if we start in like the year And you can see that every year pretty much consistently. There is some type of scare or some type of type of diversion and not to belittle or anyone, you know dying or losing their life over something but we're talking about 3,000 people, you know, when there's yeah 24,000 people that died day of starvation. So when you look at these statistics, you see that there's an agenda involved in this. Well, I'm glad you said that I do have to comment on a couple things. Things I've seen that statistics compared with things like how many people died inaudible Mo automobile accidents. You just mentioned starvation the difference with all that stuff. It's not contagious not communicable. It's not I don't have to worry about you know, walking through an airport and and being in a car accident or dying of starvation, but I do have to worry about somebody giving me a disease. I don't know they have so that adds a level to this this concern. However, I think you're right about this conspiracy idea or this something going on behind the scenes because Tell you what based on what I've heard and what I've seen it doesn't doesn't seem like something that should be too scary yet the governments around the world are acting as though this is the zombie virus and we're all doomed that's quite a disparity between what seems to be the case and how these governments are responded the responding. So, I think there's something else at play here. Absolutely and if I do a lot of remote viewing and we remote Viewed the coronavirus and it looks very kind of like part techno technology part biology and it looks like a two-part system where you have to have one. One thing present in your body. Potentially. Let's say a vaccination you have that in your body and then they spray something over you and the two things together activate and then you've got something going on. I also see very race specific. Vaccinations where a population will get vaccinated and a certain race get sick and then when it spreads to the other places, it's pretty much someone who has that race, you know in their DNA somewhere that gets a stuff. I see that I'm and I'm not an expert in those. I just look at the research and I never had a dachshund Nation from birth on I've never had a vaccination. So this stuff doesn't bother me at all and if you look from The vantage point of the god bubble and like hey, I created all of this. I created all this scare, you know, you designed this well, so if you were meant to die, but the coronavirus you're going to die with the coronavirus, you know, that's what you chose for a life before you guys here. So don't like that doesn't stress me out. It's like hey, if I die that was my way to go, but I have to I have to ask you about this when you say you were remote viewed the coronavirus. Are you saying remote viewed the source like you went to where it It in remote viewing our you're actually looking at the virus itself, but the virus itself. I'm on patreon Kelly and of on patreon and that's a small group that I like to work with and teach them how to remote View and get better at the Target. So this is something that we did one day is just remote-view the the coronavirus. What does it look like? How is it behaving? What's the energy that comes from it? It doesn't seem to be complete in. And of itself that it needs another, you know, something else added to it for it to work properly to the Catalyst or something a catalyst of some kind like you said, maybe even genetic Catalyst but yeah, like a catalyst. I mean there's so much stuff in the vaccinations like people in the military see a lot of times that they will just, you know be experimented on basically while they're in there and then when they get out you just kind of set the clock Whenever they have those shots, there are cancer. They basically give you cancer and they put a timer on it that it won't release or won't do its thing, you know for 10 years or 15 or 20. We're talking tonight with Kelly coffee by the way her website and she actually has a couple one is Kelly coffee and Kelly's with an i Kelly coffee.com. Also you can go to always cook with love.com. Both of those are Kelly's websites. I'll be right back. We've got a lot more ahead. It's beyond reality. Please support the program go to patreon.com slash Johor that joh. Aw. Hey gang JV here. Have you discovered Spotify yet on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and on Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode also. Mm users can download episodes to listen offline no matter where you are. You can also easily share what you're listening to with your friends right on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app on your device and search for Beyond reality paranormal on Spotify or you can browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Beyond reality paranormal now, you know, we've had people on the program that have debated the vaccinations issue a lot you say that you've never had a vaccination. I mean obviously as an infant you weren't aware of this stuff. So we did your parents decide at that point not to have you vaccinated. I was born with holes between the chambers of my heart. Okay. So because of medical reasons the doctors thought it would not be a good idea to risk giving me vaccinations that the potential that I could die from them. So that that's pretty much what started it and then Through some of the methods that I use to help people heal themselves. I heal my heart and then it became a choice after that and I just chose not to because the people my age that God loves vaccinations. They got all kinds of stuff going on with Jill right now. So I'm like, I don't have to deal with all the things that they have to deal with. Yeah. I'm not sure how I feel about vaccinations as a whole. I have to say that clearly things like the polio vaccination and smallpox vaccine. There are Certain things that have shown to be very very beneficial. So it's hard to argue against that. However, I think we've become a society of vaccinations, whereby there just continually continuously sticking needles in people's arms and I think it's because of the money you have more than anything else at that point. I mean, I don't know. I'm kind of my jury's out a little bit for me. Yeah. I raced at school. I was a director of a private Christian School and we specialize in kids that were like ADD ADHD does wife said high-functioning autistic kids. So we've got these autistic kid then and some of the parents are going to observe all of this. This is really cool. Some parents did something therapy's that basically took all the heavy metals out of their child's body whatever, you know method you choose there's lots of them out there and I saw a basically a miracle happened the child that couldn't communicate with the world started communicating with the world. So I saw more than Thing they were incredibly toxic and then the diet had a lot to do with it as well with with their symptoms. I don't know if they did lost their symptoms of autism. But but the more that the body was cleaned out and the the diet was changed to a very clean diet, you know, vegetables fruits all that good stuff. It was a dramatic change so it you know more and more it looked like as our research some of the vaccinations that it contains the stuff that they were getting out of these children. And they were doing better. Yeah, there's no question. There are a lot of things in vaccinations that would be considered poisons in any other use and it's kind of hard to justify why those things are in there. It seems as though there's I kind of look at it as a mixed bag. There's obviously a value in the concept, but the way they're administering this stuff seems to be a bit dangerous, but this is obviously not what we were going to talk about tonight. Yeah. We got off on a bit of a tangent. Let's let's let's bring it back home, you know, you are, you know have a lot of a lot of abilities. You're a psychic you are remote viewer, you're an energy healer. You've done a lot of things and you've got a lot of sensitivities no better way to put it. How did all that start for you? When did you start become aware of those sensitivities? Well, I was born with it. I'd always seen and known and and all of that from as far I'm back as I can remember and then just being brought up in a very religious household as I told my mom. I mean, I didn't tell anybody else because I thought everybody did this tell my mom and she didn't understand what was going on. She went to the pastor Pastor told her. Hey, this is a gift. It's just a very rare gift. Don't tell anybody it was so so I grew up with this and like any ordinary person that has a heightened. Level of awareness you are aware of the stronger vibration first and those are very negative like playing crashes people dying. So I was bombarded with all of that. Now I help and counsel people who are going through the same thing. But as a result of this I shut everything down. I've lost myself from all of that. And then later on their short version is through the help of a friend I unblock to myself and I Started seeing it and then I saw oh my gosh. Everybody can do this. All you have to do is unblocked herself from whatever is in between you and it's information you say, you know, before you blocked yourself you were being bombarded. How are those messages coming to it with a Visions where you would you be sitting in school or something and you get a vision? Yeah, not specifically in school, but it would just randomly happened. I didn't have any control over it. It suddenly I would know a plane would crash. Or was going to crash and how many people were going to die and the flight number and yeah, I would know all of that stuff. It would just suddenly come to me the knowledge and I would also see images in my mind, you know, whatever word you want to put that yeah, so they would just come to you and they'd come randomly. You had no control over it at that point and then you learned to block it or you decided to block it. Was that something you had to actually sit down and consciously do or were you just able to turn? It off like a switch. Well at the time I didn't understand what was going on and the person that I kept getting information about with my father and I would be like, oh he's about to die. So I call my mom. I said watch him something's about to happen get him to the hospital immediately. If you see something happening because she trusted me because I kept telling her accurate information through the years. She trusted me and watched him and they got him to the hospital, you know, so that was like a five year old. He'll before he died and it was just so traumatic for me because it's someone I love and and I didn't want to do that anymore. I didn't want to know when people are going to die anymore. But it didn't what they have anything to do with it because it was just torture. Yes knowing this information. Yeah that has to be that's got to be unsettling sometimes, you know, it's better to be ignorant about certain things and that might be one of them you're a psychic but you prefer to be described as someone who has a higher level. Love awareness. What does that mean? And why do you prefer that well because psychic everybody has an idea in their mind of what a psychic psychic is and they've got their own definition and they kind of like made up their minds. So it's a label instead of describing your ability to access all of creation or everything that exists. And when you're able to do that because we vote viewing to me is would you can remote view. It doesn't matter. If it's the past the present the future you could remote view with your nose or your ears your taste or smell touch temperature. You can remote view with with all of these and there's no limit when you do that. I teach people to like the Terry I worked with the military because I'm like, why are they only able to see a snapshot that doesn't make any sense? They see a snapshot they see it quickly than they have to kind of memorize it and deal with that when I remote View and teach people to remote view they see in real time like you're making a movie for watching till you do video like in real time. So the military they were using methods that were inside of the reality inside of the Legion or Matrix or whatever you call the thing that we're doing the the Hologram so they were trying to find pathways through it to get to information. There's lots of roadblocks. Do not enter. There's all dramas got drama in the illusion. So when you get in the place that place called imagination is you as God if you want to think of it that way and if you want to think of it in a shape of a bubble you was God or the potential to be something and everything that exists that you Created is on the edge of your bubble. So instead of thinking you're the Avatar in this illusion trying to access information from a piece of technology. That's hard to deal with you get in the garden bubble. Where you Asgard the potential to be something you create everything as you go along and you just look on the surface of your bubble and go. Oh there's that information right there and you can access anything in all of creation Without Limits. In the price is everyone capable of this. Everyone has the hard wire or the basic equipment or technology in place to do this. There are a tremendous amount of blocks fears programs chords trauma, all of this creates an inability to access that in that information because there's a block in the way. So when Work with people. We work in higher Dimensions moving energy around so it only takes seconds to do something and then they clear their energy field like like the new age and all of that. There's a concept of hey, let's not let's always think about positive things. Let's not get anything out of our body. Let's line it up. Let's balance it, you know as minute-by-minute at times because not a natural system. So that's going to whatever. Nobody's used to is manipulating energy when I work with people. I helped them to get rid of all of that stuff. Do not replace it with anything. That's one of the new age Concepts that can keeps you trapped inside of this don't replace it with anything and then it's a letting go and allowing technique. Now you allow everything in your energy field your body, whatever you're working with to go back to its natural factory settings. And then it heals itself. So are we effectively taught to turn these things off? Oh, yes. Yes, and ultimately if you want to think of it this way your God that created all of this you wanted to have a really difficult lesson you he wanted to make this video game harder so that it would be fun to play because easy game for are not all that fun. So everything in here is something that you created. So instead of just hey, I'm just Everything goes my way. I throw myself as God you you as well through brainwashing until this through a system of Education that you know, mostly tells you the opposite of what the truth is a society with certain belief system. So all these things are put in there to create all of these blocks including chakras and all kinds of stuff in the way. So your you as God that flings video game but winning basically is realizing that you're in a video game and it has no power over you that's kind of how you win this game. Some people call it Ascension. I just called a higher level of awareness, you know, where of things on a much higher level. That's why you talk to dead people from your avatar. It's at a higher level you are you say, this is your life's Mission you've decided this is what you were meant to do. Why do you think that Why have you made it you why have you made it your life's mission is probably a better question. Okay, so I guess for the Avatar point of view. It doesn't look like I've made it. I mean that's getting in the Avatar deciding I'm going to do this right and it might not be what you're supposed to do. So when I died 10 years ago popped out of my body had awareness of everything that existed I realized that Got what I came here to do. Then I got Way Off Track, you know is all about how pretty your hair is and there are your shoes pointed or squared off at the toe. That's kind of where I was going like, oh my gosh, I didn't do anything here that I was opposed to doing don't when I got back. It's not really a choice. That doesn't feel like a choice at all when you have knowledge on that level. You cannot go back to pretending. And playing or anything like that. So I realized maybe a vocabulary word to use would be a mission. What I came here to do what I was meant to do. So I'm in that I'm like letting go and allowing letting go and and just allowing this adventure to unfold in front of me and let the universe it's or whatever you want to call it. Guide me in all yeah. Well, that was my that was my next question. If you have a mission of this was your mission and What you were meant to do and all of us have a mission and have something that were meant to do who decides what that is. It's on a higher level ultimately you as God created all of this to be played out this way. But you also you as God created all of these characters that are on a level above the Avatar that kind of in charge of that you wanted to know what it felt like to make all these decisions from above and you also wanted to know what it felt like Has God to get in this creation and figure out what it feels like from the Avatar level the think you're being crapped on and everything is horrible and I didn't decide this. This was decided for me. You wanted to play all the roles roles to see what it would feel like. You mentioned your near-death experience where you came out of your body that was in 2010. Tell us what happened. I had my wisdom teeth removed and it was a horrible experience. I got dry socket. So I did not eat for several days though. It was a combination of medication. I would taking and someone trying to help me shoving caffeine on top of all of this and my body I think it just didn't have enough calories to keep breathing is my best. Guess Joe when it happened. I had someone beside me. And I said, you know hold my hand and cuz my automatic breathing stopped if I took a breath I had to figure out what muscles to use to raise my chest into taking a breath of air it's very strange that thing shuts down. So I'm like, okay I'm dying. I'm falling into a hole. My breathing is just stopped working. So I held his hands and then I took a breath out and then my body just did not take another breath. Thin and this tunnel, it looks like a piece of technology and inside the tunnel that opened up from a small amount yet bigger. It look like snow on a television like when the station goes off the air and so you could tell it was a type of Technology. There was a blue being a blue light being to the right. I've interviewed people who were nurses who can see into other dimensions and they see with almost every person that dies. There's a blue person there. To help them into the tunnel one guy who was a red guys here. So that's another story. But the blue guy was there just beckoning me come this way. This is the way to go come to me. The blue guy come this way. Yeah, the blue guy was standing there like do with his arms like Vanna White's like directing the into the tunnel and and I was just being pulled I guess by tractor being you realize you don't have a body anymore. You're just basically energy at that point. You're looking around you see all the dimensions you get to see into everything when you come pop out of these bodies and what really surprised me. It's like hey, this stuff is right here. Beside me. Everything is happening in all these dimensions in the same place. It's interesting and I was looking around being pulled towards the tunnel and there was no pain all the pain I had was gone. It was the best descriptive word. I can tell you is bliss I was in the white light. Was made of light the white light is love and Consciousness. It was an incredible feeling and it felt what I call normal. It was like, oh finally I'm back here. You know, I've said correctly they cased in. Yeah his elbow is that how it felt and dying is more I would describe it more as waking up into the next level because when you first start to go in there, you're like what the frak is going on. What is this? This and then you start to open up to more and more and more and have awareness and more and more and more till is what I would call fully awake. You have full awareness of everything that exists that point. So when I was almost to the tunnel, I had full awareness and the blue guy he changed what he was saying to me. He said it's your time to go and then something just said, no. I just I told him no, it's not my time to go. I've got to go back. And I was thinking, you know don't have to punch this guy in the nose. How am I going to get back to my body and without effort at all, just because I said no who's tells you a lot about how the universe works? I said. No. I started to go back down to my body. And then the person that was there when I stopped breathing. I started to hear them again and I was getting closer to I guess what you would call the reality bubbles the edge of the reality level. So I passed through a membrane popped out of the membrane when I left and I passed through membrane when I went back into my body. Well, so it was here in Kelly Breathe Kelly breathe, you know screaming and yelling is what I came back to and then when I are my awareness got back into the physical 3-dimensional Avatar body it felt like I wait a thousand pound. It's like a train hit me it was it was so different. The weightlessness or don't even know what to call it levitating just not having a body. Well, you know, you were free of all the physical restrictions that being in a physical body place on us. Yes, a lot of fruit lot of parents and I chose to come back. Yeah, a lot of people a lot of people who experience something like this have just the opposite reaction. They don't want to come back in and they seem to be forced to go back but you you decided to come back. Yes, and for two years, I could not figure out why in the world I came back. I was so mad at gravity. I was so angry at gravity. It was horrible. That gave back so I was very upset about my decision for a while to come back. But now now I really have you about it really happy. But yeah, it's hard for me to find anybody. So he chose to come back. Once you came back things changed for you what changed physically and what changed in your Ascension sensitivities. I can see better. I had perfect vision the lights did not bother me. It's almost like I had this this huge upgrade. In my body because I touch the everything I had an awareness of what that was like and what it felt like so then I was able to get out of the physical Avatar easily and go into all of these areas that I had exposure to when I died. So I've been on a quest to guess ever since the last 10 years of taking people on tours of this place remote viewing helping them to reach this. Places that that I went to helping them to access all the stuff I accessed the because how this reality is put together you find out when you're out of this body. So when you come back you're able to manifest whatever it is that you want. And you still obviously feel all of those effects in your sensitivities were heightened and I hear that story very often to we you know, we talked to a lot of people who have psychic sensitivities and many times those sensitivities were either triggered by or enhanced by some type of out-of-body or near-death experience and it really changes everything and I find that fascinating it was because you know, what's going on. It's a knowledge. It's not a belief anymore. Well when I die what? I don't know but I've done it and it's like oh, okay. So now I know what's going on. I know this is a video game and a hologram that were playing. So when I go back into it, I don't take it very seriously. I lost my sense of fear every fear possible fear of talking in front of people being on YouTube. That's when I got out and was on television YouTube because I had no fear. Yeah. There was nothing that was holding me back there. R it kind of got me in trouble sometimes it does that have no fear. Did you fear death prior to this? And do you fear death? No, I did fear death because I wasn't sure about what would happen and I heard scared religious people told me all kinds of horror stories about dying and all these rules and all of that and and when I died it was like wait a minute. I thought going to church and said, I don't want to have Jesus in my heart anymore. And I'm not in Hell hmm under he thinks that when I came back I couldn't play religion anymore religion didn't make sense religion appeared to be a place of fear. And when I was out there I counter this place that I believe they're calling heaven and it looks like it's a cube that stores Souls. Blind and Spirits like a storage box. So I started to see where what she does wait a minute these believes in these practices and the things that you believe here on this planet like here to manifest. There's always a delay in getting an outcome when you get out of these bodies what you think happened immediately. There's no delay at all. It's like oh a unicorn and there it is. Oh, oh my gosh. I'm so scared. There's some suddenly a monster there. So if you're holding on to this reality during the death process and there's a lot of fear and holding on then when you get into a place where you instantly create you're going to create what some people call a hell. And if you're like, everything's great and you go over there you you continue to create but you create instantly on the other side. So you create a beautiful place. That's you go to everywhere you go. You create it Arlene and our chat room wants to know if you still see the blue man. When you do things like remote view or other types of, you know, reaching out astrally or into other dimensions. I have remote views because I'm like who the heck are you? What are you doing? You know, what name? Can I give you so I looked at them and I'm like show me where you are. Show me where you live. And the place that it took me to some people would call it lemuria. Some people would call it the Garden of Eden some people would call it new some people would call it the Crystal City. It goes by different names. So Produce that's the place where the blue guy came from and it's just part of the process of helping all these other sold that entities. So if I have to I have to ask you this and I don't mean to put you on the spot with it, but I'm just find this curious because if you you had this experience you met and had an interaction with what you call the Blue Man obviously some other type of spiritual being some in another plane and another being a light-being what Yet I'm hearing you say that you don't, you know, you don't buy into religion. I'm assuming you don't buy into a singular God, but I have I find a little bit of disparity in there. If you're running into Spiritual Beings in a near-death experience. Can you help me understand that a little better? Like when this body died, I went on to the next level. So as far as a singular God if you give it a name like God, it's not God because it's something God created if you're able to name it. So I don't know how to describe ultimately. What is I'm calling the ultimate God because that is basically nothing avoid the the potential to be That's that's what God is the religion the part I did not like is the fear and the inability for the people in the religion to see into the other dimensions like I could and they were sitting there trying to dictate all the stuff that they couldn't see and they didn't know anything about and they're trying to tell me that this is one way and I'm seeing another so that's the problem I had with religion. So it's the organ of organized religion in the sense that You've got people telling you how to worship how to believe how to think more so than the belief in a spiritual plane. Yeah, I don't worship because worship is giving your power away to an entity and if I'm gone and I created all of this then it doesn't work that doesn't even make sense and worship also be showing gratitude for your blessings that may have come from a higher power like when I see people actually worship Beeping and I watched their energy flow. It is a feeding of an entity that's on a lower level than they are. That's why you have to give it power. Give it energy. Give it love give it gratitude her or whatever it is. It's a misdirection. So there's a system out there. Like I talked to Jesus the real Jesus. Well, I got really mad at the church. So like a lying to me and I know it. I don't know what you're lying to me about but I know you're lying to me so I rejected at all. And and then you know, like let me see if there is a Jesus so I remote viewed and oh, holy crap. There was Jesus and and I talked to this this Jesus figure and he was like, I'm not what you think. I am and then he changed into all these different deity's that you see around the world and Shane stood all of those and he gave me a few other messages as well, but then I saw like this Jesus thing not Not necessarily being a man. That's the focal point for all of this but a golden energy and the flow of this golden energy. Some people call it Christ Consciousness. So and then when you go into the upper Realms, you're going oh, it's golden energy sitting it. Wow, it's great when it projects into the Hologram IT projects a man Jesus and that's the detail and that's the drama from the energy above. Step programs the drama below we're talking today with Kelly coffee. Kelly is a psychic a remote viewer and energy healer and much more and Kelly again. Thank you for being here. I want to ask you and I do this at the Peril of chat hearing this because they're gonna have a field day with me just saying this but tell me what Kelly in the Raw is Kelly of the raw is my YouTube channel and I started it in 2009 and then YouTube hired me about six months later. Oh, wow. Hired you to continue what you were doing? Yeah. YouTube used to be a lot different when they first started. I was on television. I was hosting travel shows on television and then it was kind of like if you're going to advance any more you're going to have to sleep with a bunch. Nasty old men to further your career. So I just went to bed cried that my career was over isn't somebody said hey, there's a thing called YouTube. Have you heard of it? You know, they don't censor you so I got on YouTube. I got really popular and then YouTube hired me they hired so all the original ones will hire Nellie's is monetized videos. Yeah, that's that's cool. So they trained me and and I did that so like for the first six months I was like number one on fashion or you know style of beauty I shouldn't really category they changed their earlier. So, you know cutting hair doing fashion makeup and all that goes on the trending pages. So and then six months into that is when I died and it was light and that's what changed everything my channel changed instead of getting half a million videos. You don't half a million views per video overnight on the That was doing I would get like 3,000 views on a video when I was talking about the spiritual stuff, but it was it was what I was supposed to be doing. So the topic is what the difference was in how many views you were getting. So just saying true and to be popular on YouTube YouTube has to want you to be popular. We don't accidentally get popular on YouTube like everybody thinks happened. So now for the average person that wants to get out YouTube and become famous. I'm not going to say it's impossible but it's corporate owns now in a lesser, you know Corporation, you're basically not going to get in and they're going to suppress your videos. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. I haven't been involved on YouTube for very long, but in the short time that I've been involved, I've already seen many changes and it is becoming increasingly corporate. Let's talk. Let's talk about other dimensions because you have the ability to see into other dimensions. Tell us about that other dimension. This is kind of like a local thing. I have the ability to see in all of creation at one time. And this is what I teach people how to do if you think you're the Avatar, you know, as God you create that that Avatar you put your awareness in it. You might start to think that you are the Avatar and you look up you see higher Dimensions you like down easy lower dimensions, and it's a very limited system. But if If you put your perspective in that place called imagination and your God double you have access to everything in all of creation. So it doesn't matter what it is. If you had God created it you can access it from that place. I consider myself to be one of the least sensitive people when it comes to these type of psychic senses sensibilities. I don't feel like I have any ability to connect with any of these planes Dimensions ideas feelings. I can't talk to the spirit where I mean, I feel like I am completely turned off that switch in me is completely turned off. How does someone like me change that? I do a 30-day manifestation Challenge and it's a six weeks program. You're in there like Monday through Friday and during that program. I work with people and I work with energy sessions also to look and see what it is that's keeping you from doing that and then it's a process of Letting Go and allowing that after that. So some people for the choices that they chose to come here. They might choose to like have blocks their entire life that but what they want to live out and if that's the case, you're really never going to see anything. You go in the more you try the harder it is it's not trying it's letting go and allowing. That's why it's hard for a lot of people. Yeah letting go is most difficult thing for me to do with anything. I just don't let anything go and you know and sometimes I think you said it before, you know in when early on you did not want to know when people were going to die. There were things you did not want to know in this that's a case of ignorance is bliss and I feel like in my case. I might just not want to have I just might not want to know these things. Things are see these things or talk to these things. Hmm. Yeah, and the cool thing is I guess from my perspective. It's like I got I'm God. I created created all of these characters including the characters that don't ever want to do that. And that's okay. Nobody has to be forced to do it you as odd you're you're going from every angle to have experiences and that's just one of them. So with me, I work with people that are already waking up. I don't try to coax people and wake up. You're not ready. But let's go do stuff like that. I get people who are like, oh my gosh. I see stuff every day. I don't know how to control it. You know, what do I do? And I help them get control over all of this so that on purpose they're able to not just experience the lower stuff. That's kind of yucky, but the higher stuff is And they can pick and choose our these other control. Yeah, are these other dimensions that you can see? Are they physical dimensions or are they spiritual Dimensions or is there no distinction between those two things? Okay. Well, you've got like the third density in the Third Dimension the fourth density the fourth dimension. So the density part is kind of if you want to say the physical part and and how it feels you know, the Lower the density the more solid it feels higher the density like the less followed it fills and then you've got like the third dimension the fourth the fifth the sixth Dimension the 8th Dimension. These are mental constructs. The dimensions are mental constructs. You can't be in the third density in the Avatar. And then you can allow your mind or your imagination go to the fourth dimension go a dimension higher and have those experiences while you're still physically in the third density. What's the advantage to doing this? I don't know. I used to I used to play around with all of this stuff is just very confusing us following other people's rules. And and the purpose is I guess whatever what have you buddy wants if they want to have a better Avatar experience if they want to get out of their Avatar, you know, whatever it is. I helped them clear the blogs to getting there. Everybody usually want something. So help them to get there. I don't think it's for everybody everybody's capable of doing it. That doesn't mean that they are they should because it might be something that they can't handle and I'm not going to be here in dictate try to force anybody to do this, but it's something you want to do or you're in the middle of it don't know how to control it. That's where I stepped in and helped. What talking tonight with Kelly coffee by the way her website? Which do you prefer one of the websites over the other is there reason to go to one versus the other? Yes, we separated them for a reason. I've got ten companies with with a bunch of products. So on Kelly coffee.com. I have my sessions and everything to do with the spiritual my 30-day manifestation Challenge and we have a free Workshop coming up parts of the dense excited about that. So that's Are all of that is part and then I've got coffee and spices. I got Spice Company coffee company that's on always cook with love and I wanted to keep them separate the people that know me as a spiritual person are okay with everything but if someone maybe is not okay with the spirituality, there's going to find that the world's best coffee and it's kind of cool, you know bag that is that it's a dead end and I want to buy it and I don't care who makes it. Kind of wanted to have a separation there for marketing purposes. That makes sense Kelly. Can you see the future? Everybody can let's think about this. What is time? What is the past? What is the president? What is the future if you think about your God there's a bubble surrounding you of everything that exists you are capable of touching this place over here has a very thing that exists at one time all of it 14 points, or you can take let's say a hundred events. Put them in a row that create a character inside your illusion that has to follow this path and have all of these experiences in a row without being able to move forward or go backwards in this process. You have to just keep following four one, two, three, four five and you cannot skip around and that's how you as God create Time by by doing that so you get out I did this thing called time when you get in the car in the concept of the god bubble, which is just accessing your imagination and from that place what we're calling the past because you're looking at it from an avatar perspective where you can't get off this path. So you're down here when you're up there you'd say. Oh this will say you're at level 30 and you want to access level 19. We would call that past but you as God sit in the middle of the bubble and look up to the right and go. Oh, there it is. It's that spot right there. And now we want to access the future, which is already been created. It's up there. It's number 45. We're waiting to get to the level 45. So take a while to get there in the Avatar. But you come from the perspective of the god bubble and you go. Oh, it's just right over here to the left. I can access that information over here to the left. So to you from that position, there are no limits and you can access anything without a do not enter sign. So it's the future has already been created and you can access it that way what happens to Free Will and what happens with to the ability many people who offer glimpses into other's Futures. They call themselves psychics or whatever often say that when they do that it gives the person the opportunity to use their free will to actually alter it. That is the way that I look at it when you look from every Dimension that does look different but you have all these timelines all these potential time. Kinds of everything that you as God created in a space. So you start down in your experience in the Avatar. You start down one of the timelines. Well, you're eating bad food, you're staying out late. You're drinking too much whiskey all of that you go to a psychic and the psychic looks at the potential path the potential timeline based on all the choices you've made up to until that point and she looks as he goes. Oh two years. You're going to have cancer. And so you have some choices here, right? Because this is where the Free Will comes in. Oh, no, I'm not I'm going to eat right? I'm going to sleep. I'm going to exercise and all that stuff. And then you change the timeline you're capable of changing the timeline. So when psychic looks into the future and says this is going to happen. Usually it's you know, 90% of the time it does happen because people tend to never change. And they continue down the path of the psychic saw in the first place. Yeah, I think that's probably true of human nature, even when they're when they see the consequences of their actions that many times they're so ingrained in those habits that they just will not change them. Yeah, and that's when I work with people on removing those the cool thing is when you cut something kind of stuck in the Avatar, you've got all the details and the drama and the colors. It's very difficult to do. It's kind of like creating a video game you're playing the video. The character in the video game cannot fly. It can go to the right left forward and backwards, but it cannot fly and it's you playing the game from the character inside the game trying to make this happen. You've got to go up on a higher level to what is programming the game in the first place and then you can change in allow the character to fly. And make all those changes on a higher level. So when I work with people, we don't sit on a Calpers cows and whine about our problems that just gets them stuck more we go into higher level where there are implants and there are programs that people put in place and there's all kinds of stuff that's keeping them in stuck in this and they remove them on a higher level and just remember these are all visualization techniques focusing techniques your God you created Anything you just kind of tip rarely got your awareness stuck in an avatar and you visualize them some things every time you visualize you create something. Shall we go until tell me about your ability to alter people's minds. I don't really do that anymore. But you did. Yeah, this is this is what it's when people find out their awareness level is really high and they can read people's minds then, you know to steering my teenage years and kind of when it started. I'm like I'm going to put thoughts in people's minds. I'm going to get them to do things and then I found that I was really good at them. I could look into their eyes and out of you got hypnotized and people would be like what just happened to me. So that's an ability that some people have and then I guess the misuse of that and then you learn how the universal word it. Some people call it karma, but you learn how the universe works when you do stuff like that and then it's like that's not fun anymore getting anybody to do anything. I want them to to do that's not fun. You know, there's no challenge. So you go through a phase of doing that a lot of people do and then they kind of back out of it going. Hey, you know, that's it didn't feel good. I don't you know, it's not really helping people. Yeah, we have to go to break here in just a minute before we do and when we come back, I'm going to start talking about remote viewing little in a little more detail. But before we go to break tell me what people can find. I know you kind of went over the two websites, but as far as Services as far as this training, He's in helping people remove these blocks that are affecting the way they see things tell me what they can find on your website that will help them do that. Oh, yes on Kelly coffee.com. I have a 30-day minutes at station challenge coming up on March the 23rd got a morning and an evening class. And that's one of the best places that they could get their hand held during the process and and Purge all of these things. Then we have a bigger project involved with this. This and at this point there's not a lot I can tell you I can tell you a little bit there. We have it written and we are at the point of casting for a reality show and it has something based on a 30-day manifestation challenge. So whoever gets in that week, they all signed non-disclosure agreements and they are going to be developing in helping with this reality show that's going to go out to millions of people and Both of them to remove their blocks through a television show with 31 episode. Well, this is a really exciting project in moving forward tell you mentioned even remote viewing the coronavirus at what point did you recognize remote viewing is one of the tools in your toolbox? Well, I guess I was born remote viewing because that's a part of you know, seeing the future. Okay, it's remote viewing and when I talk about remote viewing I'm talking about smelling with you get there and tasting and hearing and all I work and I helped to train some of the world's best psychics and they come to me to improve what they do. They all have different methods for if they're doing x-ray vision or looking inside of a person to diagnose. One of them was just feeling for cancer almost like with an imaginary hand and that's how he knew it was cancer and he was very upset because he didn't get it one time. You know, he missed it the the cancer he was very upset that that could have happened. So I helped him open up to hey while you're there open. Your eyes and look listen, is there any squishy sounds you coming from it Mel what is cancer smell like so I had him go through all of these senses and evaluate it where he was able to see it with all of his senses and not just with his hands because everybody has a method of doing it. They kind of get stuck in they don't fly other ways of doing it. Some people might just get a knowledge download, but they never see some people see but they never Here, so I help people to get the blocks out of the way so that they're able to remote view in real time with every sense because they remote View and Cave they can smell the mustiness. They can feel the cold with an imaginary hand. They can touch the wall and see how cold it is and how dance it is. That brings us to Healing you also have in the past healed. How does healing work from an energy sense or a spiritual sense that the new age and other practices their method of healing is basically. Hey, let's manipulate all of the stuff in the body, which I taught people how to do over the years because I could do it I could teach them easily. So I taught them how to shrink tumors and change the energy field. The pancreas and all of the stuff we did that over time and over four years ago when I discovered the god bubbles you want to think of it that way it was like, oh my gosh, wait a minute. The reason that the illness is there in the first place is something has been pulled in there. That's inappropriate and should not be there. And instead of lining it up and balancing it and and all that. Let's find out why you pulled it in there and it's usually an emotion that you're holding in so you let go of the emotions and we use the god bubble as a focusing technique remove it so that place called imagination look at the size shape and color if you don't see it make it up you're in the god bubble. There's no rules. So you remove the color remove the placeholder. This is just a visualization and focusing technique. That's all this is and you put everything in that God bubble the gods bubble in your mind kind of knows more than you do when you're stuck to your avatar. So whatever you remove should you transmute it? She's you send it off in sector nine doesn't need to be destroyed. Does it need to be returned? Because you remove something as shouldn't when you when you give that to the god bubble you can trust it and know that it's going to do the right thing and And now when you have your energy field clear you instead of adding to their practices out there. It's like remove something and replace it with good thoughts. Whatever and I'm looking at that's like a surgeon is doing surgery on your stomach. You've got a tumor in there and they take the tumor out and go well crap. There's a big hole there. Is anybody have anything to stuff in this hole before we sell this person back up, you know that makes just about as much sense as Moving something and putting something back in there good grief. It's in there and it's not supposed to be take it out. And then it's allowing process allow your energy field allow the energy of your lungs allow all of this stuff just to go back to Natural normal factory settings healing itself on its own and that's how people heal and that's why I get a lot of terminally ill people. I do not charge for someone who has been in In date from their doctor, I don't charge for that and every person that I worked with except for one and he kind of came into late and then had a brain aneurysm in the middle of all of it. But everybody else I have worked with that had two weeks to live six weeks to live three months to live. They're all still alive while they heal themselves and the 30-day minutes of station challenge. There was a lady that I'm going to talk about and she's going to come on over to interview her on my show. Chic. Aim into the 30-day manifestation challenge with cancer. She had been diagnosed four months before that not knowing what to do. She takes the course and then on the last week, she was tested for cancer and it was negative. So this is the kind of stuff that people are capable of doing gently by letting go and allowing things to function the way that they were meant to function originally. Well, I mean that's that's powerful stuff. And you say you actually I think the word you used in some of your writings as that you love working with terminally ill people that must be an amazingly powerful relationship to have with somebody that you know has been given that diagnosis in to work with them to for them to figure out how to beat those odds. That must be quite powerful. Well the reefs like working with them is is a lot of People don't want to let go of stuff because it's like it might be inconvenient. I might cry and mess up my mascara. You know, these are the reasons that people don't work through their issues. I don't want to be uncomfortable for five minutes though some one that's dying and they want to live they will do every single thing that I say they will do it and they will do it all day long and their tumors shrink very fast and immediate I've been working with one per a new Terminally ill person with lymphoma and I've been working with him for a week and I let him set his schedule. You know, I don't charge him any money. He tells me when he would like to see me and this last week he had a bunch of lumps like visual lumps from this and he said the lumps of already started going down in one week just simply because he's letting go and it makes sense to him and his body is healing a cell you talk to any of these folks on an ongoing. Is once they've turned that corner and I'm most curious as to what their medical professionals say. For to them after they've they've beaten such odds. I mean they've got there must be some comment from the medical professionals at attend to these people. They must be amazed the people that heal themselves suddenly becomes very unimportant for their physician to know or care or whatever just completely unimportant because they know it worked. They're not they don't even care about their Physicians limitations, but I Seeing all kinds of reactions from from Physicians when it happens from like, oh it's a complete total Miracle. It had nothing to do with anything you did. It was just spontaneous that would that would work. That would be the reaction I would expect but what else did they say? Uh-huh, we tested the tests were wrong with you. Really you really didn't have cancer, but they probably made a mistake in the lab. So I mean that in itself is awfully scared. Where'd they think that making those kinds of mistakes as possible? That's kind of scary in itself. Exactly. I mean, yeah, I mean that's powerful stuff you did you have a vision of the 9/11 attacks. So I remember that correctly the 9/11 there was something going on there. I thought before it happened it started in. I'm so sorry. I forgot the year maybe 1993. I'm sorry. 93 92 is around Christmas. There was a plane that was I jacked in London and the hijack and I knew how it was how many people were going to die and all of that but I saw something very strange. I thought crushing but in a weird way and I couldn't put my finger on it because that's the time you didn't have the concept of people running airplanes into buildings. It just didn't make any sense. So that thing fixed itself this terrorists were shot. They did not, you know take the play. Lane and run it into buildings. So that was an attempt there. And then I guess the 9/11 it was like I was seeing all of this stuff happened that I didn't understand because I'd never seen anybody take an airplane and fly it into a building. So I was seeing it as an airplane crash but something bigger than that and it has struggled to put words to it. so yeah I saw that I saw the planning and it all so that that was incorrect that was stressful yeah there's though that is that is incredible I want to go back to your near-death experience again because another thing you say about that is that you saw traps that were used after death to capture people what do you mean by that well I saw how the different religions that kind of direct you oh this is what happens when you die this is the thing that happens and and I saw them going into places that were basically prisons or traps the the Christians would go into these boxes and it was so full that they had almost like these rectangular extra like you've got temporary buildings around the school when you suddenly have too many students you know one year for those kind of what it looked like so I saw how some of these religions would have people believing a certain thing where they would direct them after they died to a certain place Go back into their cage think of it. Do you mean that way you mean that when they're alive? They're taught these things. So after they die, they try to follow that path and it puts them into a traps them. Basically. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, that's what I saw and this encouragement to go into, you know, a type of tunnel and be traps. I remote viewed in this reality what happens when a person dies and and I see the Soul and Spirit the soul kind of looks like an egg with a bunch of colors in it in the spirit is like this white light sticks. That's about 6 feet tall roughly maybe 10 inches wide that power that powers it. So I saw this going to the moon and the moon have this kind of like a tube structure that was jutting out of it and this soul and the spirit went into that and then Inside of the Moon it was almost like this big cavern or big cave that almost look like a stomach like you're in the stomach of something and and what happened immediately is the soul that egg part got stripped off of the the light stick and put and put in there and then I followed the light sticking it got stored somewhere else. It was like a reincarnation type thing in that technology. I see repeated. When we remote-view areas 54 it's of that's one of the scariest places on the planet that I remote view you've got I saw mainly men so it looks kind of like a military thing was men only and you have these beings that were like very tall Grey's with double hemisphere type heads and they were sitting in like a theater in the round with this guy in the middle strapped down and you saw his spirits through their technology. It was a combination of he has something to do with their minds together were able to get the spirit and soul out of this man and put it sometimes they would store it sometimes they would put it in another Avatar or clone or whatever you whatever you call it so that's where there's a lot of alien experimentation that I see going on where aliens are allowed to experiment on humans all right so I have two questions about aliens than first of all one is if you've just acknowledged that you believe aliens and exist and you've seen them through your remote viewing are aliens basically the same Souls that we are just in different bodies from a different planet the the aliens are on I guess a higher level and part of the management of the experience that we're having here in this awareness ultimately your God and you created every character in this during the aliens so you're having an experience through them but you express yourself in these different beings on different levels and some beings don't have a soul or this this concept there's a lot of beings out there that do have a soul if it's a non human soul it tends to be shaped kind of strangely like tall and long or really really tiny around and so there are a lot of entities or beings I don't know what to call them interdimensional social beings extraterrestrials you know what do we call anything which are they I'm sure they are they interdimensional or are they and I hate to use extraterrestrial because that would apply to anything they interdimensional or they from another physical planet that we you know we not in our solar system but somewhere else no when I look at how the structure of the universe is laid out there's a bunch of layers you can call it reality bubbles in sometimes these cities are able to exist in your reality bubble or Dimension or frequency at the same time some of these like a like a lenticular craft that could be in the third fourth and fifth dimension at one time you have beings that are capable of without technology existing or appearing in these then they would get in a technology like a merkabah toroidal field sphere and they could go physically for their to mention while being protected in that bubble go from a dimension through Dimension through Dimension through dimension in this protected state so I see all kinds of stuff out there when I remote view most of the time I don't know what to name the were out of classified them because I see every through anything yeah one of the things you've also done speaking of aliens as you've helped people Empower themselves to remove alien implants is that something you've done yes when I remote-view babies like in another stomach I see that there's already four implants that are already there and in every baby in every baby or just we'll just the ones I've seen you know I've not looked at every baby on the planet but every day to every baby you've looked at has these implants in them in them is that what you're saying yeah I see the implants in there but not the chakras so the chakras I see is an implant that stays outside the body and as you have experiences that the governance of this reality wants you to have then a chakra like self-activating software it activates it creates a toroidal field inside of the physical body in all Dimensions I guess and this total field really disrupts the flow of energy inside of the body we that's a everybody's favorite in And I guess if you were to look at it that way but scientists will argue about how long the human body is capable of living 3500 years, you know or more when you have a chakra system in place that the toroidal fields are inside the physical body. Like here's one in the lungs that's supposed to be lung energy stomach that's supposed to be stomach energy and you've got something else in there. We all have that VY called a spirit stick hit that white light the chakra system feeds off of that white light the that's what keeps it going. So when people remove their chakras, they have a huge relief and they might be hit by a bus tomorrow, but they have the potential then of living a really long time when they get everything out of their body that's not supposed to be there in the factory settings. this is all very fascinating when you talk about being God ourselves we are we are our God or we are God and you talk about an avatar let's let's strip that away let's say the Avatar and the technology is gone what are we at the core you are the potential to be something and then let's just say in three dimensional terms you got bored and lonely just sitting there to be the potential all the time so your First Act of Creation was like and you create this bubble we're toroidal field if you were to look at it that way and you create all the stuff on the surface you create black light with all the colors white light Golden Light and you would God put your perspective if you will into this reality that you created to experience it and to watch yourself experiencing it so it's basically Limitless potential absolutely when you get in that God bubble there's no rules when you're in The Matrix you better make sure that your equations are balanced or you're going to have a problem we're going to write about I'm sorry we're going to run out of time here and I want to give you an opportunity once again to give us a little more information about the 30-day manifestation challenge you've touched on it a couple times but what is it who is it important for me who would who would benefit most leaf Being a part of this and how do they get involved? Thank you for asking. Yeah, anybody that wants to achieve anything in life. Do you want to have the ability to just get out of your house and talk to other people. Do you want to be the top salesperson at work? Do you want to get rid of this cancer? Do you want to get control of your emotions though it whatever you're attempting to achieve or trying to achieve in life. This will work it goes through 30 days. And I call it my everything class. I teach you everything I know and how to do it from x-ray vision to creating organs inside your body healing reading Minds controlling Minds remote viewing. We do it all in this class in every day. We spend an incredible amount of time actually purging letting go and getting rid of things and manifesting. It's insane the stuff that people been a best When they realize that they're creating their reality, then it is just so easy when you know how the universe works. It's easy to manifest manifestation techniques that I teach is from the level of the god bubbles. So think about this and why the law of attraction is so limiting you have to believe you are the avatar for the law of attraction to work. But your God you're in the center you create this this big bubble around around you and you you manifest you create from nothing you create this simply by feeling it and then it's created and now that it is in your creation now, it is subject to the Law of Attraction. So you get a double benefit from almost effortless work of just sitting in a wonderful emotion, and it works incredibly powerful. and I mean it sounds it sounds quite amazing and it's just part of the the free Workshop is that separate it separate in the free Workshop is kind of like a prepping for it so you know exactly what to do to be prepared for the 30 minutes of station Challenge and if they were up to Kelly at Kelly coffee.com just ask for the coupon code and you get the $250 workshop for free so this is really exciting and in that Workshop I'm going to tell them for free every step everything on how to manifest so then after that they can go on their own most people have a hard time being disciplined and they kind of are scared they want someone to hold her hands in the process so then they go through the 32 minutes of station challenge after that but I still give the information for free there it is sounds great and again that's at your website Kelly coffee.com right yes yes thank you yeah we're out of time I hope you feel better sounds like you feel okay but you still just struggling with with with the loss of voice there but hopefully it all rectified in my vocal cords I lost the vocal cords at all this stuff probably why it sounds so terrible well Kelly it's been wonderful time I really appreciate you being with us tonight look forward to having you back and best of luck with everything thank you so much for having me on young reality paranormal is hosted by EG V Johnson and produced by arriving Palmer and Slick Eddie Edwards like us on Facebook and subscribe to our YouTube Channel please consider supporting the program either through your podcast platform click on the link in the description or on patreon it johar Productions if you'd like to be a guest on Beyond reality paranormal or you have a recommendation for a guest contact our producer slick Eddie Edwards Eddie is spelled with a why at slick Eddie Edwards at gmail.com