That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast. That's why John the Seagram here as always. I have J Dizzle. Don't talk too close to the mic there, buddy. All right over that. All right. We have a very special guest with us today guys, very special guests. So come in. Away from random locations. We have Eli's Brothers ban on the podcast who is great. We're getting a little bit closer to that's how you know, who is here finally little sweat step closer to Eli this podcast just messing around. I've never seen him in real life. Wait. Have you seen brother does exist have you seen? Derek and Eli in the same place though. It was scary for me. Just kidding guys. We have very special guests. We're very excited to have him on Trader Joe. Everyone. Come on, give her a round of applause. They didn't want to do it. We had to talk them into you gotta pay them with beer actually tell me we're supposed to clap for ourselves. Why don't you guys go to introduce ourselves? Okay. Well, I'm Oliver Jackson. I play guitar and I sing and Yeah. All right. He takes all the credit. Yeah, I'm pretty much the best. That's all you are. It's all I got you are treated Joe might as well. Call me Joe. Yeah. Yeah, and you know, well, this guy's playing guitar mom back on the drums. My name is Jason Kimura played drums for the band. Also do backup vocals. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a certain back there on the drum set and last. Last but not least Derek Obregon I play bass and I do not sing and he's Eli's brother. Ravana clip. Was it but our nice it looks like yeah. Well, then you guys so much for being on the show man. We're really excited to have you guys on we've been, you know, looking forward to this ever since you guys agreed to be on so I have a few questions when I get into you Jesse. Do you want to start off you guys have a list prepared? I'm impressed. First of all, that's a well I thank you. Thank you guys. Well, how does it feel? To be on a podcast that mostly broadcast to Trump Nation. So that's a breach of contract fucking out of here. I'm not going to drop your mic but I would be like being on your show. Oh man. It's the best is a Fox News of podcast. You don't know what we don't know what it's like. I know we just got started. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm not gonna tell her I don't know the whole the whole let's do shots, but sip on him was a little old house my dear. I just like to enjoy things, you know, okay, I think it's my little don't think you're alone in that. Alright. So first off we want to talk about how we hold up before we go into that. We should have a moment. Oh, yeah. I'm always for your founder. There was a death today the CEO. Are the founder of Trader Joe's passed away today? No way. Yeah, how do you feel about that? Well, I know all about it publicity stunt to have it. I mean we weren't going to tell anybody but why you think you're on the podcast my man, you know, I thought you guys to hear my arm. You're already breaking our silence on me. We're that's under our contract. We're not supposed to talk about the official spokespeople. All right, so it's a real questions now, maybe I don't through the questions. But all right. So, how did you guys meet? How did you guys form the band? Like how did that all come together this incarnation of the band or the Big Bang version? Well, yeah. Wow the Big Bang version. Well, I can tell you something that started off with a bang and that was maybe maybe that's wrong way to say it but less than this gentleman right here was at my birthday party in first grade. Wow, and just I think My six I was 26. It's funny. You should mention this when I met Eli. Okay, I got ya. So he was at the sleepover and I have a twin brother and we shared a room and we had bunk beds and we were jumping off these bunk beds and Jason jumps off the bunk bed. Like we're just dropping, you know, come on Hagen jumps off his fucking head on the ceiling drops down to the floor me and my brother. Terrified we go up to him like oh my God, are you okay and he turns around and he's just laughing his ass off. And so that's I think that's a good introduction here. Like behind the drums you kid getting go somewhere with drugs you like the Bing shit. Yeah. Sorry. I mean we started me and Derek started jamming or I'm sorry. Me and Jason I'm probably gonna get a lot by the way, which their names aren't even close. They have the same hair cuts not Okay, bye but yes, he did. We went to Pakistan we can see anything guys do this. But yeah, man, so me and Jason started jamming we were like 12 and so I think the seventh grade was jammed a little bit Yeah formed a band with our friend Jake Rubio blank garages. Yeah, but in the garage, we had a we had another bass player named Josh Bidwell before Derek. Yep, and / - yeah, we kind of like kindly quit like kick them out of the Bands. He couldn't do a show you do a specific show. She's like, I don't know. Maybe you can get Derek over gone to play actually, it's funny because at that time to like I told everyone that you know at a it was Middle School right when we were doing that. Yeah at that point. Yeah, I played bass but I never really play bass, you know, so I told everyone yeah, you know, I Base and then when they approached me like hey, Josh can't do the show. He said you can fill in for some like all right, cool. So I show up to Jake's house at the time and they're all like, alright great. So here's the songs and then Oliver starts out right away with okay. So Josh does this but you're going to do this. So I'm you know, kind of terrified because this is my first time actually We playing with musicians or like at least people that have played before and so I'm like, okay cool, you know, whatever. So I'm trying to learn all these songs and I think we learned about I don't know maybe four or five. So what year is it? I can't remember how many Italians probably don't know. This was for Jake's 2011. This is for Jake's little brother's birthday party. Yeah, or wait was it nice little Josh? Yes. It was for Josh and drop that kid two years old. My actual scared in my accident was picking up that kid and and causing his head hit the fan since the theme with the space Papi Papi Papi. Oh my God that happened to ya picked up this kid and boom, you know that that fan stop dude. It was on high and it stopped thanks to a two year olds head. It's so Yeah, I didn't throw Josh in anything or drop him anywhere but I did play for his his birthday party. And yeah, it was like 10 12 songs that I learned the night before and you know, it's just in front of a family party. So none of them really cared but I was terrified but I mean, I did good enough you did a good job. Yeah, I don't know enough because they they kept me around and decided that Josh was no longer in the band and I was well with others we have a moment of silence for that guy. I haven't talked to him in years. Gemma Gemma Gemma dude, honestly, I will tell you Josh Bidwell. I was at his house one time. I've freaking hardcore ADHD. I was looking at one of his CDs and we're listening to music and I'm like listening to him talk to me as well. But I'm not paying attention to what I'm doing and I literally in my head I was like, I wonder if this CD fits in that paper shredder. beautiful Two minutes and it was like wow. Okay, I want this guy can work with this guy. He listens to everything just everything. I fuckin tell him as he stands up during a practice. He's not just and he also would not have played with his thumb over here, Derek. He said have a pin on his bass. Trap that said but no pics. Yeah, he doesn't anymore is because I got him this dope-ass freaking padded the very ergonomic strap. It's like very padded and that thing I can hold up a horse all show if I have to like, it's great. So you're holding up all of his dick the whole time. Trust me, it works. No effort. Trust me. I've tried it out. Those are those are good times at that the back in the day though. So that's how you like. So you guys met that way you start playing that's how we met and we went through a couple different iterations of the band in high school. Yeah. Well we well, let's back up little bits of middle school because I think honestly do not to brag too much but we were pretty fucking serious man for Middle School, I think so. Yeah. It was cool. It was really fun. Why are you guys gonna steer about masturbation on this show? But why are these called The Crooked podcast my boys? Don't just talk about it. My voice may have cracked hard in those days, Mom. Down. Oh, you're saying shit in the high school or middle school. You said Middle School? Yeah, I'm a pretty what I mean is like we were we what I meant it the connotation I was going for is like we were into it like we were dedicated like we fucking made practice happen. Regularly. We were writing songs. It was a great time Jake Rubio shout out that dude. That was the fourth member at in those days not got nothing but love and respect for that guy through and through we're also like the we were kind of like that. Band the school would definitely pick us to do to do things. You know. Yeah middle and high school. It's like, oh, well, we are recognized you'd like the as like the band that that maybe students probably new most, you know for a while. So we had a lot of names. Yeah, and I we were called the we were first called the crumbs actually while we went we went through a bottle without Abby that is problems with no B CR u ms. Because we were way too cool for real spelling, but don't worry. We went with we try it out Jake and the Giant Peach has for a little bit. It was fun The Feisty lemons all the spicy lemons was good fuzz, which was actually a recommendation from Jake's dad. Subscribe us. Yeah scrotum fuzz. I think I think Jake's dad actually order like he had like spicy lemons pics like on his you ready to order the cat salute, or maybe he didn't order it. But but he was yeah. He almost made a bunch of pics. Yeah. Yeah. I'm tying Justice. That's why was my camera. And then the fostex is it was The Supremes first, right? But then I thought sounded like something straight out of my uncle Ned thought of that and yeah and we stole it fuck it. We're not think of it Fozzie Bear. No. No, it's just I mean, maybe it was back in what like the 70s that he thought of that something like that. Yeah. It was like in high school or something, but I thought the Fosdick Supreme sounded like something you order at Taco Bell. So we I didn't have I remember you said that I mean, I just feel like it's kind of cool fast food dish its high school Taco Bell's like the best. Yeah, but when we cut it the right was like that in the day you get shit for talk about for like you don't have a fucking meal for five bucks. Now, you're like God damn it and started making those boxes. Yeah. Remember when we used to have like taco Tuesday and we dishes and I remember when I destroy well beat you you you wait. I'll tell you so I want to talk about the quote-unquote Rivalry we had with some other band which is comprised of our dear dear friends. A lot of said no. Yeah, go ahead. Yes or zero tolerance. So here's what's funny these guys Jason mentioned that we were You know, we could play for the school. You could be like we do it accurate. You know what I'm saying? Like we were like we were like straight-laced and the zero tolerance was so much cooler than us it like and and it's funny because to me from my perspective. It was like these guys are the fucking cool kids the punk rockers. Like I wish we could be remotely as cool as them like they're way cooler Daniel. These are the Bedrock Robert stage dco is Puff CJ rest in peace. Oh, yeah fucking she's down guys. Here's to ya and to robbed a jean and hands a fucking robbed a jean man. Both of those guys. Love them to death. Anyways. Yeah, so they were the cool guys. I didn't leave anybody out, right puff CJ. I think they'll probably yeah DC. Oh, yeah. Anyways, they were the cool guys and we weren't as cool as they were. We definitely weren't as cool as they were and I don't know. I just wanted to give a shout out. So I think we're fast. Dieter High School, I do distinctly remember that there was one time when we were in the Bible reads like they were they don't know how it came about but somehow, you know Middle School drama like they just started talking to shit on everyone and I think they talk shit on all of you guys that talk shit on usefui. All of you except it was cool. You know, that's Eli's brother because of this Jake sucks because of the Wait, what did they say? And I was like Jason sucks because it's like entering guy. He's cool. He's cool because he's friends with like this person. I was like, oh man, like I felt so left out because I was like don't want to be made fun of you. Feel cool. No one's like I'm like I need to we're all equals in this band. Like I need to be shit on to sound weird. But yeah, like I like they need Dark Shadow now, we know his finish. It's a crazy. That's crazy brought up on the podcast but he was back to where we were talking about the taco Tuesday Tuesday, we were talking about how you guys met. Yeah, that was pushing. It was the Big Bang version so dude. Yeah. All right, go ahead is back there. So Taco Tuesday, you guys have taco competition. Yeah me and me and Eric were the only we're really the competitors there. And this is when Taco Tuesday was just three hard shell. Alors soft shell tacos for a dollar. This was probably like 2006 2005 2006 actually work there at the time too. Yeah, we go to the same fucking one like a dork but anyways is right there. But so we did and we did a major competition and Derek managed to eat 18, holy shit, but I 21 so holy shit. And then like what time spent like two minutes? This is no, I mean we could you have to eat the fast. If you're in that many don't have a time limit, it was just like all we would do is we'd go to this Del Taco after school and all of us would like scrounge up all our change and we'd order as many tacos as we can and then we just don't know dude. I remember when we were brotherly the the funny thing about that though at that specific Del Taco. You could go up in order a stoner burrito and they would know what you were talking about and you would get a stoner burrito you talk about the one that's off of amethyst and been there. Yeah. I'm Taco 916 only one. I'm not a stoner. I never actually ordered it my ex ex ex girl. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Max every time it's a no. It's a girlfriend. Okay, I get it now. Okay. I think it was just like a regular bean and cheese burrito with fries and Special Sauce. Yeah. Yeah. I think that was not well half pound burrito has real Friday special sauce. So it's bolt. Yeah, we used to go back in the day in the hotel talk about that. But the point is that but they would they would comprehend. Give me a fucking star. He would never say that way too, you know. Yeah, you have to whisper. What was that sir? What you want, you know? Yeah. All right. So we talked about middle school. Can we get to high school? So when did you guys become a fucking band called Trader, Joe? Wow, sorry. Yeah, that's such good friends. Just talked about can we take one more story of high school? Just like we're all kind of on this like before we move on just cause it's topic Trump in your questions and probably reach a contract. We think of a different word overcome, maybe dominate maybe all I want to say about like all the the high school bands. We used to be in like after Middle School. We all were we were all friends and like those two kind of rival bands and we all just kind of like traded members so throughout high school. That was it. Yeah. There was a just rotating door of Like, you know all of us and our best friends just playing music getting together one of these, you know, Ryan Luke. Yeah CJ Ross resin soul. And I remember at the end of high school before the first iteration of this everything kind of like blew up or like we all kind of went off had to go do different things blew up. So like your guys heads how big your band got no. No, I got the biggest fucking ego and we can tell bro. There was a really fragile one band we had in at the end of the the end of our year. It was all over myself and Daniel. Do you see? Oh, yeah Tac the happy campers. Oh, yeah ask you about what is the incentive? Right? Do you see the Happy Kids ICC? We ended up playing our schools Battle of the Bands, which was the first battle of the bands ever that you know was held at Silverado and the guest judge for them was Dave Lombardo the drummer for Slaughter. I was one of the episodes that were episode that's right lived around the he lived around the block for me. Apple Valley dude, none of the victory all but then he moved to happen. Oh, okay. Yeah, but so like in there so I have an old podcast we've talked about this scenario. So I'm glad you're here to corrupt because I fucked it up. You guys are talking to Dave and he went to my church and went to I played at we don't want to hear it. Whatever drummer your drums drummer. It is about drums because Dave Lombardo filled in for me because I used to play drums for math. Well that's on Saturdays and and then one weekend I couldn't do it so they got him to fill in for me. So nice like fuck is anybody see Jason De Muro? Hey, did anybody see that? But yeah, that's I feel like that's cool in the story. I was going to say was just from ours we ended up winning that battle of the bands. We got to some free recording time. Well, but the funny thing the best thing about the fact that we won the Battle of the Bands is there was not a single Oh my goddess or any other recognized human language in that song that we want the song There the actually there were three where were three words Tuesday? Yeah at that time. We I did none of us knew this except our think we're going to the night before we go to our recording session where I already see what's the lyrics for hard to see anything. I don't have any and we're like what this is like, he's like, he's like, yeah, dude. I don't have any lyrics so we have to like just create this make some lyrics up on the spot the night before and it was probably one of my favorite songs from like that time like oh, so remember you tell me that yeah, there was no lyrics of that. Yeah party say it's all you have that we might as well. Yeah, so we go That was a lot of fun. These are talking about Trader Joe's. Yeah, so now we'll fast forward a few years fast-forward to the College Years. The son of the Trader Joe started in my sister's garage actually is my brother. Uncle Ontario man. We the deal was I would move in with my sister. I would help her kind of fix up her place, but we got the garage as and me and Eli so we already who's that guy? Oh, man, you get tingles them out. I just like felt really good. Maybe it's his cores. I don't fuck. The only one that's ever seen in the wild. Very true. There's a nail I do. This is like this whole podcast is like the biggest blow job to fucking Eli. Well, what's so cool is like listeners are going to think that this guy I mean who may or may not exist? It's just the coolest fucking don't be so disappointed. Thanks to figure out Trader Joe's started. So we were in my sister's garage and they've been years since Oliver and I had played in a band together. We'd all kind of gone through our iterations of you know, going through random ass bands. That's just two guys for sets in short. Oh, yeah, that was part of the old ones for that. That was way before any sort of Middle School. Holy shit. But when we went to when we got together after we all kind of did our own thing musically and I think it was great for all of us because we all had various. Yeah, that sounds I'm fucked up some I don't know what's going to see something is wrong. Just as long as we're not clipping. You might want to bring everybody down. You know, just Jason really does know everything about awesome for sure. Okay, sounds good. Yeah, so we're in my sister's garage, which all are Ilan. I had kind of converted into a little studio and it was just a practice space. So Oliver wood. Over or don't even know how it started but we ended up. Well, I moved back from Sacramento. I lived in Sacramento. It's right. It's right almost for like seven or eight months. That's right. Came back it up Derek just like man. I need a I need to make music again. I was in a band of the time with three chords. Shout out to Mike Garrett and ripping Ricky Boyer. Yep still in that band text was technically still in that bad. We haven't played for a while. But anyways continue. Yeah, so we got together and my sisters garage and just started kind of playing some songs and You know, we weren't sure but here was worse 2014 sounds of all, right, probably somewhere around there. Yeah, definitely fucking 2014. Okay, I'm gonna go with it. That's what and and how did we were you still with Teague? See? How did they feel about it? No, no, we that teach the ended. We had a couple of years after after we did the recording with Dave Lombardo. We Oliver actually left eye drums for that bad Oliver play drums. Yeah, you could just for THC. Yeah pull. Yeah, the the second iteration of any like no, thank you. That's right. That's right. Yeah. So right after we recorded this album were recorded our demo with Dave Lombardo Oliver, this is when CJ came back. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry teaser. That's cool. We were trying but trying to kick us off CJ come back to do long. I'm going to say it's all your guys's fall for giving us the Big Bang. CJ had come back from was you know, High over something. He was in Ohio that we did 30 days and we have not answer the first question. You have my endorsement. Yeah, I suggested I see people this is Tweeting. I like the fuck is your mic check fucking up on a always has so much gas. Give him what the fuck am I doing? How do you think I feel? I know you've been asking questions you get us going every piece of just care about this band. Sure. Yeah, right. Okay. So at least we got 30 minutes in before that game. Fucking question. Okay, so I'm going to take I'm Gonna Save Us here. And so yeah, so we started jamming and like 2014. I just moved back from Sacramento. Excuse me. That was actually doing that. Yeah. No. No, I finished my shot first. I'm done. I don't know what that didn't want to take the shot finishes the first I know well he isn't talking the most either stuff. So he hasn't been in the band at this point. So yeah, so well, but there never really was a bad rumors are now that is true. Yeah. Yeah. So anyways use 2014. We started jamming that lasted for about a year actually we and a lot of it was just like there. Was there a lot of it for me and I think for you two is like socializing, you know, I mean, it was just really cool to hang out and just play music so it wasn't really anything particularly, you know constructive until really until about September of 2015 where because when Derek ran into Jason at some kind of party the Jason was doing sound for Lake Alice out in Riverside with Rick right Jim. Shout out to Rick and we were I forgot why I was there but I ended up there for a show or something and I just so happen to see Jason. So I started talking to him see if he was in a band or anything. I don't think he had a band that he was in at the time Jason. Do you were you in a band at that time? Not then? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so he was not in a band and I I mentioned to him. Hey Oliver and I we've been getting back together. We was hanging out with his ex ex ex keep going. There's there's a couple other exes. He is a good-looking one of the bad guys. He's the best-looking one for sure by far and he's oh yeah burger you'll just have to learn that. Yeah. He's well two of us are two of us are 30. He's a valentine. Yeah, it's cool strong through a hole. Party for an everything that's done Brewing. Yes. Yes. Oh and then there's Shadow. I'm going to be playing their March. Hey 13th hard. Yeah, so yes, let's make it to the listeners at home can hear it. Sounds like a floppy. It's a white people thing to read by fives for sure for sure. I hope not. Maybe I don't really like him. Yeah, good funny. He's not. Yeah series of fucking joke Stewart's anyway, I do like Enrique Iglesias though. So you guys are bad news. Yeah. I like him. I don't know you guys are so so back on track. We were when we practice leave the studio and we have this really cool like practice space in Downtown LA Elite rehearsal. Shout out to those guys to have not shout out Eddie, right? Eddie Eddie I think so. Yeah, there's this dope like weird industrial building in the shadows of Dodger Stadium where there was like a dude had a Subaru shop. There was another dude that was like a painter. There's no there's like what workers is to do that had literally like an array of like probably like 40 TV the wall of old-school TVs. Yeah. There was every time we went through is like what the fuck is going on here. Like they filmed an episode of I think Branch, it's Scandal dude Fringe. Don't even get me started on her. Episode of fetch 45 minutes. Oh my God, look at Bell. So all right. Get back on track and let's get this question first. All right, let's get this question. So at this time we weren't we were still at we were a band but we weren't fully Banks. We didn't have a drummer. So we're actively looking for drummers at this time. We were starting to take it. Seriously weird. This is what we're like, okay, we we rehearsal time. Yeah, we want to we're a serious band now, we need a drummer. Let's find a drummer and the idea was let's let's try out a couple different drummers my idea. Yeah. I was like, I want a fucking perfect course is your idea of a gun for hire type? Yes. I'm time drummer, right? That's what it started as yeah, but but you know, and this is a perfect representation of like the how Perfectly opposite Derek's personality is in mind because I don't know and Derek's like letting this simmer letting Jason simmer for like a couple of months and like really and as soon as as soon as we finally did like we ended up finally not it not trying anyone else out. We had Jason was expel. He's like, okay, but it was like when we had this all going on, it was works. Like I got five other bands man. I was I got death of Rhythm. I got fuck it. It swords. I got fucking racing snails. I guess it was an ego trip. I probably wasn't probably in the category of ego trip it would but it kind of was like I got what you were saying because I mean it dissolved in need like the first time that we had Jason overdose. That went really well. It was the greatest thing ever because I really really really well you were living with your nation thing. What did he think? Well coming into the practice. Yeah. You guys told me it was a like a try. I try it sure. Yeah, they tried a whole bunch but I didn't like I was really comfortable coming in playing and and just doing my thing and having fun. I had a lot of fun and I walked out of there and you guys if you guys want to take me I'd be like yeah cool, you know. If you didn't then cool to you know, he's like the songs are all right. He's like he's like he's also the coolest of us. Yeah. He's like I hit drums. I've been snare. Yeah. I heard Tom's I like it. Yeah. When you have a good interview, you know like yeah, they're really good. Looking good. Jonathan really good. Yeah, it's melted. Like I was like that was really cool. The drive is the drive home. I would just I had the biggest grin on my face cause he knew because all time I was like oh patient. I was looking at the drummer was like, I'm not gonna lie. That was really good. Give me grab. This is the obvious question John. Your brother is a fucking drunk. Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait wait, but that's a fact, you know you lie. Have you played with them before? Yes. Yeah any drummers better? It's all right. So that's how Jason join the band. All right, we're gonna tell Trader Joe's started his music it until Jason. All right, so we're playing our song off your guys's album. Wow, a Banga Banga Banga. We're get to later bring it to the about Java. Let's play this song will get to that question, but we'll play a song off your album over 1200 Banga Banga Banga well bunga. Hello, Bob. These are changed to are being be you right hand while banga. This is our know. He's real play. This song used to be called. Well Bunga. We instead decided to rename it and we name the record. So it was going to be the fucking album song. This song was called well Bunga and we decided when we created the actual album God's my idea legit artwork decided. It was like let's change it from a made-up name to an actual like yeah. Give it some Give it a fucking you know, the real name. So, you know, I say the word over prepared in that song one time. So yeah, so here is my favorite over-prepared you guys offer. Thank you Jessie by Trader Joe. Thank you for writing that which is the awesome. I'm trying but it's not working because I'm dying. It's just that I don't know how much longer I can take. This is he has to clean started making this never heard of it. I guess we're bringing it is met a logical sample. 34 cute outfits 40 pairs of shoes some of it.