What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got home, but the five was crazy today. So yeah, so I made it. Yeah, it was terrible, but I'm excited. Right now because I'm interested to see what you have to say that you're going to say shows but if you buy them from eBay, what do you do there? Um, honestly on eBay recently, I've only been doing like like like best offered by right now is like mostly Um, I mean, I I do do auctions a lot but like a lot of the times like especially like the soccer stuff that I'm buying in my opinion. I think everything is relatively cheap. So like I don't really feel like I need to wait for an auction to maybe try to get it lower or stuff like that, especially since soccer. There's still a good amount of product out there. So I just do best offers recently for me. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Because the other day I sent you the thing about protein card that I was trying to buy I did right probably. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I remember 29 which is like the super short print of Select and pro scene has sold this card three times over the past three months deep with the same PSA serial number so and I had been watching this car all week. I put in my bed. I was like cool so I was sitting around. I want to pay around 300 but I probably would have paid 324 it I sold some stuff because I was looking to buy it and literally the last second he kept it up five bucks and it was and then I realized I think it was I sent it to take with huh? And he was like, yeah that kurtzman sold because and also because the thing is with that card it's only sold like five times in the past like four months. So it's like three of the five solo things that from Trump's, you know, so pissed because like I don't know I was looking at in that car. I was super pumped by it and then and then I just got screwed there. So what I do now is I've been filtering by buy it now and best offer and then I'll do newly listed and like filtering that way kind of threw through some of that. I haven't really found any deals yet but like cards have popped up that I just put right on my watch list to see like what they sell for and stuff like that because I've been kind of interested doing it that instead of the options that you feel like I've been winning anything to auctions. Yeah, it also seems like Auctions especially the last week. We're like the whole markets gone crazy. Like you'd rather just do buy it now is because you just never know where the markets going to go and then options people just tend to like go crazy a little bit. That's what I've noticed like like from a really recent standpoint. It seems like everything's I mean up in general so like get doing best offers seems more realistic, I guess. Yeah, I mean I think Lucas up around 500 like Zions up around like 7:00. Yes, sir. Like I mean, I think it's I don't know what it I mean, I don't know it's crazy. I think people are getting pumped for the baseball season, but I also think like maybe the basketball season just coming to an end and it's like people are just getting ready for the baby. Oh, I think a lot has to do with it because the last week or so, I mean in general there's been so many people flooding the market just like new people. So I mean, it's just more demand for cards in general but He also asks are either of you old enough to remember the market falling apart in the 90s. I mean, like I wasn't I was I was born in 98 so no, but everybody that had to talk to say that it was just an overproduction. Everything was overproduced like even rookie cards and stuff like that. And that's why you see like 90s basketball like the real values and inserts because inserts were pretty rare. So that's why you see inserts right now being really expensive. Yeah, so no, I don't but like I'm not Stupid enough to just not get the knowledge about it because that you know what history teaches us a lot right? So I think there's a lot to learn from the 90s. As soon as goes up and stuff like that. That's just kind of where we're at. That's my opinion at least with with where History could repeat itself. But at the same time like the totally it's a tiara is so much different than it was back then especially because like you've talked about like overseas Sellers and like the fact that like everybody has now so it's like it's not like you're it's not like you're going to your local card shop to buy boxes like you. Yeah buy them online. Yeah hundred percent. Yeah, I mean, I think that I've said this so many times the market is just in the early early stages of even like taking off like it's not even it's like Prime yet. I mean, yeah, like when there's a recession. Yeah, like card values will go down all that sort of stuff. But I mean like if it were to happen like the 90s again, there would have to be a mass over production which I mean I think eventually like in the long run like yeah, it probably happened but I don't I don't think it's I think what people are it's tough to understand is how many people are coming into the market and and that's like the tough part to comprehend. But I mean just like the small sample size. We saw in the last week. I think we're going to be seeing a lot more of that coming and these people aren't these people aren't just going to be here for like, you know a month and then go like these are people that are going to be like highly invested in sports comes. Yeah. Yeah. Each of the days was it just kept going up days like are so that we had was like one of the but the episode from last Friday, which was last Wednesday, but then I was on Friday in the flick I so I track mine from like a 48-hour standpoint and then a one week and then a two week and the 40-hour standpoint was the quickest like any episode. I've seen like that's good. But that also meant probably also had something to do with it. But like for the Moment Like This lat We can spend a full insane. Yeah, I mean they're just a flood of people. Somebody asked let's see. Would you rather have a PSA 9 or the GS 9.5 and Luke and try I'd rather have the nine five and then try to cross it as a tent if the if the subs look good. I mean that's yeah. Itself and like I think one of the other questions we kind of move on to one of the other questions I sent you was about like if it would buy a PSA 9 and from Korea. I like I said, I forgot who I was talking to this about but there were saying like the investors will buy a PSA but the collectors will buy a PSA 9. It's like you're still getting the card and decent enough condition if you're getting a 9. Yeah. But like I'm the tenon's are gonna hold the most valued long-term and in the if you are if the card is both 20 2010, maybe I would say they're like the PSA 10 is going to be the way to go. But anything like vintage stuff any great Andy Gray is good. Yeah like me. How's that been going? It's good. I mean, I'm not buying a lot of ten stuff because it's just really expensive but I'm buying sevens eights nines. That's what I'm tending trying to buy but in terms of like PSA Nines in general, I I actually had like my last podcast the one that I had this morning. I literally talked about how PSA nines right now are super undervalued especially for Trey and Luca on all the stuff. We've seen blow up this week because everybody who's coming in they just know base PSA 10 And nines have literally stayed the same price as before like the last week boom. So those prices are going to those prices are going to rise. It's just a matter of time. Yeah, so I do think nines our goodbyes right now red, white and blue stuff greens, like pink ice all those because they haven't really taken off yet like the bases have because everybody that's new to the Hobby. They just know based PSA 10, and once they figure out all the other stuff that comes with it and that oh red white and blues actually, you know more pristine, but it's selling for less than a base. That is It makes sense. Right? All those prices are going to go up right? Still feel like so I haven't looked into the pop of Courts at all. But based on of like the gem rate of the Lucas like there's gotta be less PS nines, right? Yeah. There's probably like ten significantly less amount. So like it's and it's not even like just weird thing is like, I feel like the difference between a PSA 9 a PSA 10 is like not even that significant though. Like if like you were saying, I think even those PSA nines will go up in value because like first of all, there's just less Them and also this is something that I've been kind of talked about recently is like the prices of some of these like prism cards have gotten so crazy that like collectors are going to try and figure out a way to buy other car because they just can't buy the PSA 10x too expensive if they're like casual collector coming in like I don't suggest fine. Like if you have the money sure go ahead and spend it but like unless you're buying like a Luca or a tray and it's a PSA 10 prism like spending. Three $400 on a card if you're just starting out is I don't suggest doing that. But like if you're buying those specific cards like those are cases where those option I think yeah, I agree. Yeah, like if you're buying tray Luca all that sort of stuff. I mean, I think that's a good I think putting you know decent amount of money into one of those cards is a really good option. I do think and you've talked about this before to like we're going to see an uptake and prices in like lower tier and stuff like Optics and I'll status select just because people are going to get priced out of prism and that's when we're going to see people, you know, tend towards the lower tier and stuff in those prices start to rise as well, right? Um, so Mike had a question if you wanted to invest $1,000 right now with the goals of in 12 months, what would you buy so I'll let you help, you know, the thousand dollars is not something that I'm spending right now. I think that's probably or more on your end of something that you would be spending. What would you like? What would you buy? Um, I mean, there's like a lot of things it's crazy to think that like there's a lot of options but there actually is I would buy the I'll give you a couple killing on the Bop a World Cup stuff. I still think it's going to continue to grow at a rapid rate. I think messy rookies. They're still PSA 10 stuff around $300. If you look at the mega crack stuff. Yeah, and then Jaden Sancho tops Chrome. I think that's your goodbyes. And I think those you're going to see break price jumps in any young soccer start especially and then within the next year, I would buy again Howard by Luca or tray honestly and the biggest one. I would buy a by Kevin out by Kevin Kevin Durant tops Chrome rookie card. That's the correct around 800 900 bucks. I bet you that's like at least a 2K card come around next year. So I mean I mean, I just gave I just feel like four or five options for you. So stuff like that because it feels like what I did over the summer when I was buying stuff in the Wanita $30 range. Yeah. There's so many options that I just don't even know like what to even go with like whooping trying to find stuff. That's under How you so that way I can surmise profit but it also feels like why not just like by the shirts die of thing almost. Yeah. Well, I remember the summer we were we were so I think over the Summers interesting because we were so I guess like really intrigued with Shaq prices and then the Hall of Fame stuff and it's funny now, we're seeing all those prices go up on that sort of stuff like Shaq's or like Summer when those like the kg Tim Duncan cards still go up. Once they are going into all things. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, I think that was like this sort of stuff like we were buying over the summer, but I think I think those are also like some of the safest Investments if you will because you're not really, you know, betting on a player being good you're already like you're already you're buying somebody who's already established and already had like a great career. Which I mean again at the end of the day is safer. Yeah, yeah. do some what are we going to go into the Hall of Fame and six months like and I mean whether whether those cutting those cards are going to go up it's like not even even kids at this point. It's not even like a like I think over the summer. We were like will the cards go up and drink it clear, but they already For the rest of until until they go in I take their you're probably going to continue even those Shacks like the tops ones. We were buying those. I think we have like 20 or 30 dollars is like a hundred forty now. Yeah, and then I think the next one that's going to jump is the flower one we bought because that has a lower pop and I think that's just a secret. Actually, those are two of the ones I sold two of the ones that I've sold. Like. I saw I bought I bought two. He said I sold both home for 175 total. That's good. Yeah, I still have all six of mine because I was going to buy the Luke the Luca card. I mean I guess now it's not so bad as I felt the money spent but now I'm really like I'm trying to figure out how to turn the three into like seven or eight basically, which I think I don't know exactly what I'm gonna do yet and I'm not sure if I want to buy like one card. I want to buy like four or five and see what happens but I think so on the podcast I have this morning. I kind of went over like two ways that I think you could buy cards are like to either buy a lot of a certain player or by multiple players. So like for you would you rather we thereby like Luca and by like select and optic and prism or would you rather buy like Luca tray Shake? Yo Chris Alexander like off like some of those 18 rookies her like would you rather by one player and by like a bunch like would you rather go? Diebold radical why that's a good question. I mean it honestly just depends like I really like Luca and I think Luke is going just keep on going up. So like if I wanted to play it safe, I would just by Luca or perspire like Trey but like over the summer when I was buying Lawns. Oh like that paid off like an I was a kind of a bet and I was buying Shea and that was a bit. You know what I mean? Like so just depends on like where you're at, I guess like for soccer. I really like, you know, Buying Sancho and Le Bobby and I'll buy I won't buy those cards created. I'll just buy like a ton of them raw and then send them in like that's how I go about soccer. So it depends on like every I guess every situation if you will ya. Yeah, that makes sense. So one of the other questions was kind of similar and talking about so like one of the somebody asked the question like as the prices continue to go up. Like are you are you still at the player and the question was kind of about like affordability which is sort of what we touched on. But like are you buying are you still buying like the Luca prism or before like potentially a different look of card or like would you think maybe a different player or like yeah. You navigating this increase in if you're still buying. Yeah, you were still buying. Yeah. Well, first of all Coleman card said to go wide and Coleman is literally killing the game. He's these literally just doing cars 24/7. I just want to point that out. Yeah. Yeah, so he's a he's a dope dude for the hobby. But um, I would I think there's still a great honestly like you can go to a show or whatever get Luca like a decently underpriced. I said this so many times and just flip it like right away, you know what I mean? Like so there's still like if you I think Luca base gets attends are 500 or 550. I bet you if you go to show you could probably get it around for 75 if you were like had cash right away around. And you can flip it like literally like that night put on wherever and sell it. So I think there's still like you're still going to have short-term like rooms to make money off of the big cards, especially if you're going to show it shows them that sort of stuff. But again, I do think that because bases are so expensive right now. You should be looking at like the parallels and the lower tier and stuff as well. Like great like Luca Luca is green base because attends the same or not base, but Greenpeace attends the same price. This is base. Why don't you just go buy a green wait a month and I'm telling you that things going to pop but you know what, I mean like and that's literally what I did like this weekend. Like I bought a green because I was like shit this is gonna go up, you know what I mean? So like there's there's always opportunities red white and blues are actually again I said this before we're doing was actually a hundred bucks cheaper than base. Like how does that make sense? You know what I mean? So you go look and see like where where is your opportunity to make a little bit money while So having a cool card. something like just thought so you had any inserts being realistic Ali the ones that are denied that's why a lot of 90s collectors are buying inserts. Like do you think that that could happen in this era where like maybe 10 20 30 years from now we're looking at I don't think Well, from what I have what from what I've been told 90s inserts their limited their limited, you know, there weren't overproduced. So I think that the like Luke and Tracy stuff that we have right now or like the same production rate. So I don't think there's anything like really, you know pristine about him. So no, I just think from what I know like, I don't know 90s inserts whatsoever. Don't buy it because I just don't know the market and I'm not even going to try it. I'm still learning but what I do know is that that's like where the bread-and-butter really is. Because of how limited the cards are. Yeah. It's like this is one of the things that I think we were kind of struggling with looking at the 90s cards or at least I was I was like, what's the card to buy which could then I came up with a theory about the the Branded stuff and like being the brand that I would want to look into if I were a new collector and that's kind of where I started question having questions for people about these 90s cards. Like why are the rookie cards cheaper? It feels like and the answer that I got was because the the answer Realistically what people wanted back then and that's why there's just that's why they're the ones that are more expensive than kind of some of the regular regulation rookies that you're seeing. Yeah. Yeah. I mean like especially the over the summer and I was like a completely new market that we were trying to learn. So but at the same time like I remember like I like especially when we were looking at the pop reports some of the prices were just too low like it. Didn't make sense. Yeah, but but at that time, I've got time like it was I think at the time like even the market today is like crazy. So like I guess we don't have like that that support to bounce back like it was just like basically you and me like bouncing ideas off of each other which was in like months like yeah, exactly. So it's at that point time. It's like you're taking a risk like but when we're really when in reality when we're down sitting back like the the ideas each other it really made sense. So, I mean we went with you know, we went with our Theory and it paid off but at that time like, you know, like there's nobody really like buying these cards, so it's kind of scary at the same time. like I felt like binds it was like 20 bucks at the time to me was like I was willing to spend the $20 on something because I was like what if it's $20 all either by it and it goes up or like I'll just I'll do whatever which like like at the time $20 because like it's even like if your soap and I guess this is maybe we'll get into a different kind of question here like if you are buying or your Targeting players or you're starting out as a collector. Like what would you say is a good base bag for what would you say is a good Baseline for a collector to really start like if they wanted to because and if you want to by Luca 500, but like so if you wanted to buy something else like what would you say like $5 $20 $100 like what? What is your what's your suggestion? I mean, first of all just depends on how much they have in the bank like in reality. And then it would be and then the second question I'd probably ask them is what sport are you like most knowledgeable in so I thought I'd assume it's basketball and like and then I'll go like how old is the guy like, what do they know right if they're like if they like the 90s then do research on 90s inserts and find something really cool that you like to have in your hand. Right? But like if you're just like, you know 16 around 16 years old or whatever like a lot of people are coming into the market. I We do think you can literally go from week to week buying Lucas and trays and make a good amount of money every week buying and selling them. Yeah, I mean I'm obviously kicking myself for not now at this point is so crazy to like think back to the summer when these cars were 50 to 60 years like that doesn't even grow up. It was like six months ago. These cars were like 50 bucks and like well, I'm not going to say I'm not gonna say I told you so but I was the one that was like, I don't know dude the puppet for it doesn't matter. Matter, I don't know. No, oh man, those are the days and eventually like I don't know if it's going to be playoff time when they knock out a guy in the first gen tour next year. It will probably get to a grand if John is is that if John is at 2200 right now Luca can get to a grand easy and I'm sitting here to my left with like 38 of these base pairs attends found in for like 60 bucks. Oh my God, I can't even imagine that man like but see it over the summer over the summer, right? It was like people didn't view those cards as was right now, right like people thought literally my friends. I was tell him dude by Luca facepiece. I said like I was literally like preaching to them and what do they do? They didn't buy one right? But now that it's like 500 they're like, oh, I wish I should what about was, you know what I mean, so, So yeah, I mean it's like at that time a lot of people, you know, it was a different it was a different. I don't know it was a different time people weren't thinking right. But like when you really did the real like when you really like looked at it, it was like dude. These are like steals especially because Jana said the time is that like what like 600 500 it was yeah. It was like six. Carbs actually why I was buying the MBA base over the summer because I was looking at the honest car and I was like, there's so many there's so much less of this card like and yanis and Bobby are both like International Stars. So I felt like I just I don't know what that's why that's why when I bought the silvers because I bought a silver for 75 bucks a PSA 10 silver for 75 bucks. And now it's like I don't know when though, I don't know if anybody has any family 200 or something like that. $700 card easy. I do about a PSA 10. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah soccer just like I have 10% of the total PSA tenths which is so crazy. I keep saying this soccer is like the easiest W of all time like that whole Market is dark Chi if you think my ba pay is high right now come back in a year. It's like little like it like Target's it's going to be like a five to six hundred dollar base rookie card. Probably remember when the world cup bras like four to five dollars now, they're like going I saw a couple go 450 like three of them from calm see I bought nine dollars. I said the guy nine dollar offer accepted and I was like, wow, I can't believe that now they're like what 40 to 50 bucks for a rock exactly. I'm in I got all my MBA, please finally back from grading which is dope, but I'm literally like I got him for four bucks created it for 12. I mean each piece of 10 for like 16 books and like Roz go for 50. So it's like the market is super young and even at 50 and with the amount that This others the Euros turning. Yeah World Cup. like that That's what like, I don't know. She said to see like what happens like I'm interested to see if his prices go down at all. When if Dortmund knocks him out of the Champions League because like they won the first game. So all Dortmund has to do is they could tie or even lose one nothing. Wait. No, actually, I'm not exactly sure if they can lose but they won that because I know a way goals count more. So I think they actually they have to In or tie and then they go to the next round. Yeah, he does. Yes PSG. Which I mean, I think those are the two that he's probably most likely to go to like from what I've seen like he I sent you that video on tick him playing back. Yeah, so I think Liverpool Liverpool is part of LeBrons of part owner of Liverpool. No, it would make sense for him to go there and if that happens, I think like Liverpool like they were fighting for the the Invincible season, which is like undefeated and European soccer. But then he lost to somebody over the weekend and then the loss to Chelsea this of this for other day. So I don't know I mean, but if they get them bop, it would be absolutely insane. Like they're just gonna be able to take it. I mean like my Bop is like probably the best player in Right now like or one of the best and he's only he's only 20 morning. So like it just seems like it's not rocket science to buy his cars right now. Yeah, so might also have another question here. He said what's a sixty to a hundred card by now that that's a that's basically a goodbye. So that's actually exactly what I'm trying to figure out. I would say any like if you can find Any of the rookies from last year for baseball? I think those are going to be some good buys but that I mean it's for basketball stuff like you like if you can find the Luca card for sixty to a hundred like for to that 2018 I'd say that's probably a pretty good big a deal or like a tray young card. Like I think some of the trade guns, I don't know what optic but I think like you could probably find a select tray young for a hundred I bet and then they look at to like selective. Without it looking into a lot. I think it could start closing the Gap a little bit on Prison. Yeah, Coleman brought up a good point to Lukens. I'll draw if you want to go the route. Yeah. I know like I mean, especially if you're new like it's a little bit of a gamble if you want to grade it because you have to you know, figure out a couple things with the corners and the surface all that sort of stuff. But yeah, like Luke arroz, we're going to go up to just like the PSA nines like we mentioned earlier how PSA Niger undervalued right now because the boom of the tens so the broth The same thing those are undervalued again for me. I'm still Zach right now Zion like it's if I was telling you by his own I would say like for a short-term flip, I would rather hold onto Luca longer than Zion, but Roz. Because the value card is around that seven or $800 range. So like most of the time most graters will you get charged more for grading that car? So I mean it's real it's only going to be going from like ten to Fifteen to twenty dollars maybe but still like if you're buying that Zion make sure that you realize that you're going to be spending a little bit more degraded and I mean, I don't know. I'm not sure what the I've seen I've looked into the PS 8 9 prices for Zion but Is that would be interesting if you send that in and it goes for 200, but I haven't even looked at that. You looked at that at all dude. Honestly, like I'm not looking as Island right now like just because the mark like, I don't know I'd rather just by Luca that's just my like personal thing. But like I know people who made a ton of money off of Zion, but most of the people that I talk to you, they're there they have the same mindset of like it's short term. They're not like holding it like they're flipping. That's the most people I talk to you. But again like he has Nothing, but great things in his every single game is played in it's just like a lot of it. He reminds me of Blake Griffin. Like he's dialing. Yeah, you just like like Blake Griffin. When will he was injured his first year but a second year like he was box office like exactly like Zion use literally box office and his cards. Yeah, literally and I think that's like the same way Zion is I mean, it looks like Zion has a better outside shot than Blake Griffin did his Islands a little bit, you know more explosive in a way in Little bit like more physical and I think the Pelicans definitely have a better team like but pelicans have a solid team like lingerie ball hit like nine ball hit like seven threes last game you like if you think lingerie ball can't shoot anymore, like can't shoot like you're terribly wrong like that the whole week and Pulp was like and Brandon Ingram's and All-Star and Jrue Holiday is a an All-Star caliber player like this. Pelicans league if I yeah, I'd say he's like good. And like I don't know. No, I kinda like it. Yeah, it's price will ever go up but like it feels like he's like a he's like a one of the best like six men / borderline starters in the league dude, if they can get into the playoffs xylem price is going to go crazy. Oh, yeah. Have you seen that video of the person doing the Scion impression? Yeah, how he walks and shit? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Walks in like he just like picks the guy. A out of this office because funny did you see these these Palais cards that I picked up just like random stickers bro. I was at my local shop and he like I was looking through and he was like, what's that in the back? It'll just Pele like stickers. She's like, yeah, dude. This guy brought him in like I haven't found anything on eBay these and I was like what the hell like I just looking at him and I saw once and 1970s. So I was like, oh my God, like vintage soccer like and But then like I mean, we didn't know what price one knows that so I was like yo like how much you like? I don't want to be like 3 Grand I would be like, oh no like but like the came to a price and I was like might as well and I picked them up and I'm kind of going for him. My plan is to send them to SGC. Yeah, I think she did. I mean they're not in great condition, but they're like vintage basically Pele cards. I mean, I hope they're real because it looks like they're real but um, yeah, these are crazy finds. I think I feel The type of if you could find that like the national or like like at your card shop like I don't like what are your do you have any like strategies when your card shop to find stuff like that or is that just like something that kind of just came across your radar because it just got like right place right time. Well, so I have to card shops close to me once one doesn't really do any like dealing they're just like the prices the price which kind of sucks and so there I look they don't like rechecked their cards basically like they literally just have one price and it's usually overpriced when they put it out. But if you're checking the market you can actually find deals because they don't like check they don't reject or card prices. So I basically like go to the basketball section and I'll just look through like for like 10 minutes straight and I like some stuff can pop out to me and then I'll pick it up and I'll buy it but then at this card shop, which is card Pavilion if you're anywhere close to Santa Ana in, Southern, California. Is it it's like here's the dope is the owner's name is Nelson. He's the dopest owner every and he like it's a small little shop, but it's like a great environment. And yeah, like I went in there and I literally I picked up this Luca PSA 9 for a hundred bucks because I was like nice going to go up and then I literally just saw that in the back corner and I was like, it was just random that I was like hell, yeah, I'll buy it. So like I mean, yeah, just right place. Excited to see how that comes back and like what it I'm excited to see what it actually is. So you'll send it in and I'm selling now till SGC will have to know what it is. Like they somehow they'll figure it out. Yeah. I mean, I want to like look a little bit more like research and see but again like this 9 I got for a hundred bucks. I think we're going for 240 already on eBay and then like, I mean that basically just cut my costs on the soccer Kurtz's pretty cool. Definitely. So 8 this one lab said Mookie Betts top scroll Marcy's are like 70 so that I is definitely a good buy because so I think that's is probably I know you don't do a lot of baseball. But so I think that's probably the best cards that is and I think the regular our seas are around 120 130, which I still think is a decent price like is he's won an MVP and he's probably going to be the next player that signs like a 300 million dollar. Contract so like the I mean the top scope.c 470, I think that's a good deal. I've also seen some tops Chrome baseball. I don't have talked about like closing the gaps a little bit and I talked about on my podcast a little bit more like I seen that happening in some areas like in baseball like top Chrome has gotten like a lot more popular recently like the Bellinger's 2017 or actually almost the same price for the regular tops and the top of Chrome. Which is kind of interesting and then Mike so I'm just going to switch gears. Just want to answer that question. Really. So Mike It said Bob Hayes bra buy in bulk. Like I think is that you can reference because he was the one that had the question about the sixty to a hundred dollar card. So I mean if you can find any MBA pay. I'd say it's a good bike even even though they've gone up in price left. I'd say any of them are good any Merc advise? yeah, and we've been hot we've been talking about that and well, I think we've every single show because it's such a no-brainer like that. Realistic exactly. The other look for is tops Chrome stuff to I've been picking up those two. From Hobby boxes go up to ice. Someone was saying that there was two on eBay that for like 90 and over the summer. There were like 50 or something like that. Yeah. I mean that makes sense because like if you pull anything numbered the Bop a out of that that's just like crazy already. Yeah, so we'll go with like a red beard. I forget the exact name, but he was saying that he bought a couple cases of this year's house prominent. Like I think he said like fifty dollars a box and he was saying like if you pull like one Hollande in there and you get that grid that basically pays for the whole entire box. Imagine there's got to be at least one in each box maybe but because it's only 90 cards on the check list, but he did do the tops come come out what the tops come come out for soccer. No, so so there's two different ones that are coming out. So there's tops Champions League which comes out in April and that is going to have like a plastic card in it so that I think that plus a card will be a good one to buy over and over his Panini BPL card because he's actually like playing where is EPL card is kept holding his jersey. So I don't really like like that card specifically and there so that means there's going to be Premier League teams in that. Champions League set but then there's also top testing to the Bundesliga, which is the German Ali that Hollande place in and for Dortmund and then so much the same Sancho will also be in that but it won't be as rookie. But I think there's a chance that autographs on that set. Yeah. I'm excited. I'm excited be excited to pick up some Holland stuff. The 2019 design like the 2019 tops design. So I think they may have there's a potential they may have put setback because I think it was supposed to come out in February because I remember I was looking at it and I think they changed the date of the release. Honestly think it could have been because of to get Hollande in there. And I mean that makes perfect sense. Like he's basically the Chase car for everybody and and if oops And if he's on Chrome like I mean that kind of sucks that he would be another stuff potentially but like top Chrome is that's how that product is going to sell us and then that product basically yeah, I'm definitely going to buy Holland. We got his like he's looks really good. Yeah. I mean it's so it's so about but like in December, I literally just had a podcast where I was talking about guys you be focusing on that could switch teams that are playing for smaller teams, and I only brought up one player and he was the one player so gonna give myself a little bit. It was one of those times where like because over the summer when I was doing was I was just going to like Bleacher Report and like other random things and like finding random players and looking up their cards and like I think there was oh, yeah, I think it might have been that he got Hatcher again the Champions League game or something. So I like looked into his cards morning didn't have any so I was like looking at him and I don't know. I mean, I guess he's been pretty good. Yeah. I mean like I think you told me about it, but then I like saw some of his highlights and I was like, oh my God God so he looks like it's good basketball cards for Life said bro. Sancho basis $20 plus now, I literally I literally this is this is Aidan and he I told him to buy the soccer. I was like, you know soccer is like by soccer. That is like, what do I Do by and I told him by Sancho tops Chrome. I think he got it for like seven dollars a base card around there any but like a couple last week and I think so now, $20 plus which is dope now, you know how the soccer Market works. Yeah. Because like over the summer I bought like a lot of ten forty bucks like in that was the only Sancho that I bought and like I mean now it's like crazy. Yeah. I think I have like I said, I still don't know if I want to SGC or PSA. Oh because I have like 75, but I don't know like what I want to do for us. she see that I hope they get up soon as their database to see like their pop reports because like I don't know. That's the thing that I've kept me from like really going all in on SGC is that I don't know how much there is of that stuff. So like I don't know it won't it doesn't drive me. I haven't really I don't know. I haven't looked into buying anybody it almost feels like I wish I would buy more because the price about that one and Bob a car that was like the Futura unique or whatever from SCC is SEC 10, but like that then there's no way to check how many of those are ya. Um, yeah, it's true. I mean, I think as you see is going to be a big player. It's just like I don't want to sub with SGC like a sancho car to get like a nine and I'm like screw. Yeah, that's like the only thing yeah, I'm just hoping that the same price as like oh, yeah first came out and I don't know. I'm just not sure. I don't know who else is in that product then seems weird that like because like so feel it's with the I think the thing with him was that he was the youngest I'm expensive transfer in the league like I think so he plays for Athletico, which is in Spain. I think so like he was the youngest most expensive transfer in Soccer history or something like that, I think so. That's why everyone was like loving him last year, even though he hadn't really he had not done Hollande has done. So I'm just hoping that you don't see his Cards start out at $15 because like those tops packs. They were giving out for free at the industry Summit have you looked into those? I saw like the picture that you sent me of them. There's nothing like that so they were getting Those are free and they're selling for over a hundred dollars on eBay. So like that's what's making me a little bit nervous with the like the what the tops Chrome price is going to be because I don't know like these packs. I were four people are selling for $100. Now we'll Felix is like trash bro, like everybody who kept telling me he was going to be good and I was like, I don't know like so I didn't buy any of his because I was like, dude, what is this dude doing and he's been literally trash. Yeah, you've been yes. I can nice isn't nice look girlfriend though. It's a you that much. Because of that he's like sit for first of all, he's a 16 year old with like a couple million dollars. Like I don't know what people really expect like it's not like it's key. He's a like people expected. He met him a couple million dollars like which I mean Euros but like still like surely expect. There's always like he could I hope he doesn't bust but like he could make Chemical us I guess. Yeah, I mean, I'm just I'm cool now. It's not buying him for right now until I see him now because because like they're cheaper now I guess but I don't know I appreciated Dan. I appreciate it, bro. Thank you. Welcome and everybody so I think we're cutting a Close to the time limit here. I think we maybe should edit just so that way we don't get kicked because then the video doesn't save because that's happened to me in the past and super annoying. So I think we can just end up there. Yeah, cool. So everybody thanks for thanks for coming in. My mom. Are you going to be uploading this on to your podcast as well? Um, maybe we'll see, okay. I think I have an episode ready to go tomorrow that I already recorded. So Saturday is probably one day episode if to me coming out, so everybody be on the lookout for that episode. If you want to re-listen to this if you're or if you want to listen watch this watch the show or be up, but if you point you've already watched it so already see you guys. Yeah, I'll say it.