Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You need to go and check it. It's a prophetic word. Get ready for the shower of rain that will wipe away every fear of the unknown. Remember fear is a more deceptive. Enemy than Satan. Fear is a more deceptive enemy than maybe let me say this way fear is the new Lion in town. If you know what I'm talking about. What am I talking about? a simple cough I don't I feel like sneezing now, but I'm afraid. I don't want you to go out quarantine me. Or disappear before you know it people start running out of the window. Fear is the new Lion in town. A simple car has been tagged and affliction. In a sober reflective mood. Let us remember the prophetic message that my father in the Lord property be Joshua gave to us last year. He said that's that's last year. Would be a fearful year. When I'm talking about a case, whereby maybe there's no food on the table or money in the pockets. You can see the reality of what he said the reality of the prophecy he gave. Everyone is afraid. People are not leaving their homes anymore. a very fearful year But you know, he said that that's fearful year will end much, you know, God Almighty reveals to redeem. He said it will end in much. What month are we now what month before we go to the message? It's very important for us to listen to that prophecy once again. As you listen be in a reflective mood. Listen carefully to the words of our father in the Lord as he gave this prophecy to us. last year God is still saying something prophecy prophecy prophecy when God Seven speaks forth the wise listen, they tryna me 18 plus 22 God is still saying something. Prophet TB Joshua spent the beginning of the year at The Prayer Mountain. Let us listen to what he said about this year 2019. I'm here. Don't know the mind of God. Once I need this fearful year 2019 very very fearful. And he had to know the mind of God consigning this fearful year and also to pray for you and the World At Large. That is why I'm here. Prophecy for 2020 Prophet TB Joshua. Remember last year what? God said through us that this year is very very very fearful. That was the last year and it was just a summary was I was telling you people but I was not given you people the detail what you are able to say that indeed the last year was very very War. I know that that's the iced tea it will end a man much. by God unstable We are working with God's timetable. so every Fair should be wiped away from our hearts. This reflects on the message I have today. most times in our lives because of fear fear of sickness fear of death fear of insecurity when we pray we expect God to Super naturally Crown all our prayers with all his glory and success that will make us the center of our world. But when this doesn't happen. We become unhappy with ourselves forget him, but God is love. And if we do not do all things through love. We go nowhere with him. Because Faith Works by love. You see fake is a thing of the heart. So whatever your heart is telling you right now. That is what you are. in this season of fear Whatever your heart is telling you as a Christian. That is what you are. People may colors Christians because that is what we confess. But only God knows the heart of every man, whatever you feel you are enjoying right now. Ask yourself this question. Do I have peace of heart second question. How long will all I am enjoin'd last? You see the piece of heart. Is the Peace of conscience? It is our inheritance from the Lord. And we obtained this piece of conscience by walking with the Lord. When we walk with the Lord, it will produce internal Joy Assurance of Life. He's of heart and security of God's presence. In this fearful times. Thank God for the prophetic message. my father in the Lord as a Christian peace of conscience we'll rescue you. You must walk with the Lord and when you walk with the Lord, whatever your heart is telling you in this season. That is what you are. Are you a Christian controlled by fear? When the Bible says that the Peace of conscience we derive from walking with the Lord which we inherit from him produces internal Joy Assurance of life is of heart. Most importantly security of God's presence. therefore means that the level of Peace you have will determine the level of your success. Will determine the level of your blessing? Ask yourself. Am I living with piece of heart am I living with peace of conscience? If you are not living with peace of conscience. It is time to begin to look into your love walk. It is time to look deeply into your love walk. Which will bring me to the message today? Look into your love walk. Tell somebody look. Into your love walk look into your love walk. Let's take our proof text from The Book of Matthew. 18 verse 7 Actually, we have to proof texts first proof. Text Matthew 18 verse seven second proof. Text Romans 14 verse 20 Matthew 18 verse 7 and it says woe to the world because of the things that cause people to sin. Such things must come but woe to the man through whom they come. Let's look at Romans. 14 from verse 20, but we can start from 19. I think it's more explanatory. It says let us therefore make every effort to do what leads to peace. and to Mutual edification do not destroy the work of God for the sake of food. All food is clean, but it is wrong for a man to eat anything that calls this someone else to stumble. Father 21. It says it is better not to eat meat or drink wine or to do anything else that will cause your brother to fall. Those are powerful words. Do you agree with me? But they are powerful words. For the sake of food, do not destroy the work of God and do not do what will cause another person to sin or to stumble. Do you know that many of us we have suppressed our faith by failing to walk in love? My father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua says that help is the best investment. I'm that by adopting a lifestyle that is on purpose you provide an opportunity to enrich others leaving your imprint in a positive way. This means that positive examples are tremendous motivators for success. Just as negative examples are motivators for failure. How many of us in life encountered? Can I call it a good samaritan? a god-sent person at a crucial moment in your life. How many of us a lot of us I believe have encountered a god-sent person a good Samaritan at a crucial Moment In Our Lives who was willing to share his love time effort Talent experience knowledge and all the Lord had given him or her. Just to build you. So that you could grow the person could be your neighbor. It could be your pastor your employer your teacher your parents either your mom or your dad. It may have been a one-on-one tutoring. It may have been a once-off tutoring. It may have been a regula tutoring but the bonus was Ask me what was the bonus? I can't hear you. again The bonus was you never paid for those services. but my question now is How oh why did that relationship end reflect back in your life? people who have been the Good Samaritan in your life that came at the crucial moment when you needed that help so clearly so severely They came at that time in your life. They shed their talent experience knowledge. Everything they had just to build you. What happened to that relationship? Did they share all that love with you? only to be repaid with hate they made you who you are today. but now you see them as nothing they exhibited or showcase your beauty so the world but now all you do is exhibit their ugliness. They shared everything they had with you at your Demand with a smile. but now you frown at their slightest request. What happened to those relationships? How and why did it end? This is why the world is the way it is. And we are the way we are. I want to show you an example of what I'm saying. This is the earth and its rotating. Am I right? It's doing what? I can't hear you. The Earth is rotating. This is why we are the way we are and the world is the way it is my question remains. Can we say because the world is rotating evolving changing. That is why we are also rotated. evolving changing as the world rotates. We also rotate. Maybe ignorantly but we do rotates. I'll tell you why and how I discovered that you may say. Oh, but the Earth is moving. I don't rotate by I walk normally I live normally. Yes, we do rotate every stage of a lie is a rotation. If I ask you how many of you can identify? How your primary school teacher looks like? You will you will not remember anything? at every stage of Our Lives everything becomes a backlog. How many of you can remember? your best friend in Nursery School How many nobody? If your teacher walks past you on the street. You will not remember him or her. But that person will remember you because he or she has planted a blessing into your life. Where are all our first experiences of life? Where are they? That your best friend in Nursery School your favorite High School teacher. Your first business partner that you started together with. Oh the family that trained you. Brought you out. From the Miry clay and trained you and you became what you are today where they ask yourself this question. If you ask many influential people today, they will tell you. That their first ladies are not necessarily their first wives. I mean today we are always eager to discover new friends. We want to make new business partners. New relationships new neighbors everything new new new the word newness just affects everything about us. It's not a crime to have new things. But where are the ones we made earlier in life? Why is that relationship not being maintained today many people find reasons to hate they find reasons to lie. They find reasons to be in sensei. Because people are out there to encourage them to do so. But hardly hardly will you find anyone? That will encourage you to love. That will encourage you to be sensei. That will encourage you to be truthful to be honest. We are getting to the stage of decadence people of God. I mean on social media today. You see that anybody can merge two pictures together and claim another man's property. Claim another man's car. Claim another man's wife even claim Another Man's family. By merging pictures. This is technology. And the spontaneous thing is people will believe it without verifying the truth. Do you agree with me? We forget the times when we had a photo album and we paste it to remember all the special memories of our lives. But today anybody can paste another person's picture another person's family and claim it is theirs and people will begin to commit suicide will begin to get depressed because of what they see. Many used today are killing stealing and Destroy because they want to meet up with that Trend that life of Make-Believe many other youths are depressed and suicidal because they feel their parents are not meeting up or matching up to standard of what they see. Originality has disappeared man-made things are now being more overemphasized compared to the things of God. People of God, where are we going? Ask yourself? Where are we going? where we going Prophet TB Joshua says that sincerity is one of the greatest tools that will help you and I achieve good success not just success anybody can achieve success but good success the one that comes from Christ. While pretense is the disease that is holding many down today. Let's do this. Eric Lee is one of the greatest tools that will help you and I achieve good success in one of my father in The Last Visit to the elderly people. He came back to explain the story to us. He said he discovered that most of those elderly people that have been abandoned by their families. Without love and care for one reason or the other he discovered that most of them were related to some very influential people in society and to make matters worse. People are now pushing to classify aging as a disease and you imagine. Claiming that it will facilitate their Healthcare needs. Claiming that it will help them to be able to get good medical care if aging is classified as a disease. if this happens It will not only enhance the negative image the more it will affect their moral status in society today. And it will then cause many families to abandon them the more. By creating the forum for the needy for the elderly for the less privileged The Widow's the orphans. Prophet TB Joshua has not stopped soliciting that the elderly need to be careful because it is not a crime to be old. It is the grace of God that we need to see given so the poor so the widows they often the less privileged as an assignment from God. Though the love and care you showed to them and not enough to bring you and I to Salvation. Yes, but they formed the basis of judging your level. Now the basis of judging our level begins from our heart. Because the heart is the great thing the Lord looks at and requires the heart makes up the content of a man's character man may do much. Bye Aunt waad restraint. But still lack the character of God in his resolution. This is why many of us we are very hard-working. We are very devoted very dedicated. Whatever we want to do. We are focused on that. But we cannot give account. of what we achieve that is outward restraint. You see a country to Country helping each other to face their challenges and in the process. They also are challenged. because of outward restraints We may do much by outward restraint but lack the character of God in our resolution in second Samuel 15. Absalom David Son believed he could use his friendliness. his charm his concern for justice As political strategies so win the hearts of the Israelites and overthrow his father David. The Bible says he would seats at the city Gates where all the international visitors the foreigners were coming to the city and he will listen to the complain of the people listened to their concern and the people began to look at him and say, oh, maybe this is our King. Maybe we should ask his father to step down so that he can take over. He was doing all that by outward restraint anxiety about tomorrow. I mean being anxious about tomorrow is the cause of killing stealing and destruction anxiety about tomorrow is also one of the factors that cause imitation imitation has caused many to begin to run a race. Cannot finish with their destiny. They forget that there's no competition in Destiny when I say running a race, they cannot finish mr. A is the lawyer. Mr. A is the doctor mr. A is the contractor mr. A is the pasta. But there is nothing he can achieve among everything they continue to run a race. They cannot finish with their destiny. Imitation has caused many men of God people in the Kingdom Business to begin to seek shortcuts to spiritual maturity imitation has caused many to begin to use the tools of guesswork and Imagination as claims that they can hear from God. When I say guess work. an imagination they have the belief that they can hear God with their ears and not their heart. They can stand and do this. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes Lord. Yes, Lord. I can hear you. Lord. I can't hear you Lord. Speak Lord Speak Lord your servant listening Oh Lord, thou God Of Heaven on Earth. I can hear you. I can hear you. You said what? Oh, yes Lord. Yes Lord. God does not speak to our ears. He speaks to our hearts. Because our heart is the communication point that is why it is the greatest thing the lord requires you can imitate the word of God to be a pastor. But you cannot imitate the spirit of God. Yes, you cannot imitate the spirit of God. because without the spirit of God doing such a job or works of Deliverance and healing indeed a risk when I look at my brother now and I stretch my hand and I say be healed in Jesus name. Yes the word Goes Forth. But where is the spirit? Because it is the spirit that will back the word. If I say let there be light in Jesus name. The word will go forth. Where is the spirit? Which is the results? This is why we need to reflect deeply. because everything that is happening around us has become a life of Make-Believe. Because the principle of Deliverance States if you cannot deliver me I must deliver you. You find a pastor today. delivering people physically But spiritually he's been delivered. Spiritually the change that he is losing and the lives of the people are being bound around him. We are still talking about looking into your love walk as a Christian the first place we are to prosper. Is in our spiritual lives very very very very important. If we are successful if we are wealthy if we are making it we are famous. And our spiritual lives are not prospering. It will soon fade. I mean it will start facing greater challenges and as it fades, so also will the life upon which it is bestowed. If the success is failing if the wealth is diminishing so also will the life upon which it is best told. most times self-will around our hearts does not allow us to meditate because we are not ready to pay the price for value. That is why you can see a Christian if they say something is happening today. There's something there. self will around our hearts does not allow meditation. That is why we can believe anything or anyone. When the word of God encourages us to examine all things in the light of God's word. So if your wealth is prospering, but your spiritual life is not prospering. It was so faint when it begins to fade. fear of sickness will come the fear of insecurity when I say fear of sickness, then you begin to remember that you need to do medical check-up. Every month every week when you have a slight headache with a ho, where's the doctor? Like what is happening today fear of sickness? Where is the security of God's presence as a Christian we must remain steady in an unsteady world as the level of your success grows. You begin to look for something new you move from one place to the other. fear of insecurity Some of us can have a thousand bodyguards. For no reason at all. Where is the security of God's presence? Where is peace of conscience? We need to begin to look into our love walk. I give you one fascinating story that touched my heart when I arrived at The Synagogue Church of all Nations. I remember when the first International visitors. We're coming to The Synagogue Church of all Nations. Prophet TB Joshua, we thought maybe by then he would not say okay. We are going to receive the first foreigners in our church. We need to relocate our church to Banana Island or lucky or VI so that we can meet up with the status of the people coming. He didn't do that. He obeyed the voice of God. Because God always chooses to place us where it pleases him. He didn't relocate the church. He remained here because he had an assignment from God. So improve the lives of people in this community. This community of equal to XB. What a difficult word to pronounce. Am I right? If you ask the evil man to pronounce equal to HD. Hey, but I think if I ask any Nigerian to pronounce this word, they will still be able to do that. I want one of our International visitors from Europe Asia outside Africa to come and pronounce this word for me, please. If you could do that. Let's see if you can pronounce this word equal to nagpur. Well, I'll give you a pass knock. I want somebody who's coming here for the first time. And you please pronounce. equal tune igby equal to 9x V. This is what I'm talking about equal 3 egg day. Such a difficult word to pronounce but you know this difficult word. Coming from this uncivilized Community here. Is now globally known in the world map. Because of prophet TB Joshua has obedience to God anything you enjoy or anything you have whatever you have and generations now and those yet unborn cannot enjoy. It is not history. It is story. Sorry says once upon a time. That is Story Once Upon. But history States, this is where it was. This is where it is and this is where it shall be reflect on your own life. Whatever you feel you have. That's cannot be enjoyed by Generations now and those yet Unborn. Whatever you have that cannot be enjoyed by the first experiences, but you want to enjoy it with the new experiences. It is story. It is not history because story says Once Upon a Time Time. But history says so it was so it is and so it shall. You raise me up so I can stand on mountains You Raise Me Up to walk on stormy sea I am strong when I am on your shoulders You raise me off tomorrow and I You Raise Me Up You raise me up so I can stand on my You Raise Me Up. To walk on stormy seas. I am strong when I am on your shoulders You Raise Me Up to more than I can be. Oh such a blessed song. Let us be seated. Let the weak rest on your shoulders. Let the needy rest on your shoulders. Let the poor. Rest on your shoulders. That is going to be one of the greatest achievements you make in life. Don't look for who those who give and they will come and tell you. Thank you, sir. Thank you, Mama. But give those whom you may never meet till the end of your life. Love without expectation. That is what God requires. two things Define a man two things the patients he exhibits when he has nothing. I'm the attitude. He shows when he has everything. Watch me. Watch me. Watch me. Are you seeing me? The patience he has when he has nothing. And they attitude he will exhibit when he has everything. new work new smile new laugh, hahaha How many of us are still residing in our old neighborhood? How many of us? Oh how many of us are still connected to our former Neighbors? We are coming closer home. Now. God has blessed us. We are wealthy our lives have improved how many of us are still connected to our former Neighbors? I tell you the story of Mister a Let me cover his name mr. A mr. Are became wealthy. and left his former neighborhood But the surprising thing is anytime his passing by that street on that neighborhood. He would tell the driver driver most quickly quickly quickly quickly. Please move move. I need to get my appointment. The driver will keep wondering why is mr. A always in a hurry when we are passing through this neighborhood. Even when he is sleeping the moment, he senses tell him he's in the neighborhood. He will start barking on the driver. We need to go. I need to get my I'm by the time he gets out of that neighborhood. You say okay slow down slow down. Just take it easy. Mr. A when he forcefully has to go there maybe for one reason or the other. forcefully He will keep making empty promises to his former neighbors. Oh mr. A you're welcome, or we've been looking for you know, since you got this your new position, it's been so difficult to see you, but I will just wanted to find out if he could help my son. He needs some scholarship. Don't worry. Tell him to see me in my office. Oh, don't worry. Give him my phone number give him this number. I should call me. Tell him to come to my house. He will see me there. That day will never come. He will keep making empty promises. When the so-called person now visit his office or his house before he gets to the gate the security will tell you. Oh sorry. Mr. A has gone to Europe. He just left now. No, no, no, no to Europe. He traveled to Europe or he's gone to Asia. When is it going to be back? Oh, I'm so sorry. He didn't even say when you'll be back. Meanwhile, mr. A is sitting upstairs in his bedroom. Why do we keep running away with our wealth with our blessing? Even when mr. A leads to give forcefully he will give with his hand but his heart will be full of complain. This is the same thing. The Lord is looking at the heart is the great thing that he wants. Mr. Ed will give with his hands. But his heart would be full of complain ask me. What's with the heart say I can't hear you. What with the heart say. What were the hoxsey? They had to say hey money money money. All they do is ask me for money. They don't know anything else but money ask yourself who owns the money I'm asking myself now who all the money. Who owns me? So who owns the money who owns me? My father and the Lord says we can never do enough to obtain God's favor. We can never do enough to obtain God's mercy or God's blessing. You can't keep running away. Like Mister a with your wealth with your success. With your influence keep running. In fact, if you could put all your property in a bag and keep dragging it everywhere you go you can do so, but you cannot run away with a piece of heart. Because it belongs to God. A focus on materialism today has diverted our devotion from God to the god of wealth the god of success the god of talent. And skill we forget that many founders of Ministries that stood the test of time they may not have been knowledgeable people. They may have been rustic people ignorant people not eloquent people, but they relied on the holy spirit for every decision. What is happening to weed that have taken it up today? What is happening to those Ministries that stood the test of time? Yes back. Everything keeps diminishing in our hands. not a number not in numerical strength, but in the power of the Holy Spirit, it keeps diminishing. because we are busy looking for outward qualities those who can make the highest contribution those who can build one of the branches those who can speak eloquently or possess one skill or Talent automatically they take up the position of pastorship without query without question without consulting the spirit of God It is like somebody who is working in a company you are employed to work and you are employing people without the owner's consent. We have turned the house of God into an auction house for the highest bidder 10,000 naira know $20,000 30,500 $40,000. That is what we are doing in the house of God. The Kingdom Business has become business as usual. There is no difference between a company. and the church where the owner of that company the owner of that company will begin to look for or ensure that his son or her son studies the causes that the company requires so that he or she can take over when they retire rather than looking for God sends people whom God has put the interest of the company in their heart. Take the case of prophet Samuel. When God sent him to go and look at the sons of Jesse and anoint somebody that would be king of Israel. Rocket summer looked on the outside that is profit somewhere. Somebody who was I highly highly highly anointed but prefer someone who saw Celia one of the sons of Jesse and he said no this person must be the one ah, the appearance. Oh my God, look at the Statue. Look at everything. What did God say this one you are looking at this person you see has been rejected. The person we keep following we keep following our we say, oh this person has made this or done this for the church as if they have bargain with God to get what they want. We put them where they are not supposed to be. Meanwhile God is saying this person has been rejected. And you keep giving or you keep blessing or you keep receiving you are receiving a curse. Examine all things in the light of God God's word it is because we are fell to walk in love. That is why our faith has been suppressed. That is why we lose sense of judgment. Tell me how the love of God can work in the heart of a man who only thinks of himself. Tell me how the love of God or the power of God can be entrusted in one who is busy looking for outward qualities. You cannot be given that power to heal or to deliver. He will only walk through imagination and guesswork hear the words of Jesus. In Matthew 17. I have not come to call the righteous. I have come to call the unrighteous. In other words. We are not called to call the rich necessarily, but those who need what we have to give. We are called to call the poor the needy the offense the Widow's the motherless the fatherless. Bring my message to a conclusion. When you get home read the book of 1st Corinthians 13 verse 13 when we don't seem to hear or receive from God. The first place we are to look into is our love walk. Remember everyone hurts somewhere. And those mistakes stay on their mind. Maybe you're ignorant speech has heard somebody DP. Those mistakes stay on their mind your mistakes stay in your mind. They are mistakes stay on their mind. That is why you need to first of all forgive yourself and forgive others. If you don't forgive yourself, you cannot forgive others. the only way you can forgive yourself is to reflect on where you are coming from where you are now and where you are going the same God that said Do not hit your neighbor. Do not slap. Your neighbor also said do not kill. If you hit your neighbor unjustly, it is the same thing as killing your neighbor. Whatever you do or you fail to do. So your neighbor that you do unto God? Remember somebody has invested their time their loyalty their efforts. So that you can grow you need to retrace your steps. Forgive yourself, then you can receive forgiveness just as you have dedicated crucial moment in your life in the in the life of someone somebody else has dedicated or devoted a crucial moment in their life for your sake reflect on where you're coming from where you are now and where you are going look around and find out those who need your since L of those who need you, okay? Somebody is waiting for you for a lifetime. Remember that forgiveness is a bridge to the Future. Begin to resemble God in every Grace in his pardoning goodness in his love. Let this christ-like attitude influence your actions from now on. And be the principle by which you act and the end at which we all a what is the end. We aim the kingdom of God. Let's Love be uppermost in your heart I bless you with this word and I pray that as this word has blessed my heart it has bless your heart also in Jesus name let us pray Lord Jesus we thank you for your word father Lord give us the grace Love Enough to spend more on others are less on ourselves father Lord influence our decisions with love Influence our actions with love a Jesus name we pray. Thank you very much. God bless you.