Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of three losses now loss of In the cup obviously to what for them and the week before they lost in the Champions League to to Atletico Madrid won now so it's been a pretty pretty difficult week for Liverpool fans and obviously frustrating for the Liverpool players as well and players just weren't playing the way that they should have been. I think they came out maybe too much confidence. But of course still doesn't take away from the fact that Liverpool dominant in the league. Only one loss this season 1 draw as well 26 128 games Polly 79 points against Manchester City's 57 points. So it's almost while it is certain that they are going to win the league the I think they need something like two or three more wins to seal the deal already in March, but and disappointing to see them not being unbeaten. Obviously. The only team that is unbeaten ever and a Premier League season was the invincibles Arsenal though 304 team. And the likes of Robert Pedas Patrick, Vieira and Dennis Bergkamp just phenomenal players and their time. I don't know to be honest my opinion. I don't know forever going to see a team going beat and I think obviously down the line and me take 20 30 40 years, but seeing a team so dominant and so tactically sound as Liverpool. I can't really see, you know, like I feel like that was The team that had their best shot the best shot to go unbeaten in a league very difficult. Of course, they're the 38 games playing a season to not lose a single one. Obviously when arsenal when they did when they actually Drew quite a few games like mine United weren't that far off them in the league, but they were dominant in their time. No one was was touching them in that league but to say the least I think that it's been a It's disappointing you as a football fun and in certain cases. I know I'm an Arsenal fan. So obviously seeing any team that is an Arsenal losses is it's not bad to see it happen, but I was actually looking forward to seeing Liverpool maybe going beaten but I'm happy that that Liverpool haven't taken or snows crown of being the only team to be unbeaten. So yeah, another interesting situation not just the prayer. Mere league but in the world of football is obviously the big story was Man City are not allowed to play in the Champions League for two years and being fined a hefty amount for breaking the regulations, but man city of one that's them on Sunday. They won their third cup in a row. So to see a team that goes three domestic cups in a row and second in the Premier League. Well Above the Rest of whoever's behind Of them Lester Chelsea man united it's difficult to put into perspective that that that team this this great team is still in the Champions League and cannot play for two seasons. It's kind of wild to me. I don't know what the situation is going to happen. Like I know that they're not allowed to play next season even regardless if they weren't or not because they do have a chance to win the shit in second and the Premier League tables. So of course - with the Premier League table, there's four teams the top four teams get automatic automatic placement into the Champions League. So if we see here if their second obviously third right now less than forthright know Chelsea will mine United sitting in fifth be allowed a spot in the Champions League. I like will they have to do go through a playoff. It's kind of messy to be honest. We haven't really seen a team like this before especially someone so high up and cover to the cross. Football world not be allowed to be in the Champions League, even when they're you know destined to be qualified. So it's it's kind of rough for Guardiola. I think it's frustrating. I think I see it as if you're shooting for the players, of course top top players such as Aguero Sterling Sad Sam. He's looking to move. I think I think he's going to Germany back to his home roots, but just top top players all coming to the city to to look to when when you join Manchester City, of course pepper only brings in the players that he thinks are going to benefit him in the league domestic and the Champions League looking to win something every year and they have they won the domestic Cup right there, but wouldn't you if you were a top top team, you know Champions League Football, you know, some players are only on teams every year so that they can play Champions League. So if they're not getting that Champions League, They want to be on a team that they're automatically allowed Champions League Football, you know like that is there set thing that they're allowed but to see them like not get that I think it we yeah, I've said it before frustrating for pet. I think he has to bring in players who are just happy to be on a top ranked team. I think their main goal next season then is to focus on the league and think they have a good chance of winning depends on what happens with Liverpool. But if look most of Liverpool's players don't leave like this. They do have a chance of winning again. That's if they win the season which without a day. I think they will but I think they will look to probably look to do the treble to be honest look to win the league cup that FA Cup and the Premier League and which is a difficult task for any team that might lose players in the summer which is without a doubt could be a thing for them players that want to leave players that want to play Champions League. So, of course, I think it's difficult for them and situation for But I think it's something that they can aim to do. I think they can win a treble next year but all depends on what players they have going on from talking about two successful teams this season. I want to see light on a different topic about taunt them their situation sitting seventh in the league behind Wolverhampton and Manchester United to teams are battling for that Champions League spot and for the Europa spot and fifth but I think Marines had a bit of a tough time his first couple of months at Tottenham last one they had was Aston Villa's 16th of February, which was a tougher way when three two, but they've really really had a difficult last couple of games losing to Leipzig, obviously in the Champions League losing men to Chelsea to one and then losing to Wills 3/2 and then just last night losing to Norwich on penalties 3/2, which was a really disappointing result after Your home and then losing on penalties to not as good a team as them I think one of the biggest reasons why this is happening is because Jose, I think it really doesn't have any one up front. He doesn't have an out-and-out Striker that can really do is dirty business to can really do damage inside the box. He doesn't have anyone he's having trouble without Kane. I think Kane will come back soon, but they really are not you know, what? It really does show the type of player that hurricane is always getting criticism for what type of player he is and what you actually brings to a team. Like does he just have good players around him, etc, etc. But it really does show that a team that doesn't that solely relies on a striker a world-class Joker and in search that Hardy King it's difficult to see a team that really does need a shaker like that. Look at other teams that really do benefit from the Midfield benefit from the Wingers. But it when you have a team that doesn't have their world-class Shaker. It really does show effects. Just losing straight games four straight games. In fact, then they play on Saturday at the early game against Burnley away, which I can I don't know like I I think they might have to rest some of their players because they have a big big choose the game against Leipzig away, which they have to at least score two goals because of the we go His room so I think it's really difficult for them in their situation when they don't have that Shaker. So I think Mourinho does have to change some things up. Maybe play a little more passively maybe play more through the middle Less on the wing because they don't have that Target man in the middle, which is in cane so am I I can't really see them having a good run. They have a difficult run actually Burnley away on the Saturday then live sick away on the Tuesday and then they have mine and a third on the Sunday which Man united aren't playing exactly bad playing against West time. I think that could be a win but honestly in the next few games, I think it's going to be difficult for them without their main man hurricane up front. Something to see that it's surprising for all is actually mine United's amazing run of games that they've had lately. They're currently hunting down Chelsea for the Champions League spot. Only three points behind in the fifth place. I think it's difficult for them in their situation because they also have Sheffield Tottenham wolves right behind them only two points for all of them behind them. So I think it's a really big hunt for that for spot in the Champions League. If not the Europa League. They've been playing Actually in the last couple of games, obviously one today three, no against our be easy game for them and they FA Cup fifth round. They had a bit of a frustrating game on Sunday 1-1 against Everton, but then they want five mil in the Europa League against Club Brugge and then three no against Watford the week before and so they are through to the next round in Europa League. Also getting wins against Man City and man united in the last month. So it's been an actual Very very good month for Man United fans, seeing them climb the table from that seventh spot that they were stuck on for quite a while. So they really I think their main goal right now is to get as far as they can into Europe early. I feel like they are going to try and do their best in the FA Cup, but I feel like the real goal is to get into the Champions League this season obviously didn't make the Champions League this season. So to see them they have two options. Able to step two options both pretty difficult in their in their respective places. So the first one obviously is get that fifth spot in the Premier League, which is difficult after I again I said it they have to fight off wolves Sheffield and Spurs on that position with 10 games to go. So it's going to be difficult for them. Then I feel like they do do have a good chance in the Europa League still some big teams and that but They do have a chance in the next round and they have a lask which I said it's a football fan. I've actually never heard of never heard of this team. No idea who they are. So I think it would be interesting to see them what happens to them away. And on Thursday. I think it would be difficult to see them lose. But you know, it's my night season anything can happen to be honest. So yeah their main goal really is that you Oppa League just to win it or two to get that spot in that and they're primarily just so they can get Champions League football next season, which would be great for them and probably their biggest goal for the season. And the last thing I want to talk about today is something that is solely comes from me and it is my surprise team of the season now, it was very difficult to be honest doing this. There was plenty of teams that could have been in the running for this but I've actually Really cut it down to two teams. First of all, I want to talk about Sheffield United how they've had a phenomenal season to be honest. They won ten games in the Premier League sitting an eigth right now with 40 points. Now that's very very difficult for a team that has just been newly promoted to the Premier League to see them go on this run of games winning massive games against good teams. Their February was very good. They got a draw against Brighton wasn't disaster for that and then to one against Bournemouth and then A1 know when Against Crystal Palace away, which is difficult Crystal piles is a difficult team to play away and apparently because of their funds I want to give props to all a McBurney the Scottish, of course the Scottish man and the man up front played an amazing couple of months for Sheffield United and so I've just been really surprised that where they are in the league, you know, like well above average in Arsenal's Southampton New Castle teams that are known to be in the Premier League every year. So it was it was It was nice to see them play like this and who knows they are still in the running for the Europa League spot. Only two points out of money making them feath so its all to play for so it's very surprising the other team the other team that surprised me with season was wolves. Now. I really really like the way that will display they are a real Underdog when they come up against big teams, but they just showed great heart the show desire. They show effort they are just a phenomenal team. Play against to be honest, like big teams have had trouble playing against them. I like Reaper to show the goalkeeper. I also like Ruben nevus. What can I just say absolute phenomenal player in the middle of part Ruben Nevers the Portuguese International just some of the goals he scores. It's just I could watch them all day and goals scored from outside the box free kicks. He just runs them and feel Say by side with Joe material, obviously the X. Monocle player just a great player also a Portugal International and then we can take away from try already there. Absolutely. Just an animal X Barcelona players Wenger, one of the fastest players in like in football today. Just an absolute machine just looks like a bodybuilder loose like you play in the NFL to be honest and fantastic player fast fast as Lightning and they've had a very good. February very good 3-2 loss against espanyol in the in the Europa League was bit disappointing to see that obviously being away against the Spanish side. It was difficult for them. But then a three no 1 against Norwich and then that weekend after on the Thursday. So not the weekend on Thursday after for know when against Espanola home to put them into the last 16 of the Europa League, which was it was great to see is a football fan seeing a team that isn't exactly seen as a European side. To play in Europe. So to see them go off and do that. It would it was great to see you Nana Mel Mel draw against Leicester and then and then we'll draw against Manchester United. So they've kind of taking their foot off the gas at the gas a bit. But to be honest, I'm very very surprising side very I'm very very pleased of the way that both wolves and Sheffield have played. I like teams that are not expected, you know, Underdogs expected to be in these positions do well and just both teams the way they play football just beautiful to watch and many aspects. So yeah, that is my to surprise teams of the Season. Well, that's all we've got time for today on come on ref with little Kevin again. I just want to say a big thank you to everyone that has been supporting this podcast also supporting the Instagram page. It's just a real dream of mine come true to see people just engaging in something that I'm really passionate about. So thank you also thank you to everyone that listen to and shared last week's episode of me and my dad and that was that was amazing that I've ever been. I think a lot of people enjoyed it a lot of people like to hear the accent of course, but it was great to have him in there and thank you for all the support from family and friends all the Instagram page it come on underscore ref like comment and share to your friends. I hope everyone has a great weekend. I hope everybody watches the games. And stay safe out there, and thank you so much. Bye bye.