If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid.I don't know why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in business, if you are a woman dedicated to Growing her self leveling up achieving big goals and being the best version of you then you're in the right place my goal in the business babe, huh? Task is to show you step-by-step how to transform and create that version of you that you have always wanted to be and how to be do and have it all financially physically and internally think of this podcast As One Stop Shop for your daily dose of personal development growth Next Level learning all the things we will cover topics like personal development business strategy spiritual practice to elevate expand and align into your next level. I'll show you step-by-step the tools the strategies and the teachings to create the life that you desire because success and freedom are your Birthright. Thanks so much for listening. Here we go. Okay, this is probably not the best time to be recording but because I have to because I have a message on my heart and I have to show up to share with you guys when I'm feeling really called. It is 8:01 a.m. I am right now, it is February 19th. As I record this I think it's kind of cool I get to go back and listen to these things and be like Oh, yeah. I remember when I was there because I record an advance. So it's February 18th 19th, and tomorrow. I am getting on a plane. To go to Los Angeles to me and my Rising Sisterhood students. Oh my God. I'm so so excited and I'm also so incredibly nervous because I live events are something I know I'm really meant to do but they are also one of the things that scares me the most if you guys know we have transformation weekend coming up live in Connecticut in March. We have another transformation weekend coming up again in June those spots are open. In the March one is sold out but I have like a lot of live events on my calendar this year because they know that this is something that I'm truly meant to do. It's something like just last night. I turned to Matt and I'm like, I'm nervous. I'm going to Los Angeles. He's like Lori, you're like the best when you do Live Events and I'm like really tell me that again like tell me how great I am because I'm really insecure about this particular area of my business because I haven't done a lot of this we did it. I think Sisterhood meetups that something that started the Mastermind just started last year. So I've only done you know, one of vent for Rising Sisterhood. I had one Retreat the year before that I did that was incredible. But I have a lot of fear come up of like can I facilitate these breakthroughs at my going to be enough for the people in the room? Am I going to fuck up or screw up my coaching? Am I not going to be as effective in person as I am behind the screen, so it's been like a real challenge for me to overcome some of those. those blocks and those stories and it's very just ironic and divine timing that in this particular episode that I'm recording an intro for I'm also sharing with you some of my behind-the-scenes emotion of like what I'm going through on my journey of creating success and I'm going to this will be a little bit different of an episode and that it's going to probably be equal parts intro equal parts content and equal parts Sig out, which if you don't know what a Sig out is that's like the last part of the show where I Answer questions for you guys. And if you don't know about that, please stick around because I'm answering questions from you guys and it's so fun. So yeah, I'm just kind of you know, I'm in this place where I am very ready to grow and I've been plateauing for a while, which if you don't know what that is, its when you hit the same fucking income months month after month after month and I shared this in a Facebook live inside of our community that my big problem I have right now is that I'm hitting $50,000 months every single month for the last like two years and I can't really get past that and that's the story. I'm telling myself because when I did hit the 80 thousand dollar cash month and the hundred thousand dollar cash month and I was hitting that consistently I experienced some trauma there, you know, I had a couple of students in one of my programs not be happy. I had you know one on one client just ghost me. Like all of that kind of happened around the same time that I had the biggest most largest impact I could possibly have. Oh, by the way, I forgot to tell you why this is a bad time to record this. My Robot vacuum cleaner is just going wild downstairs. So you're probably hearing some of that I named her on. Ooh, she is a feisty little Rumba. She's not a Rumba. She's actually a different type of robot. We wanted to get one that I had. I don't know why I'm talking about this we wanted I wanted a robot. Bot vacuum cleaner because we've so much dog hair in this house and it really bothers me we have three dogs. So this was a high-level investment for myself. It was like 800 bucks and this one it actually has like a flat side to it. So instead of not being able to get up in the corners it can get right up to the corner and suck anything up. Oh, oh. There goes it's sucking up some real loud shit right now. Hope it's not a sneaker shoestring anyway, so yeah, I'm growing I'm expanding I'm setting new intentions for myself. I know this year is going to be huge. I know I'm going to crush it in the online space, but I also want to be able to Just Surrender and allow the process in and the work I have been doing on myself has been immense this year. It's only February as I record this but I Written more in my journal than I've ever been before. I have navigated more obstacles and emotional setbacks than I ever have before and all of that is for the purpose of growing and expanding and becoming better. And when I say emotional setbacks, it's not like anything is really happening in my life. I mean, I'm struggling with my health and wellness that's been something that I've been really navigating and focusing on with intention but emotional stress in the sense of like I'll wake up one day and and feel like I'm a total failure. I'll wake up one day and be like, oh my God, why is it so hard? I'll wake up one day and then I get like this beautiful stream of Consciousness and receive tons of clients and have huge breakthroughs and then the next day I'm like, oh my God, like I gotta muster up this confidence again. So it's been kind of this ebb and flow and this particular audio that I'm going to be sharing with you. This was a recorded audio conversation that Matt and I had back in January. So this was a month and a half old and in this Conversation probably about five minutes in I asked him if I could record our conversation because he was bringing up a lot of really powerful points about success and about achievement and I really loved what he had to say and I'm so excited that I can share it with you because you there's so much knowledge to gain here. So I won't I won't speak too much into this. I want the content and the recorded conversation to speak for itself. This is a real Raw. A dialogue between my husband and I after hours inside of our our little TV room which we don't bring work into and it's a really powerful eye-opening conversation where I just share with him how I don't feel successful and I'm having a hard time and I'm struggling and he's very transparent about his beliefs in what it means to create success and I think that these are beliefs we should all consider and adopt and think about so without further Ado here's this excerpt behind the scene. Relation from Matt and I and I love you guys so much. Thank you for listening to this and if this resonates with you because this is a very different episode it would mean a lot to us. If you could share on Instagram and tag me at badass business babe and just let me know like say hey Lauren, this was great. I want more of this real raw stuff because the more you can let me know that the more I know to go down this Avenue in this channel of content. So thank you very much for listening. I'd love you guys. Have fun with this. one You're saying unless you're a billionaire. You're never you're never going to be able to not budget. I thought it would be kind of cool to share this conversation with you guys. But I'm going to take some time as we go to interrupt and just share some important information with you this whole entire conversation with Matt started because I was feeling really down on myself. I felt like I was not going to ever create the success that I desired. Have you ever been there sound familiar like you fall down this Rabbit Hole of negative thinking and for me. I was feeling really really negative. And I think one of the things that had tipped me off into that downward spiral was feeling like I didn't have the money to do certain things that I really wanted to do. And so when Matt and I sat down and we started to have this conversation and this is one of the first things he says to me and I'm like, come on On please but it's so true everybody in the world. Even the most wealthy people they budget and when they don't most of them end up declaring bankruptcy, right if Michael Jackson needed to budget because he declared bankruptcy and he made so much money. It's kind of important that we all create these healthy boundaries with energy of money for ourselves people every income level budget and there's a reason why You do it. Raven once again millionaires don't become millionaires by spending their money. Right. So if your goal is to be a millionaire. And have you have to budget? Yeah, I have to be honest. I don't always love Matt's real raw hard truths. I mean, we're in this money manifestation world and we talked about how money is energy and we can call in everything we want and here's my logical husband telling me to be responsible but he has a point millionaires become millionaires because they keep their money, right? That's how you become a millionaire. You have a million dollars in the bank. So spending all of the money that you receive. See you from being able to reach your goal. If that is your goal. Some of us want million dollars of Revenue and we don't necessarily want a million dollars in the bank for us right now in this season savings is a really important priority for us. We have some really big financial goals, and we've been stashing away money so that we can make bigger Investments for ourselves down the line and that requires us to say no to certain things that maybe the old version of me would have said yes to like Manicures every single week and massages every single week and I can find a balance. I can say wealthy now a little bit and Wealthy later. I can choose to find a middle ground, but the sense of extremism and spending has often been such a trigger for me because I see people who I really look up to who are living beautiful lavish Lifestyles and I desperately want to have that as well and sometimes I get in my own way of feeling worthy of being sick. As fall because I don't have the available amount of cash that maybe some of my other friends do and I have to be okay with that. I have to be able to say we're all wealthy. We're all creating success. We're just doing different things with our money. We're doing different things with our investment. So thank you logical Matt. I'm there to go hand in hand, you know peep some people get lucky and they make a say hit the lottery or something like that and I don't know where you get to spend and credible amounts of money, you know, and it's fun and it's exciting but that's not what you should be planning on. You want to make yourself a millionaire not happen to randomly become one. So what Matt's talking about here and this is kind of a blind spot for me and my business is the winning the lottery style of Entrepreneurship and many entrepreneurs out. There are Running was launches with the hopes of them being ginormous with their hopes of having huge financial success come out of nowhere and for me in my business and you'll hear me explain this to Matt. I've put a lot of pressure on myself to have record-breaking launches. I formed this belief very early on that unless I was having this huge outrageous totally unpredictable out of the norm launch, then I wasn't as successful as the person who was Is doing that and it was really hard for me because I had a lot of friends who were, you know overnight going from making absolutely nothing to 250,000 dollar launches and I put this pressure on myself to say. Well I have to do that too. And if I'm not doing that I don't deserve a seat at the table and that a lot of style approach to my business really created an unhealthy relationship with my creativity it created an unhealthy pattern and how I showed up in my business and it really affected my ability to feel successful. Full yeah, there's that's the difference. I think. Yeah, I think I my strategy is to make us millionaires in your strategy is to have it appear. Yeah, I'm you doing all the work and everything. I'm not saying you're not but the expectation that you have is that it should happen very quickly. Just feel like if I'm not If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah. He's right. I compare myself to people a lot and it actually even hurts to hear him use that expression. I'm comparing myself to people who have make more money beyond our means right or they live outside of our means, you know, I spent almost my entire life living outside of my means it didn't matter how much money I was making I put things on credit cards. I'd live outside of my comfort zone and while that was okay for a while, you know, we've really come this place of being very conservative and very careful with how we spend our money and not from a place of scarcity, but just from a place of recognizing that we do want to have a lot of money in the bank and we do want to buy a new home and we do want to get dream cars and all of those things require some saving it requires us to save for the future for the time that isn't right now and when I see people living I'm this incredible lifestyle of travel and luxury and doing all of the things sometimes my egoic voice gets really loud and kind of ugly. That's all that it is as far as I'm concerned. I just want like I think that like was really frustrating for me yesterday when I went to go get my ears done and like I felt bad about spending $1000 and like you shouldn't let me first off your budget is there for this explicit reason? So that you could spend it and not have to worry about anything. Right? That's the whole purpose of the budget. But your mindset is I should be able to spend it whenever I want right but that's what God which the mess in the beginning. That's the problem. No one thinks that I shouldn't say. No one thinks that way people who manage money. Don't think that they can take from there's not one bucket and they don't just take from one bucket all the time. And you know, if you go to any financial planner, they're going to tell you to put your money into buckets. Yes, so that this way talk to a financial mess with anyone any financial planners going to teach you is you put your money into buckets so that you could take shamelessly from your bucket and then your buckets empty. It's empty. Okay, that's it. Yeah, you know, so like the thought of people they have entertainment budgets. Yeah, so you Tell them here to tame a budget and you just steal from him steal from it. But you take from that one bucket, you know, I'd idea should be that the majority of our money should be going towards long-term savings stuff. Is that what we're doing right now? It's what I've been trying to do. And I know we're probably doing it now maybe for the last month. Yeah, but I mean since we started having these conversations. Yeah, that's what I've yes, that's what I've been trying to do is the majority E of our money the amount of money we're Makin like 75 or 85 percent of the money should go in the long-term savings. And then the rest of it just gets divvied up. You know, so you have $1,500 a month total discretionary spending you buy whatever you want with it. Doesn't matter you buy whatever you want with it, but it's only that that's how big your bucket is. That's it, you know? Yes, so I have an allowance and every single month I get $1,500 to do whatever I want with I realized that I have privilege. I realized that for some of you that's a lot of money and I realized that I'm almost kind of embarrassed to say that I go through that money. Very quickly right now in our life like Matt said we take about 85% of what we're making and we put it away and that's what's working. I think it's really important that if you're listening to this and you feel like you're always behind on your expenses and you're not taking care of your bills or you feel like you just for some reason can't get ahead. It might be time to sit down and look at your numbers. You know, this is something that Matt does for us all the time and it's why we have a certain specific amount of money that we get to spend every month and why he says 85 percent of our income goes to savings. We've calculated what makes the most sense for us and regardless of where you are financially regardless of what your situation is. It's important to get organized about that to really calculate how much money you're bringing in and what your average expenses are and what you can do with that money. And also how much money you have to play and have fun because that's really what we're here for on this planet. Can we go back to the real issue that was at hand is that I don't feel that self-imposed. Like I'm successful. Yeah, that's self-imposed. But your yard sticks always going to moved. I just think you're moving the wrong yardstick and you're not using a realistic yardstick. You're using something very strange because you want to talk for me what the goal should be. Is that the bottom line dollar like I talked about in the car? That's what should move up. That's what we want to move up. Yeah, and so when you see a big spot month is always improving. Yeah, so when you see a big spike, it's awesome. It's great. But that's not a measure of success and you know that because if you don't do it again the next month, The who cares then it was a great month, but it doesn't make you more sir. I mean someone who makes $500,000 in January, let's say and the rest of the year they make $100,000 in the entire year whole years. They make six hundred thousand dollars for the whole year. But January they may $500,000. Yeah, is that more successful than the person who only made $75,000 a month for 12 months. No because it's the same. No, it's way more $75,000 a month is over a million dollars. I think yes, it's close to the you know what? I mean, you you wouldn't say that the person had that one amazing month is more successful than the person who made twice as much money as them like I see all these people and I think this is where okay, like I have a million feeling so like I started to watch all of these people celebrate like their $40,000 a month or $50,000 a month, and I'm we're During those months every single month, right? There's no drop. It's always standard. So in my head, I'm like well fuck I gotta get ahead like I gotta get because how can I coach these people if I'm not ahead but at the same time that's not true because once again, it's about what yardstick you're using is are we really saying that the more competent person is the person who makes more money. No, I didn't don't think so. But that's what you're implying. Because in order to be coaching somebody. I just I mean a great very easy example of this is Ray dalio is worth way more money than Tony Robbins, but Tony Robbins works with Ray dalio. Yeah, he does. So even on this incredible income extreme where Ray dalio is way more money than Tony, but Tony is still working with Ray. Yeah, I'm sure is that teaching how to handle money but you know income is not a measure of anything other than how much money is in your bank account. I think about how many stupid people out there make a ton of money lots of them, but they have why do I attach? Why do you think I attached so much of my word? Unis to my bottom line because it's just what you like It's not what I like. I hate this. I don't think that's true. Don't like that feeling. I'd you might not like that feeling but you very much like The Glitz and glamour feel and Vibe and that's what you attached to it. Well no because like even when I so like if I if I see where this started like if I go back right like I was in TV and people used to be so impressed. Remember when we went on our first date and I was like, yeah, I work with us in this and like I really that was like a big part of like my identity was my my success in my career right and and that Avenue and then That even if I go before that. My my father we would like you to drop me off at school and moms would ask for his autograph because he was on TV. So there's this this obsession with being significant that is like still in my being that I really don't want there and I really frustrates me. Well, what are you doing to change it? Having I mean, I don't think I don't think I'm wrong with the glitz and the Glam hmm. I like the glitz and the Glam but there's a there's nothing wrong with that. What's wrong with I don't think that there is anything wrong with us, but what's wrong with it is when I become so obsessed with it that it makes me feel like a failure when I don't have the glitz and the Glam at the level that I want. Do you know what I'm saying? Like and you never going to lie, I mean, that's that's the that's the problem is you're never going to you're always Gonna Want More mmm Yeah, you know ask any billionaire. They're never going to say. Oh, what's that my first billing? I was done. That's what's driving you if that's your yardstick. You always move your yardstick or you're ready to die, right? You always move the yardstick already throwing or die and that's your yard stick. That's your yard stick, but I just don't want to feel like shit when my yards when I'm far away from my yard stick or when I'm not like measuring up to so, what are you doing to change? you said you don't have to change your Yardstick as far as I'm concerned, I don't think that that's necessary. But maybe I don't put so much pressure on my yard stick. No, I think know you could put pressure on your yard stick. I think that there's a my opinion there's a lack of gratitude about where you are. Yeah, and there's a lack of understanding about where you are. So educate me. Where are we? Great. We're great. Nevermind great spine. You feel bad because you spent $1,000 on jewelry. You didn't have to check your bank account to see if you had a thousand dollars to buy it. That's true. Right there, you're already doing better than 95% of the world. Like your problems, you know a they would call him Cadillac problems. You have Cadillac problems. No one else in the world is going to share this problem with you other than people making a lot of money. Why do they call it a Cadillac problem? It's because people who and it's an old phrase. So back in the day when Cadillacs were really nice cars people would complain that they're you know, they're had a flat tire in the Cadillac or so, maybe it was being lazy or whatever. Yeah. It's a problem that only applies to people who could own a Cadillac which now The Bugatti problem right your dad your problem is not really a problem. You were to tell anyone else about it. They would think very poorly of you. And that's really what you're complaining about. Well, it's not complaining. Like I just want you could try to sugarcoat it. Anyway you want yeah the end of the day it's clearly having a very big impact on you. It has a big impact on me because I I want to grow my level of impact and I know this is stopping me like I'm not you're making it stop. That's what I'm saying. Like, I don't feel like in order to To the next level. I have to feel truly grateful and appreciative and grounded and what we already have and I don't because I'm hard on myself because I feel like like our group is just as an example like the Facebook group is at 20300 like why is it not at 50,000 right my Instagram engagement and I don't look at it as like a it means I'm failing sort of thing. I look at it as like why is it fucking taking so long To get where I want to be but where I want to be like if I looked last year I would have appreciated this so much right like maybe that's what I have to do have to look back and see how far I've come. That's what we should do show me numbers for our email list and my in the Instagram and the Facebook group a year ago, okay. Good talk. I don't think that's gonna help you. But what do you think will help me actions are always better. So what would an action be that would help me? I don't know. As I'm listening to this. I'm giving myself a ton of credit sharing this with you guys. I mean, this is real raw truth and a lot of it seems very selfish and a lot of it seems really embarrassing now that I'm listening to it, but sometimes my mind goes there right? I'm not all happy and perfect and confident and full of gratitude every minute of every day, and I do have this tendency to be really hard on myself. So, you know, I shared this with you because I hope it resonates with you. I hope it inspires you. Also, too I hope Matt's knowledge and wisdom has shared a light for you in this episode. There's more to it. We're going to continue through but just please forgive my snoring dogs in the background. It's a real thing you guys our business babe Academy is opening soon, and I wanted to take a minute rather than just sending you to a waitlist page. Wanted to give you some amazing beautiful value on growing your business and growing yourself. So, Today as a free offer to you guys. We will be sharing our beautiful Journal guide called six Journal prompts that made me six figures. I've been journaling for the last 10 to 15 years and I swear either such power and me writing down and working through blocks and old stories and resistance and I wanted to be able to give that value to you guys as well. So in this journal guide, which is free and all you have to do is Go click the link in the show notes or go where I'm telling you to go today in this audio Interruption. There are six Journal prompts Each of which have been transformative for my business. These are literally the six questions. I come back to every single time. I am trying to scale my business every single time. I'm trying to grow myself. I always return back and these six questions transform my life and my business every single time. So I'm really excited to share this with you to go and get access you can go Two badass business babe.com journal or you can just go to the show notes and there's a link down there for you as well. I won't tell you more about it. I want you to be surprised. I want you to feel into it and I'm just really excited to share this one with you guys. So go ahead and check it out badass business babe.com / Journal but it's true right actions are always better. I have to just practice more gratitude for where we are. That's a good action take. Yeah. I have to be able to do what I did the other night when we were Sitting here and I stopped the movie and I said can we just talk for a second about where we're at and talk about how great this is life. We have yeah to do that on a weekly basis to be happy to partake with you once a week doing that. I would love that. I think that'd be fun because I am I'm very grateful for where we are, but I think I get lost in like looking forward sometimes and then I'm like fuck were so far away. They say action is or gratitude is an action word. fight and I would say that if your problem is in gratitude and not taking any actions around it. That's what I would tell you. Yeah, would you disagree with that? Oh, I would totally agree with that. I'm not taking any action because I'm so busy working. I don't and that's not an excuse It's just like I need to take time to say like at the end of the day what happened today that I'm really grateful for. I remember I used to deal with animal. We had the little animals Stuffed Animal from the Muppets and we used to pass it back and forth, but we were grateful for that's what we should do. Okay, but I don't once a week. I will I knew you could do it anytime you want. Yeah, I got to do it from the business all the time. Because if I don't I think I'm just gonna keep feeling like I'm not good enough and like I haven't hit my goals or like I should be doing better, but I think just taking that time every day to say. Hey, what am I proud of today? What did I accomplish in the business that I deserve to celebrate? I think that would be really good. I think that's a good step. Okay, cause I got no problems with oh, yeah. You don't I there's like a fuck ton of things. I would change. Well, there's a I mean things could always be better. But yeah, I think it sounds really douchey but I think I am much more appreciative of where we're at that you are. Yeah, it's true. Okay. Thank you, babe. You're welcome. Okay, I know that was wild episode and there's like kind of a cliffhanger because I'm just like here's the conversation and that's that but I just feel really called to share this with you guys because I think you know the story We Tell ourselves that the people we look up to or the people who are our teachers are perfect and have arrived and like know exactly what they're doing every day and never have an egoic moment. I mean it's just so So far from the truth, and I wanted to be able to share that with you guys to show you. Hey, like I'm still going through these stories and blocks this week. We're actually releasing another bonus episode where I'm sharing kind of everything that's going on in my life right now with you guys, which I'm really excited to share. You should see that also in your podcast episode feed. So just keep that in mind if you're feeling called to like learn a little bit more about where I'm at and what's been coming up and this conversation that you heard today. Today was recorded a while ago. And I think it's also important that I kind of share where I am now, so that's why we're releasing two episodes this week. And you know, I just feel so excited to be able to take the things that I'm learning as I'm learning them and share them with you and you know, one of the ways we do that every single week at the end of every episode I get to answer a question from you guys and we had this woman Lisa right in and I'm really excited. To share my feedback on this particular comment that she asked for support on and I'll just say to if you're feeling called to get to know and work with me and ask me questions. There is a text message number that you can reach out to we've been sharing it all over the place. It's in the show notes as well. So if you are feeling like you really do want to get that direct support and ask a question, you can go ahead and just text us. It's really really simple the number. If you have a pen and paper is 6 3 1 9 I'm sorry, six three one four four nine seven three one four. So excited. So excited to hear your responses your need for support all of the things. I'm really looking forward to supporting you guys. So Lisa reached out and she said she's determined to figure out a solution to this question. So way to go Lisa for being determined. She said I've been working away for years at this. Life did happen which gets in the way of her business and it's totally okay. She's just sharing a little bit kind of about how life got in the way and she got sidetracked and she says I think I'm worried. My content isn't going to be good enough and people may buy my course and think it's not good enough or worth the investment Etc. And do I really know what I'm talking about Etc. But I've made a commitment to myself to really change my life so I can live the life of my dreams and this is part of it. I know I'm not showing up and I'm not pushing my sword. Of course or program or even using a call to action. I know that what I'm not doing right. So I love this question because Lisa is in a position that so many of us are where we are feeling the call to do and be and have more in our life, but we feel really really scared of what type of pain might be associated with when we step up. I remember in the very beginning of my business. I just relate so much to what Lisa's saying because has early on I really really wanted to make money but I was also petrified of the idea that somebody would buy my course and somebody might not like it and someone might ask for a refund and I would be devastated out of my whole entire life with d just a total failure and everybody would hate me and then you know, I just spiraled down that rabbit hole of fear and it kept me stuck for a really long time because yeah, I wanted to make money but but my desire to be liked and my desire to not get hurt or be judged or get criticized superseded my desire to create success, right? I was more anchored into the bad things that could happen and not as anchored in into the vision of what I wanted. So when I would close my eyes and visualize all of the big beautiful things that I wanted to create in my business, I immediately felt like all of these other bad things. Could happen and it would be a disaster and I would just get so hurt. And so that fear story that I told myself ran the show for a long time. I was really really afraid that people would buy a product and then they wouldn't like it and I had that fear stop me for really long time until I started to actually look at it and I asked myself. Okay, let's just say somebody buys my product and they hate it right. What's the worst thing that? Can happen they ask for their money back. Oh my God. It's so painful. Oh just hurts. And here's the truth. When I was actually afraid of that happening. It happened more. It was wild. So like I would be afraid of getting rejected and then I just vividly remember this moment where this one woman hired me and she did one call with me. This was my very first year of business. She did one call with me and then she asked for a refund and I was like, oh my God, I'm so rejected. Like I feel so fucking rich I did but then I started to explore heard more deeply and I realized two things. Number one. I was attracting people who didn't like my products because I was focused on what would happen if I attracted somebody that didn't like my products and so where your focus goes your energy flows. And so I started to attract that real real quick and it was a real challenge for me. Okay, so that happened and then I started to look at her more deeply and I realized oh my God. This woman she has hired this person and that person and this person and that person and she has never followed through. So this isn't really actually about me. This is actually something that she has going on in her life. What was really happening? And what was about me was the fact that I was attracting what I was afraid of because that was what I was focused on so I started to challenge the belief and I asked myself. Okay, like the worst thing that could happen somebody buys my product. They don't like it. Alright like then what happens, you know, then I To give them a refund. Okay, but what if everybody buys my product and everybody hates it and the thought of that felt really scary. It wasn't really so much if one person didn't like it. It was if like one person didn't like it and then that person talk to that person and talk to that person. And then I had a huge amount of haters just coming at me. That was my fear and I recognize that that fear actually came from a moment when I was in high school. I was in grade school actually and I had kissed this boy. Boy that this other girl likes, you know, you guys heard me talk about this in the show and all these girls wrote me letters that they didn't want to be my friend anymore and it was this wave of unexpected rejection from like a whole group of people and it hurt and so in my mind when I was showing up to create my business goals and dreams and desires. I really felt like I was petrified of this big mass group of people like if you've ever seen Beauty and the Beast and they go after kill kill the Beast right? They're all like going after I was like afraid that was gonna happen to me. So here's what I did. Here's how I broke the pattern because I'm sure many of you guys are listening and Lisas listening. She's like, okay Lauren. I got this like, what do I do? Well, first and foremost, you need to create a safe container for yourself. So this is one thing I did I decided I was like, okay how many people could I handle like in a group if they all? Added this product and it was like five. Okay five people great so I can handle five people I can make sure all five people love this product. I could pour into these five people. I could give them everything that my heart desires. I saw that really clearly and I realized okay. Well five people buy this product. Let me receive their money and let me hold on to this money for the amount of time that the program runs and let me see what happens and when I received these five people and I held on The money and I kept it in a safe container. I also recognized that I had one job to serve the fuck out of these people who came into the program and I poured into them and I had this belief that said if I truly give from my heart centered space and I do everything I can to make these people feel loved and seen and supported then I will be doing my job and the universe will protect me and all I have to do is just love love these people the way that I want to be loved and then everything just made sense and everything fell into place and I had so many clients who loved my work who were connected because I was focused on what I wanted to create for them and I was less focused about what I didn't want to create for myself and that really created a healthy energy of service that you know to this day. We I don't get any like negative feedback on my programs or courses. It's wild, you know and that comes from A place of just being really connected to the service and the support and what I'm doing for these women in my community and having that be enough for me to feel worthy of the sale and a feel worthy of great reviews and to feel worthy of having soulmate clients who aren't upset or ever hurt or judged or disappointed by what I'm putting out there in the world. So I just challenge you for anybody who relates to this number one bullet number there's Like a million things I want to say, but number one, please just Connect into a safe container for yourself creates some sort of boundary that allows you to show up for me. It was saying okay. I'm going to show up and help these five people and I can hold space for five people and I can make sure five people are happy. That's doable. That's very doable. And that's what I did. And then from there I started to notice that the pattern was bullshit. Right? Like that's story that people won't like what I have to offer. So crazy so crazy. So I was able to see from my experiences that I was safe to expand in the next program. I ran I took 20 people and then 30 and then 50 and I just kept going from there so you can expand as well. I encourage you guys to look at that belief and also to identify kind of where it's coming from because I think for many of us this is deeply rooted in you know, those wounds is a kid of being bullied or rejected or not being enough, you know what I mean? So I hope that helps you I hope it inspires. You Thank you Lisa for sharing and asking that question. I'm so happy that I got to support you today. And again guys, we are running a series a little bonus promotion giving away. My six laws of wealth audio training program. All you have to do is leave a review on iTunes and then share it with us via email like screenshot it and share it the email address to send to is contact. What is perfection.com and thank you guys so much. Thank you for being here today. I love you. I look forward to sharing this bonus episode with you guys. So if you are listening to this go back and listen to the bonus episode or go ahead and listen to the next episode our bonus of what's going on in my life right now, and I'm excited. I'm going to literally just hop off of this recording and go and record that episode. So I'm really excited and I will talk to you soon.