Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very active in social media and Linkedin I so he's supposed so I want to kind of pick his brain and I contacted him and I was like, hey Mike, I want to have you on board in today's podcast now. I haven't talked to you in freaking years man before getting into the 30 of your business and what you do and all that. How you doing? What's going? Going on with your life. Yeah good. And so obviously I moved back from America and in 2014 and started personal training and it's gone from strength to strength feeling of open the gym two years ago. And so it's going good. It's going very well. So your gym is named 42 fit Fitness it is. Yeah. It's important with files in England great. So what why a gym how did this gym? Idea started so obviously when we was in America, we did a lot of strength and conditioning stuff and things like that and it was always something I was interested in on the wrong side football and soccer and football obviously didn't work out for me Fitness was obviously the next the next step for me and so started personal training and then obviously I wanted to run my own business and the gyms the perfect out out for me. Me so perfect thing for me to do of course, but I see that you said that football didn't work out a didn't work out for me there. So I see that you're training a few soccer players to steal right? I saw the other day that you're training the team, right? Yeah, so we work at our facility. We work with Fleetwood Town Football Club, which is all local our local team here there in ligue 1 in the English league, so Truly exploded premier league and so we work with them quite closely with that international academy and they're under 18s. And then we also work with a net ball Club as well. Why in that ball? And so they come in and they do strengthen the petitioners. Well, it was so cool. Well, so at the end you're still kind of involved in the day-to-day football fitness-wise, maybe not playing. I know it's not the same but hey, this is what we get and someday leaks I'm playing. Something needs I don't know about you. So, but anyhow now my so I see that I want to get to to learn a little about your so your social media platforms and how you been running the gym and for a listeners. I also see that you have the fortitude fuel which is like meal preps, correct? Yeah, so we have died. So inside our gym, we have a health kitchen inside. So I small restaurant and so people It also smells fresh meals and we also do meal preps as well. And which you have seen online like the little boxes that people can take away. Yeah, and so we do those as well. So it's perfect on the side of our Fitness business obviously for our members to get the best results. They can also eat there as well. So, it's cool. It's cool. So you doing that not only for your members but you're also franchi now so whoever wants to get you know, a healthy meal you guys can do that service as well. I saw that you have an idea. From three to seven meals a week and all that sort of stuff crime. Yeah. So we do a full meal prep service. So basically anybody whether you're a gym member or not can order and there's two collection days on Monday and Thursday and you can get all your meals for the week anywhere between one meal and six meals a day didn't prepare for this interview. I was looking at your social media platforms and then I went in and I saw the meal prep business and I was like, that's so smart and you don't see that that mutt that particular segment. In America when a gym own server or offers their own meals and has a meal prep service. So that's a great way to of course if you're already in the fitness industry is I guess you just ec Gateway for you to offer those those meals as well. So that's how it's very smart of of your end. Now, I know you said you're the gym is yours, but you I believe you have a part incorrect. I do I have two business partners. Yeah, and I have to pee Business partners in both companies to the meal prep company and also the the gym company itself as well and if you don't mind me asking so so I can have a little bit of perspectives of how you guys run the business. So the guys have like your own responsibilities. So you're more into I don't know the training and your other partner is more into the operations and the other ones more into the marketing or you ever think does like everything. Well, we all have our little little sections for then we all come together to make decisions. So because there's three of us is never is always a majority vote which is good and when we're making decisions, so we have our own little Specialties and in different areas of the company and then we all come together to make certain decisions. That's that's cool. Okay, so I guess the strengths and the weaknesses, you know, someone's better doing something then that person does that and then you all were together. So that's very, Awesome. Another thing is why LinkedIn so and we'll get into Instagram later on because you know, like I said, I'm be out of business. It's a podcast about business and marketing but it's a sponsored by BMX marketing which is my digital marketing agency. So I always like to see what people are doing in social media and being that social media today is a great way to go directly to that consumer. So on and the reason why I'm asking about LinkedIn is because LinkedIn is such a It platform and I see that you included business for those type of people I think is very interesting. So I want to see how is it going? What's your strategy? What was your thought white lengthen? So LinkedIn like you said it's becoming more of a social platform. And so obviously you can share post now you can comment and you can connect with people around the world. You can connect with your target market. So for me as a personal trainer and my target market is his business. The people I work with business owners, I work with corporate employees quite high up. So for me what my target market are on LinkedIn for whatever reason whether their job hunting or whether they're and keeping up to date with different positions or different things. So for me my target markets on LinkedIn, so it makes sense for me to be there. Of course not now. I see so you're doing more ask building up your personal brand so you could Target. Type of corporate employees within within England. So that's very strong. Now. I like it a lot and I actually saw your videos on the tenth man. I should incorporate those to my to my own training sessions because I see and it's just me talking. I see that you do a lot of like mixed up weights like with cardio on the same time. So if you do like a pull-up press you do a squat and then you do what's name like burpees and all that sort of stuff. So so I'm loving it. I'm loving it. Yeah, so so for me not a lot of my clients are similar to you, I guess that they're very busy times very important to them. So and my sessions are about getting as much done as possible in the time that we've got in a limited amount of time. So a lot of my clients they might only have 45 minutes tops to work out in the day and their day so structured so it's about getting as much work done in those 45 minutes as possible. So things like the X I see that you've seen where we group exercises together. We do cardio in between it gives them the best calorie output for that 45 minutes worth of work. Well, I wake up every day about 5:30 in the morning at every day online. I want to say three days a week 5:30 workout from 6 to 6 45 ish maybe seven and it's like a super quick workout and when I have a chance because the gym I go to is always packed and I don't know. How is your gym and it's you have class. Asses and what's the structure which I actually would like to be I'm kind of interested to see how you run things too. Yeah, we do. We have a designated class Studio where our classes are and and then we have a functional reg as well, which is all white monkey bars and things like that. So A couple of our classes are under there and then our opening times are really good. So half past five in the morning till 10:00 at night, which means that people can get in sort of throughout the Days, they're not cramming. They're not trying to cram in at peak times because they know that they can come sort of pretty much all the time. That's good. That's good. Yeah, you're giving them options out like that. Now I'm going back to social media and how you guys have been running the gym and for you guys listening. So the IG account is 42 Fitness LTD. So at fortitude Fitness LTD for your gem, is that right Mikey I have it is yeah. That's right. Yeah, and then yours is at Mikey Moon Fitness at my kingdom great. So going back like I was saying social media whose if you don't mind me asking who's running your social media is if you you have a person in house for between the partners, like whoever gets to it first disgusting. So it depends really we have a we have an agency that post and a couple times a day for us and then we manage the stories and the messages and things like that. And that's for the gym one Mike. And I want to manage myself. So all my social media platforms I manage myself. Yeah, and this agency that you're doing they're doing all of the artwork as well. They're helping you build that artwork those Graphics designs and everything as well. Yes today, we work with with a whole host of different companies in the file Coast where were based and so they do all our artwork to do our branding and things like that and also our posts and and how do you think is going to do you do you like the what they're doing? Do you think you can do something better or or what's the strategy what the are realized looking? I see that you guys have like 8,000 plus followers, which is very good. Yeah, we do really well with it. So we played about with a few ideas. They're really open and honest with calls and we're the same with them. So if something's not working and then we change it. Quickly that that fast so our company moves really fast and different offers different ideas things like that. And so they move they move quite fast with us, which is good. This is really good. Are you doing any ads whatsoever or you haven't dipped into that? We do we do some odds and we do some Target stuff what around promotions really so sort of fight for January obviously gyms are always busy in January. And then we have a bit of a dip and then somewhere we do a paid promotion again, but the majority of it is organic and we rely on a lot of our members sharing things and and stuff like that which is important for small businesses that don't potentially have the finances behind them for absolutely I couldn't agree more Confirm experience and when I say with my own company when I run ads it's it's way better if you get that organic because usually you're the quality of bringing in organic traffic from elsewhere is way better than you know than just paid ads. Nonetheless the Pay Act to create awareness. So it really depends on your strategy now, I'm looking in and the website I'm actually in right now and I love the colors the black the yellow and everything and what I've seen between your Instagram your website, everything is very well designed like the the Instagram goes like the design is we call that like omni-channel marketing goes like this strategy behind the website is very similar to the to your Instagram to the Instagram of the business per se it. Was that something that Just happen or you guys from the beginning is like hey, you know what? We want to give our audience the same message. It doesn't matter where they getting it from ya think because we're a small business. We rely very much on and awareness and also, you know identity as well. So it is important that everything is sort of similar not necessarily the same but very very similar throughout so that people can straightaway recognize that it's us and and that's important because we're obviously a small company to make sure that people know it's us and then we'll probably approach was more than another gym that's potentially giving mixed messages and things like it's important. We're on Brands the entire time and how how you dealing with competition at the moment that you have quite a bit of it in your town. Yeah, we do. We've got a couple of independent gyms that run by people similar to myself and then obviously we've got some big corporate gyms as well. And to be honest we're doing really well with are considering our location our locations very good. And so what we sort of found is that it is quite hard to get to and it's quite far. So people who are living further away are going to have a gyms and that's not something really we can you know, you can't compete against location and things that are poor and With Our Brands being so strong than our company ethos being like community. Style, we do really really well and people don't want to leave our retention rate is so high that is very good. And so I guess you don't have your turn radius is just great how you can retain that that customer which in Jim's is very that's a key element of being successful. If you cannot retain that customer and just you know, they're just shopping around and jumping every now and then that's not worth it worth it for you know, and I think we've got you know the stuff that Gato amazing, you know, they try and learn every members name. They always go and say hi and see if they're okay. So the members that come in they don't feel like they're just a number they feel like they're actually part of something and we ask their opinion and we make them feel part of the family. Basically for sure for sure. How many people you have a staffed already so staff wise we've got just under 30 staff and but it depends because we've got And people who are employed and then our personal trainers that work for us there self-employed. So they run their own businesses out of our business right Tales of rent to be there. That is some dude. I cannot tell you how proud I am like from college all the way here entrepreneur making Moonlight. I'm lovin it Mike so I hadn't been good I have and I saw another very interesting thing. I saw that you guys want your fortitude proteins that Greg yeah, we did and last last month. Actually, we developed our own protein powder using a company that's local in the area. They manufacture some they manufacture powder for big companies. And so we approached them and got some made for ourselves, which is fantastic. It's doing really really well. Is that going to be a limited thing or you guys are trying to see if you can carry on and just Just have it in store or like always in store. All right, always be installed. Yeah, and absolutely hundred percent always be we've replaced every normal protein that we were using for example of a company's we've replaced all them with our own and and our members of buying it and it's great. It's going really well. That's good. And are you planning maybe to get into other types of let's say supplements. Let's say creatine or Carnage. In or whatever it is that people are yet? Yeah, so potentially we all look at doing different things. And what I want you to do is I want ID the entire everything in the gym to be branded fortitude. So everything we've got clothing. We've got hoodies t-shirts vest tops hats now, we've got protein supplements that everything no matter where you turn in the gym is is our brand and it's there staring you in the face. So that's and that was really important for me and for my business partners and we've actioned it and we're doing really well with it. So so when you trying to do this drill that brand recognition into your customers, so they're always have that 42 big yellow and black logo in their head somewhere another either clothing or whatever and everything. All that is false place for sale. So you're making Revenue off of other. Times not just actually gym memberships. Absolutely. Yeah, and also, I mean, you know, it's a group of friends. If one person's wearing a fortitude hoodie it Sparks conversation, you know, if they've if they've bought a tub of protein it's sitting in the kitchen that Sparks conversation as well and It All Leads back to the gym, which is fantastic. Of course in the net. Do you give your members when they sign up kind of like a free app, you know t-shirt or something just to kind of get them going or Everything is just yeah. So in January, we did a stopcock like a January Starbucks. Obviously New Year's resolutions and and things like that. So when people signed up in January for the year for the year, we had a hoodie protein and and things like that for them so I can free right pack of goodies, basically. Yeah, because that way you can you can have them just wear that for free and if the like of the materials good and whatnot, you know, you can always they can always buy some more. I love the idea and lovely lady. Yeah, exactly. So other than that anything else that you want to talk about that you want to kind of tell our listeners that you've been doing or that you're looking into maybe getting into. Yeah. So at the moment we're looking at get in a contract with the Chess which is our Health Service over here. And so we're looking at doing a weight management program, which would basically be 12, which would be 12 weeks. And for people who are BMI, there's dangerously overweight and basically they would get a gym program. They'd come in the gym twice a week and see one of our members of Staff one of our trainers. They take them through a group session. And then after the 12 weeks is done. Hopefully, they'll stay on for another program and just to try and Is the pressure on the NHS here in Blackpool and so we can help people lose weight and can help people get fitter again, of course in that, you know, one of the things I've seen from you guys and talking to you and your business partners and your business strategies, like you guys are trying to diversify within the same Fitness industry like you guys are trying to get revenue from other source of potential income. Which is a very very very smart way to grow your business and actually create a brand. So 42 Fitness is not just a gym, you know, it's up to excuse me. Yeah, and I think what what some people do or what many business people do is they try and diversify away from what they're doing. And so we were looking at doing something where And it would be in line with what we were already doing which is easier to diversify for sure for sure that man that's so good. So I really want to thank you for joining in. I don't want to take a bunch of your day. I know you're busy and love you have customers to see I like to conversation now before going back and this is just you and me. What's the best thing to remember about McMurray and our soccer days tell me one scenario. I'm thinking And I'm really hoping it's the same one. I have in my head and going to the National Tournament definitely so okay mine was like a for sure but I was going to say the game and for people listening so you can't you can understand McMurry University is the tiny freaking School in Abilene Texas. It's like I want to say two hours or so from Dallas. What would you say Mike something like that? Yeah. It's yes to I was yeah, very tiny. Soccer was not a top sport, you know, there's football and they take all the money we used to pay for our own here and stuff. So they that year they recruited a bunch of new players actually Mikey and another two guys, which is Neil and Nessie were from cloud Community College and the year before they feed my team, which was Western Texas College in the final and they went to Nationals. They won the national championship for junior college. So not so good. But now we were part of a team. So anyhow, soccer team was not a like I said big sport in our school. We were super underrated underdogs. We just went to from P3 to D2 in NCAA and no one believed in us and all of a sudden were in the Nash and the final game for the Regional Championship. And I think we were losing by halftime to 0 right was it? Yeah, we were yes. Yeah, we're getting bait. Do you remember what coach takes a door or you don't like that has time. I've called remember he say something like we made it this fucking far and now you guys are gonna are going to just give up or something like that where it's a really shouted I was actually yeah, it was pretty brutal. It was it was but on the other And we went in the second half and we won't warn the game 3-2. And we went to a national championship. So I think that was my best memory from back in the day playing soccer. So it just gives me chills. Actually if I show you my wall from my office. Actually. I'm going to show you how long let me know if you can see it. You see that? Yeah. Yeah. There you go. And you see my shirt and that's your signature right there Mikey 23. Yes quality, right? Yeah, I've got mine somewhere. I've got mine somewhere. Thank you so much. Who knows where? Yeah. Anyhow, I just want to kind of relive a little are all times. It was good times. They're never going back like you didn't make any soccer. I never even try because I steal I thought I wasn't good enough and I'm not good enough. Anyhow, I'm benching my Sunday League team, man. Can I tell you but anyhow my chi once again, I really want to thank you for taking the time talking to me. Once again the best of luck with your business. I love what you guys are doing. I think it's amazing and I wish I had your strength and your ability because it's very scary when you go into a business and you try to do it by your own and you don't have a job. It's like, you know, you're getting to something that it might work or might not financially. It's crazy. So man. I'm very proud. Yeah, I think I'm very lucky. I mean my my girlfriend super supportive. She's a marketing genius and so she's helped me a lot but with my personal brand and things like that, so she's been fantastic and but then obviously it's hard work and that's all you got to do just work. Hey, it's better to work for you and give another horror than work for someone and a hundred percent. Definitely. That's good Mike. So once again, My feet, thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it, brother. We'll be in touch. Appreciate it. Guys, thank you for listening to another episode in the art of business. Once again your host JC Sakura, please please please make sure to share the podcast subscribe tell a friend and don't forget to follow us on Instagram at B and X marketing once again bnx marketing. Thank you.