Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time and5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful for that and we welcome other contributions anything you found meaningful or exciting or disturbing or that you'd like to share with the greater populace of your cold Learners as well. Today we have again a very rich and go ahead this whole concept of which was very interesting to me and it begins by talking about a story of Hillel house. And so hello has that green is that Hillel of Hillel and shammai right away mentioned before with the gate alone bitch. I'm high and you know talks about how he once heard a scream coming from the city and you know, he said I'm certain that that's cream isn't coming from my house and that's supposed to be in you know, understood as an expression of being that he won't be scared. If he were to hear bad news and the good Lord continues and learns from this well, so first thing Amar learns from the story that that's a value right that a person has to trust in that Shem and you shouldn't be scared that you're going to hear something bad the gemara continues and two pieces throw that I want to read. How who tell me to talk. It's a how about kaha Silpat trade to rubbish Mel for Rubio super shook Aditya. So there was a student who was walking after rubbish Mal in the marketplace of Tia Kaze to come with baggage claim and whether you smell so that the student was afraid Mr. Lahey said to him Kata at that you are a sinner and why did how did he know that he was a sinner and he quotes this custard from you shall Yahoo! Para climate envelope us a good talented chapter 33 verse 14 just to give props to bitsy own hottie, right the sinners in in see own in Zion will be afraid right. So presumably this story takes place in New Rochelle. I am but I think they use the name see on because that's the same name that's going to be used in the puss. Right. So it says that people who sinned and are in, you know see on they're going to be scared Amar lay the student replies to him. But Haka team, I forgot them if I say tummy right and here he quotes this the student quotes back a verse from to hilum from chapter 28 verse 14 have had your daleth that says happy is the man who is always scared of our labor vitro replies back to him out who but debrie. Arkadiy that this plastic into helium is talking about matters of Turin that you should always be scared that you're going to forget Torah, but for everything else you shouldn't walk around and be fearful and who are people who are fearful are people who are sinners goes on and gives another story that the merchant you Hood up our knots on have a struggle but as a battery derived from Nuna so you dopes are not sun was coming and going after rough time do not eat now and he sighed let out his side. I'm relay. So what? Vanunu says Tim used to him by who Cobra led to a time after a so he says do you want to bring suffering upon yourself? And he quotes a puzzle. Just teeth keep a hot commodity that tan Yang. Ye and I'm not saying that word correctly the Ed Taeyang vice-chair Egor to you have only quoting a puzzle for me o parrot gimel puzzle type a 3 chapter 3 verse 25, right which basically says that would I did? Right Piper, how dirty okay, and that's what I'm afraid from has overcome me. And then again this same right you hit a barn that's on replies back and says the hockey team Astrid's I'm if I say tell me how covid ibri to work your team, right and he quotes back the same puzzle, which is Happy is the man who is who always has fear and rough am Noona answer's. No that's only in regards to TOA. So I think we see a development of a thought here. That's somewhat related also to what we've seen in the Seems right first, we begin with hello had Zachary who sort of has this confidence up, even though I hear a scream and a town. I'm confident right or today would be I seen ambulance going to my block. I'm confident that I'm not going to hear bad news. I trust and I shan't everything is going to be good and then files by the story would be with the student right who seems to have some type of Aura of fear around him and rubbish. Well basically saying you're not allowed to be fearful right fearful is not the state of mind. You should be in and I look at that also is like maybe like anxiety. I guess I shared that personally somebody who definitely is an anxious person and has a lot of anxiety and is always waiting for the shoe to drop. So, I think that's why this camera felt very personal to me and then it follows up with that with the story of you who have are not on and here we even had this idea that webcam Nunes introducing which is you know, he sees inside almost like, you know, he's sort of like expecting something bad to happen and he sort of saying like well that's going to be your frame of Find something bad's going to happen. Like if what you fear what you're anxious of all the time. And that's really the meaning of the puzzle journey of here. Then that's actually going to overtake you and is actually going to happen and that's very similar to what we saw that with the dreams right that it all was about the framing if you wake up and say the dream is bad. It will be bad and that's what will happen. But if you wake up and say no this dream was going to be good and you related to a good pasta core. You just decide like I'm going to interpret it to be something good. It is going to be good. So, I don't know I'm struggling with these cameras. I'm not a particularly optimistic person and there's something that like these guitars are sort of just saying like it's all about your frame of mine. It's just like if you're positive good things will happen. If you're anxious and you're fearful your sort of allowing something bad to happen. And we see that continued throughout the deaf, right even with some of its belote that are offered later about what you say in a bathhouse. You know things like that and nobody comes in and he's like don't say it. That way you don't want to even like how you know altitude tasks had less that time right? That's what the gemara talks about later on. You don't want to give an opening. You don't even want to mention that something bad could happen because like in a way your enticing the setanta come your enticing Satan's are come to have something, you know ban happen. So I guess is this theme keeps being developed page after page that there's some power in the frame of our minds. I think I is a person whose Not particularly. I don't usually have like an optimistic frame of mine. I am struggling with these kinvaras because it seems that it's almost like it's supposed to be a switch or maybe this is a Meda that does come more naturally to some people but other people, you know, that's your struggle in life is that you really have to cultivate it and it's hard work like maybe that is why the gemara talks matter because they know it doesn't come easy. Like I'm reading it over some politically, you know, like they're deaf is saying that it's not easy to do. It's something you have to work. I think it is something that you have to work on. I think that's the governor's point. But I also want to draw a distinction between optimism and positive spin right meaning the being in a circumstance where you can then, you know derive from it or apply to it depending on how you function. I guess a positive take on the circumstance which is the way we are supposed to relate to the dreams right or the way here don't interpret your circumstance in the negative way interpret it in with the Positive spin. Even somebody who is not naturally optimistic and I'm in some ways share that with you. I think that you can push yourself to come at it from a positive perspective right that not that you're always looking on the bright side, but that you're finding the positive within it to make sure that you're not looking at the negative and I would say, you know on the one hand maybe this really is affecting a change in reality and I would say if it's not you certainly haven't lost anything right if you if you carry on Through your experience that might have otherwise led to tremendous anxiety. Let's say and you don't experience tremendous anxiety because you have come at it. You have pushed yourself with a positive perspective and let's say even the reality men would have merited deserve the the anxiety you yourself have, you know, you haven't lost anything by not being anxious by having that positive experience. I think there's something to be said for it from just from a purely psychological perspective. You know how we experience Audience everything we do, you know, we're more likely to be able to handle more for coming at it already more positively. It's not know what does and I think that's sort of what the end of the you know an unmade bed. I think this theme carries through like and I know you always like to try to find like what's the cohesiveness of the deaf and I think this is the theme of the deaf right and you know, that that's, you know, sort of what the end of the daf wants to talk about also write the idea of you know, when it gets pepper our Prof. I had told by MIT which returns again here in on the bed right that even you would say had Tove M80 band. So Road Road and learning bad news, right because the idea is to say so it says do you actually say it and it says no loneliness low needs her hot. It's not that you have to make the broth of October. I'm a tube but it's more that you should be able to accept bad news, right that simcha that's literally the words that uses and then the end of that page concludes with a very famous story of revi Akiba right where we Learn the lesson of how cold is it David Rock monoliths have every right that everything that God does he does for the best now? I want to be very clear here, you know, and I think I feel obligated to say this as a physician we are there's obviously the type of anxiety that is really a mental health issue. It needs to be treated and dealt with seriously and we are by no means trying to say that the source of anxiety can just be you know, that anxiety can just be treated by positive thinking I want to be very clear. It's not at all what we're seeing and we are sensitive to that. They're people who really struggle with debilitating anxiety. And we send all of those people a complete review and hope that they will get the help that they need but I think it's more that the theme of this staff is exactly what you're saying and that it may be helpful to people if you develop, you know, these types of attitudes right not expecting that the worst is going to happen not expecting that you're going to hear bad news being able to Except sometimes bad news with an amount of sympathy. I think that word is chosen very carefully having the attitude of rebbi. Akiva called David. Rehana. Let's have a being everything that God does he does for the best? So again, I'm struggling with some of these ideas, but they're also striking me as very powerful on this stuff. Well, I want to say also that I think that a lot of what's going on here and what we've been talking about is, you know to some extent again. It may well be the real truth metaphysical truth behind how the world functions let's say, but also there's we're programming ourselves. We do that with its fellow that we find on the staff, which we'll talk about a little bit further momentarily, right? And we do that when we say we're going to put the positive spin here we're program, you know programming effectively write this We're gearing ourselves to see things in a positive way. And I think that that's part of the messaging of what does it mean to take to see God in the world to relate to to your experience. As God is guiding your way. Right? All of that takes a certain kind of awareness and and having that awareness requires some effort. Right? Some people may come to it more easily than others sure but nobody, you know like this idea of a no The present invisible God right? The Theology of that is very profound and the personal experience of that requires some effort to be aware that we are relating to the world in a God-fearing way in a given God credit for all the things that happen to us in our day type of way. All of these things require us to push ourselves to have that perspective. I think the Chimera is giving us tools to relate to everything we do in this kind of religious. action so to speak and I just before you begin your piece you want to talk about and I would end with that as I think that's why we see this theme so much in proud because a lot of the Christmas stuff that is talking about is, you know, the breakout are basically a religious expression of observing the world around us whether that is you know, the natural world whether that's the food that's in front of the us whether that's through to Pilla whether that's through other circumstances were a blessing needs to be given right like when we've been Come out for example. And so I think some of these observations are exactly like you said, it's another way. We don't necessarily sometimes we make a blessing over it right like the example of had Tove m84 Baroque Diana met but it's the same way. It's like observing the metaphysical workings of the world. And what is our attitude towards them? Indeed. So this is going to be one of those circumstances on the duff. I'm Alice right sound of someone else. It says honey, finesse Le crack. That craft is a is the bib is the talmudic word. Sorry not biblical. Although also difficult word. That means city. You'll recognize it from mogila tests are crossing a smooth clean. Like these are thus walled cities or the discussion of what happens when we read mogila will get to myself at Mcgill and some time not quite yet and it's NASA craft you're getting City Tunnel Robin on bikinis. I told my home are the sages say that when you enter a city, you're going to have to dive in now. What are you going to dive in? So there's the to look the Camaro specifies what these T load. Are you here at something for National Chi she comes to talk nice a any the crocodile Shalom, you know that my travels within the city should be peaceful if nasty enters like as you go you say oh memos and it'll finish on a high chair has not said have not study the craft a solution. You've brought me into the city in you know, peaceful in a peaceful manner be case. Let's say takes time to leave Omer Your Arsenal fan - I'm okay Kyle. Okay every day. She took the enemy cracks. I'll show them each step of the way every made my sojourn here. My my departure here may everything be for good right made all be with peace yet side and then after he's out. Oh Ma'am identified after elq. I should have Democratization Shalom everything thank you Hashem that everything here was poppy ski, shame should see Tanya Shalom hastily final Shalom and may it be in my food my future travels May everything be with peace my steps and so on and I should not encounter any enemy along the way and or lying in Ambush, right? And this I think speaks again to a reality that is hopefully not our basic reality right? I gave your then I gave you this example before it's not like somebody who, you know grew up in Boston. And then moves to New York for college and now they have to worry about the city, right? This is an era were entering a city, you know was a potentially treacherous treacherous experience. If you came from you know, that the I don't know your farm or your field or your shtetl or whatever right? And now you're going to the big city and you don't know who the Ruffians are and who pardon the old-fashioned vocabulary but that's that's the way the gemara is approaching this it that there is a concern that who has whoever's traveling the city. Me fall upon, you know an enemy somebody lying in Ambush along the way. I'm a REV Martin. Hello Shadow ellaby crash Saint Denis bourguignon. So the camera says wait a minute. This isn't just any city as we've just said, right. This is very specifically a city that does not have where where when there are criminals. They are not tried and executed where you don't have the rule of law of Alba craftier than the inverter again bow, but if you do have a quartz it up Court set up and you do have you know, No trial and you know, whether execution or punishment whatever of criminals then you don't have to worry about these prayers. You do not need to articulate them because you do not have criminals lying in wait because there is a deterrent against the men you can trust that they are not going to be you know coming after you in that way. And so I find this to be if I was to be a very valuable circumstance of fertile remembering like when when life is tricky when you are in a Scary situation, then you have the means to turn to God and there's a recognition that as much as we accept and believe presumably that God is you know behind and above everything. We don't need those same prayers in a circumstance that would not that we that we human beings from our perspective would not consider treacherous and I want to just continue with one piece. It's not the same circumstance at all, but it is like attached in the Divide is the next the subsequent peace and that juxtaposition I think is also helpful. So for understanding here kind of our bananas masturbate America, this is what you mentioned your Dana somebody who goes into the bath house. Now the bathhouse right? This is this is prior to an Era of showers and baths in your own home and at public bathing is the way it went right? I'll marry you he writes on the finest academic. I should talk to Lane eb7 que Tipo de la Tierra de Vaca level of own the a mere Observer cockle of avant hey meet a teacup rlholthof. No, try he says it goes Roman bathhouse, I mean the bathhouses were Roman that was their style and the water was heated up by a fire underneath the pool of water. So there's immediately a concern about the physical structure that's going on here. Right? Like how sound is this? Is this building right? Are you can you trust that your water that your pool of water where you're going to be submerged for the sake of bathing. Are you at risk of collapse into the fire or not? And the idea is well. What if you really are and which makes me think that maybe at some point something did happen right? But the idea is that you say this Fela and you see the celebrities in it, even if even if there is collapse, even if I am in big trouble then let my death be a Caprara. Let me you know, let there be some benefit that comes out of this and I buy a says low Lima in is happy. You don't say if ruin would befall me. You don't open your mouth to this way. You said your name a little looking stuff for me? Yeah. That's that time don't. Don't give an opening for the satin to come and find a problem for you. Right that Mary should look like lucky the same time. He's made a review Siloam know you've suffered amp peopleís attend. And this is the idea that like it sounds superstitious certainly any time around the year. That isn't really yummy meal right emits a little superstitious that we're not going to invite the satin to come and be and an agitator against our record will say before God, right? That's usually the sometimes role in the court right when on the yummy I'm there in them. Pardon me and the high holidays then the satin is introduced often because all the Satan is the argue our Against The Book of Life and being inscribed in the book of life. So that's his official role in many capacities throughout see fruit because I will come up against him in other times, but here right the idea is like just don't give him an opening don't you know this it's don't open your mouth. And the idea here is wait a second. There's a real legitimate concern right? There's a bathhouse that may or may not be precarious. And the way it's configured is something that is it would collapse you would be in big trouble. Right? If you're in a pool of water that's over a furnace and it collapses like that sounds like big trouble straight up why they would construct something that would be in big trouble. I'm going to guess that most of the time it was really fine. Right? We don't hear of historical problems in this way and the fact is there's plenty E of excavations of the Roman era in the land of Israel and the rest of the world and you know, the bath houses are one of the triumphs of the Roman civilization. So recognizing all that there is still this trepidation that when a person comes to a situation that has the potential to be precarious whether it's entering a city where you don't know to what extent there's going to be more outing criminals. You don't know to what extent your bath houses constructed well, Cuz I'll give us three loads prayers to say that please God. This will come out good for us. It's a recognition. Also, I think your dance while you're speaking about before about this the potential for anxiety not again, not the mental issue but not the mental health issue of anxiety, which can be overwhelming and truly terrible simply the nervousness that can happen in any circumstance of is this going to be good or is there going to be a problem and everybody can be concerned? About the potential for problem and the tequila that says I'll give us I think is designed to give us the capacity to reassure ourselves that we can you know, come through unscathed and I think that going into any circumstance requires at least the confidence if there's a potential to come through unscathed and and that Sheila does that for us? Yeah, I I think what we could say is that this hold off is really and really the last few pages is really about framing how we frame what we see in the natural world how we frame certain experiences and we can we find blessings or it's Philo to add to them that help us think about them or process them in a different way help us cope with them and I think we even see that the end of this stuff II Ahmad which Even get to is all about how we frame our day. A lot of it is all the Brotherhood that we say all the blessings that we make when we wake up in the morning when we you know, rise from our bed when we get dressed when we walk for the first time many of the to be load that were very familiar with from Shaka read from the morning prayer. And again, I think all of these are around the theme of framing those will have to do with how do we frame our day? How do we see many of the Ordinary actions that we do that I think very often when we get up and I have to get our day rolling and started. We just sort of don't even pay attention to so again the overall theme that I'm really grappling with here is the framing of perspective and how we can use prayer brocco to Fela to Anchor ourselves and all different types of situations through food observation of the natural world daily. Ends in different ways to really recognize God's presence how God is holding us up how God helps us in all of those types of experiences. So, I don't know. I personally have a lot to still think about when it comes to this stuff. Anyhow, that's going to be our death for the day. You can find us in all major podcast. We think Michelle Farber for hosting us on the hydrant website as a reminder again. We're excited to host our first virtual CM next week, please send us a message if you'd like to contribute. Butte something we really look forward to hearing from our Learners during that sium and until Tamar's deaf go and learn.