You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man. One insights what the guy's profile generally says, the girl should have family values be educated pretty kind religious traditional and so on and in the girls profiles important stuff mostly is money. We stable smart caring kind understanding and so forth. Now this is the broader picture everybody knows about but what goes into the minds of the two people involved the truth is both the parties have a list of imaginary expectations and their heads in my opinion. This is very scary because you're expecting from a stranger. Of course, you get a talk to them before actually deciding to marry or not. But the fact is it takes here. Ears to actually know someone for who they really are like the famous saying goes there are three personalities and a man first who he thinks he is second. We want you to think he is and third who he actually is and when he meets someone new people rarely show you who they really are and focus on showing the other two personalities. So when two strangers talk what they actually do is they emphasize on impressing each other think about if you're talking to a girl for the first time would you actually share your secrets defeats insecurities imperfections your temper you're drinking or smoking? Are you talking about yourself in a way that would make her think you're a cool guy. Basically when you talk to a girl before marriage unconsciously impress her which is very similar to the process when you meet a hot girl for the first time, but what you don't realize is he's going to be your wife, even though you're consciously aware of it. Here is an overview of some of the bizarre divorce cases Vikram was so busy with work that he could not find time to be intimate with his wife as much as she wanted to although he was an impotent they filed for divorce in three months. This is one clear example of what I'm talking about you. Don't talk about how much sex you want or in ways. You would want it with a stranger before getting married in the second case rummy who's a Defence Personnel found out of the marriage that his wife always wanted to marry a businessman. He immediately filed for divorce again if you wanted to marry a businessman, why did she marry a guy who would half of the time we post it somewhere else in another case? They just found out in three months of his marriage that his wife had a pre-existing affair with a married man. He recalls. She was always a little secretive and would never leave her phone unattended now not trying to And the blame on women because in most of the cases when certain conservative parents of girls find out that she's having an affair. They don't approve of the immediate response to that situation has get her married ASAP. And that is a very dangerous thing first. There is no guarantee should be over that guy second. There are huge challenges that the fair might rekindle after the marriage third you're rooting for the guy's life based on your stupid prejudices or high salary expectations. Now, let's talk about the divorce rates Family Court officials say that the number of diverse applications have doubled and even tripled in major cities over the past. five years more than 11,000 cases were filed in Mumbai, which is above 50 percent increase in the last four years polka dots around 8,000 cases, which is a 350 percent increase in a decade about 2,000 cases of file in Lucknow and 900 of them were young couples married less than a year The Advocates and the marriage dancers have cited certain reasons behind his growing number of divorce rate amongst young couples such as jealousy independence of women and evil now that is a very not an interpretation to say it's the ego rather than saying they are not compatible and it's because the men Our dear friend in marriage is founded upon the very idea of compromise. The thing that actually happens is when you live with someone for a year, you actually find quite a number of things or habits about each other that you cannot tolerate these things may range from basic hygiene to silly habits to likes and dislikes sense of humor choices and movies music books to fashion and lifestyle basically marriage isn't about showing each other how cool we are before the wedding making a promise or spending your entire life together with that person and to maintain that you must know everything about the behavioral patterns and habits. Girls find out that their husbands are jealous of other guys. So they don't approve of the clothes they wear and most guys get pissed off and the right said I want to do whatever I feel like doing hashtag my choice. Well, that's because you married a stranger you really thought you were going to tell you everything about her path and the two weeks of your conversation now some people get divorced but there's a huge population of guys and girls who follow the Indian traditional rule of marriage, which is even if the marriage is tedious monotonous Loveless and boring as hell. You can't leave people stick to Loveless marriages no matter Lat and most of the times it's because they have kids and I understand that. I'm not urging you to leave. I'm talking about the root of the problem because in case you are in a Loveless marriage your entire life becomes sad, so what do people do when they find themselves stuck in Loveless marriages, they can't contain any more they cheat and in women and apparently arranged marriage is flooded the extramarital Affairs website Ashley Madison within only a few days of its launch in India arranging Affairs for arranged marriages in India has resulted in more than 50,000 users signing up within two days of a I'll launch with female members representing more than half of the signups. Here's another story when the 60 year old man approached the court seeking a paternity test. He found that his only daughter was not his biological child a test. Not only devastated the father and the daughter but also led to the end of the marriage according to investigating agencies and the Judiciary could rather courts more than 250 paternity test annually and 98% confirm cheating. Now, I'm not saying that men don't cheat in men's case if there is don't frequent online dating websites. So why? Two people marry each other the answer is there is no reason to marry someone other than friendship. Think about it. You're going to spend your entire life with that person, which means after a certain time you will have to tolerate that person and who is a single person you happily tolerated your entire life. It's your friend German philosopher Friedrich. Nietzsche said about marriage when marrying ask yourself this question, do you believe that you'll be able to converse? Well with this person into your old age everything else in marriage is transitory a very basic question. Infer get sex forget her body forget everything just focus on her personality and ask yourself. Honestly. Do you like her personality? What is it that you like about her personality? What are the things that you dislike in our personality our the dislikes more than the likes forget her face forget how beautiful she is. Do you enjoy talking with this person or do you prefer your friends when you just want to talk? Why am I asking these questions? Because if you love or Fascination is strictly restricted to her beauty, you have to understand that her beauty will decline as you age at 30. I should be half as pretty as you used to be a 25. So the hotness for most of its parts will be gone and you will still be married to her personality and the girls who get fascinated by money, maybe the transition from middle class to a rich lifestyle might feel exciting to you at first, but for how long do you think you can prolong that excitement? There will come a time and that transition will become permanent and then would be used to being a rich person and being rich will become just as boring as it is being in any other Financial State if you are with a person you don't love people get blinded by hotness by money not that money is not important, but it shouldn't be only important thing in the world. And if you're so concerned about hotness anybody can be hot or does has nothing to do with looks it's all about your presence and your physique if you're 10 or overweight exercise get in the best shape of your life. You will become hot looks don't matter because when it comes to sex our brains still function on a private level women unconsciously respond creately you guys were muscular and in great shape. And so does Men We unconsciously focus and respond to the size of breast or the posterior of the girls. Why are you thinking for men are always muscular and almost all women have those implants because I know that people respond to seek more than just looks so guys to sum this up. I've only one thing I want you to consider. She might have the greatest pair of books in her shelves, but don't be impressed and planted by those books the color might look very interesting to you. But our day will come and you'd be bored of reading the same content again and again and then you'd be attracted to other books and you might want this secretly read another book very badly. If you do that the whole point of committing to those first books first pointless, and you wasted years of your life. Now, none of what I've said is absolute. I would love to learn from you as well. So do subscribe to this Channel and join in on the discussion and the comment box for now and for the many coming videos as well and thank you for listening.