All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week. Guess that's right. London is blue back at you FA Cup time. This this time Dan. It's a magic of the cup. I believe they call it magic of the smack Liverpool down down down. That's what I think. It is shocking from Liverpool Nick. It's almost like they played their B+ team today couldn't happen to a better team. You know, it's okay couldn't happen to a nicer group of guys. You know, I really excited that, you know, instead of playing with this ferocity. Against Bournemouth that Chelsea saved it for Liverpool three days later after a long long couple of weeks. So the theme of the match that I'm just making up right now is just yo yo, it's a yo where yo-yo is up and down and up and down and up and down and up and down and today's and up and you don't know when the next town is coming honestly. I mean, it's yeah well It's the story of the season for sure. I mean that can definitely wrap it up into it. But more specifically we will be talking about how much we love young Billy Gilmore and his his goat performance today. Absolutely fantastic from the teenager. Well, obviously I've talked about Return of the Kappa. We had a cup in the lineup a sighting and what pretty well actually so to be interesting to see how that goes and then we can talk a little bit about you know, some some different things you then a little wild card right FA Cup standings. Awnings some injuries day of the match what in the hell is going on? But before all that gentlemen, we do have an iTunes review. So a love and appreciation should go their way down. Yeah t Carlo leaving a little five-star love on Apple podcast coming in midweek hero much like a young Billy Gilmore right there. So congratulations awesome review lifelong fan told us. Keep up the great work. It's only been a Chelsea fan for over a year. That's okay. We're a We're Big 10 podcasts trialist. We welcome everyone and to the pain of Chelsea fandom everybody in the club the club the club man. All right. Well ignore what Nick just said leave a five-star review an apple podcast will shot you at the end of the next one. I wasn't even a big fan of it to be fair. Well a huge things to Kailyn for joining us on Discord. He is already on I guess I'm patreon. He's already joined the Discord server. We've been having a nice little chat with him. So again, if you want sticker badge access to disk or things like that, it is through patreon. And then last one Nick. Yes. So sorry. We haven't had the Talisman updates on the giveaway yet, but we will have that for the weekend episode after Everton, but just know that we will be doing a giveaway with them will also have a promo code again. If you're if you're interested in getting a Talisman cap, we couldn't recommend them enough we each have what a hand handful of them a Baker's Dozen a piece. They're delightful their high-quality. So go check them out at Talisman caps not come. All right. Well, it is Matt reviewed time Liverpool in the FA Cup at Stamford Bridge in case you missed the Chelsea to Liverpool. Nil. So as we go back through the goals, it was Willian in the 13th minute and Berkeley in the 64th minute tell you what though. This could have been a four to a three two one three. I mean Dan this thing was wild but to set us up for it all we need to know what was Frank's cup line up. Well, he brought out our cup keeper cathar people waga allowed him to yeah, look we were knocked out of the other Cup competitions so very few sightings for Kappa. So I had to bring em back out for the cup member when he played like every single match under Maurizio. Sorry. Oh, yeah, he was the manager. He got to select himself into the lineup. It was great. Anyway, Kappa between the sticks as Folk whether rudiger Zuma Alonso as kind of the back for here. He had Berkeley Gilmore and covid hitch as the Midfield three and then million Giroux and Pedro as the front three, but they kind of dropped back and forth bench included. Willy Caballero can't believe it must be fuming. They've come out to Maury Tino Tino time on the bench as well that Youth Academy continuing to shine this season me. She Bachelor IE as unused substitute Georgie no mace amount Andre shames all on their way onto the pitch at some point, but I think the big thing there Nick billy goat Gilmore the mikra jeast again a little bit of a run out and kept a returning to the 11. Yes. I mean it was an interesting play from Frank, right because Virginia is not going to be eligible for the next couple of matches due to his yellow card accumulation. So it was a big statement from Frank not to play them from the out knowing that he was going to have them available for a couple of weeks, but we'll get into Billy gilmour's. Mine says I believe the decision that Frank made was absolutely 100% correct to put in the young Scotsman. Yeah, definitely. So top-line stats. Chelsea was 17 shots 7 On Target better people with 14 shots Five On Target 41% possession to Chelsea. 12,000 to their 13. No yellow cards to their three which is kind of surprising and four corners to their 10. So an interesting stat line story, but as we get into the actual meat of this one is holy hell Chelsea AKA. What team was this? And holy help Billy Gilmore you absolute stud. Gary Hayes tweeting a video of the fans in in Stamford Bridge chanting. There's only one Billy Gill. Or they sing man of the match hashtag CFC and to give you a little perspective Nick. All right, Billy Gilmore vs Liverpool tonight via some stats 38 successful passes with a 77% past success rate a vital chance created one Ali Giroux, and that was after turning food be no inside out six battles won not challenges or duels but battles. Okay, two out of three successful dribbles 202 successful tackles and option 9 recoveries what I see with this, isn't there are some big numbers in here Nick, but more importantly to me. There's a little bit of everything. Yeah. I mean we've seen Billy play in the FA Cup before we've seen him play in the care about cup before. I don't know at any point if he's ever looked this comfortable or confident and the irony is that he was playing against the best English side in any In the season so far and Liverpool and against a character like the binho who's legitimate, you know kind of world-class DM and kind of made him look average at times and I think you know for Billy Gilmore. I don't know if it could be overstated and enough here for Billy Gilmore to step in after not having played in quite some time. You know, I think it was against whole was his last match to come in and put on an absolute show. Run the pace of the game, even though we didn't have the most possession place a really crucial passes breakup play midfield do all the things that we expect from a deep-lying midfielder was super impressive and I you know, I don't know if there's enough praise to keep on him as of this moment now not at all and he is deserving of every ounce of it. And I think that the tiniest bit of caveat has to be here is its A single game out of a very very long season. It's one moment, but boy, oh boy, if you're going to take a shot if you're going to take a fucking shot of just going out there. He launched himself out of the cannon tonight announced himself in Stamford Bridge. And if this was a murder scene like you could be blind and solve the crime of who who who did it. He had his fingerprints over everything. There was DNA all over the scene. He shut down for being yo, he moved the ball forward moved it extremely well and got into some tackles that you know, frankly. I was not expecting him to go in for Hill a little bit of a naughty side Nick and I just yeah, I mean, yeah, I loved it. I loved it. It was it was a great performance. I think that the asterisks is only just it's one moment, but boy, oh boy. What a knife ability G. Yeah and Brandon you you legitimate. Lee I think I pointed this out like the Midfield at and I healthier point at the year was our most crowded position you don't really know where Billy potentially fits in this season or even next season if you have all your kind of pieces together, but do you think that even those two Cup match and it was kind of you know B plus vs. B plus sides do you think that he is kind of announced himself as a potential player for Frank for the rest of the year and even in the next year, I mean that's Frank said if you want to take his words for it Frank on the fifth stand up post-match saying Billy was incredible. It's easy to assess it as Billy the Kid but I just assess it on the performance and he performed like a top-class player up against another Top Class player. He came on against Sheffield United early in the season of people questioned him. Someone said to me. He looks like a 15 year old boy, but I have absolute trust in Billy. He might be small in stature, but he's huge and personality and talent for me when I look at a Midfield player. I think do you want to receive the ball in areas and moments. Can you make angles and pick passes? Do you put your foot in he does the right thing and he's humble as well because I'm talking about this family Lampard love is a billy Gilmore in his side to the point where he said he's in contention to start against Everton and I think that is huge for, you know lamps to come out and say that right away. A lot of people have been saying he looks like Cesc. I don't agree with that Cesc was a specialist Billy seems to be much more all around. We all laughed it Fabregas because he was slower and later in his career and couldn't tackle as you've said to him. He'll stick a boot in you know, he'll get chippy. He's Scottish. So, you know, he's not afraid of that side of it but his ability to be more of a classic number eight a box. Buck's midfielder, I think really offers something different to Chelsea kind of like what we've seen with Ruben just in a very different way. But again, I can just see this Loop of him open up drag it back loose for be no and immediately slot Drew in for for a chance and it was just so silky smooth and again like fabini. Oh is massive compared to him, but he doesn't see it. That way. He's like seat. You just knows that he belongs on the pitch or roll around these players. And he goes out and does it and I just thought it was fantastic to see it of him. You know, he has covid Church in Berkeley with him covid Church little bit more disciplined Berkeley not so for Gilmore to be the one that the team relied on to keep shape and in to kind of hold the ground, I thought was really impressive by him. So, you know good for him. Obviously. It was a bit of a wild Midfield when Mount came in for covid church when he went off injured, but just the way the team looked today Dan. I don't know are they were they up for him or was it because it's a big sigh dance a Liverpool. I mean, this is a Chelsea team who's performed like dog shit at home World beaters today absolute World beaters. Why what's going on? So the two two things before we move off of Billy one. I love the person who set out the heat map on Twitter and it's just it has the goat as the heat map for him. That was that was quite fantastic. And then the one thing I will say is I'm not going to get tired. If this is the way he's going to play all the time of his ability to keep the ball in motion at his feet when he moves into a stopping position to break and then completely change Trant like change the direction he's going that is a wonderful wonderful thing to do because there's plenty of players on this side right now that do not go do a great job keeping the ball at their feet moving at speed. And so that is something I'm super excited for. But beyond that we should have beaten Liverpool three times this season at this point and we finally got it across the fucking line today. Like we finally made it happen. And I don't know I think it is a little bit of magic of being at the bridge in FA Cup night. I think maybe as a club we respect that competition a little bit more than others. I think there's the benefit of Frank somehow just seeming to get us up for some Really big contest you look at what we've done with Spurs this season, you know doing a double of Mourinho what we've done now with Liverpool where we took them to extra time in the super cup and penalties. We really should have won that first game early in the season in the Premier League Nick. I mean, it seems like Frank is able at times to really juice the emotion and the energy out of this side and kind of get them up for what is a kind of like a rival match in our mind so sure I mean It's so this team is so wonderful and frustrating at the same time because you see what they can do today, you know this, you know, I don't think would be our ra plus side. If we had to put one out right it was at you know side that has all ton of injuries needed to rest a couple of players. Frank has tried to resume some mount for like five matches and he can't do it because of injuries. And and they came out and just played with an energy and enthusiasm and a fearlessness today that I was shocked by frankly. I did not have good vibes going into this game. I thought it was, you know, another competition that we get knocked out of him and puts even more pressure on us in the league. And you know, it's another you know, it's a tough Liverpool team, you know, they've been the best team all year maybe in World football. I think they're they're just a really great team and you know, it just it couldn't have been flipped. On his head more and I tweeted something that that I think is really important when I when I think about the future of this team because clearly this season's kind of been an up and down and a little bit of a yo-yo but the energy pressing passing an overall commitment that we've seen in flashes against Spurs against Arsenal against Liverpool. This season needs to be the defining style of Frank lampard's Chelsea and some of those things. Things are totally within Chelsea's control Brandon, you know the energy and enthusiasm and how they attack each game and how they get out on the front foot and how they're not afraid that's within Chelsea's control. Obviously, you're going to have off games or passing or shots don't go your way, but it just felt different to me than what we played against Bournemouth and and it why it doesn't make sense is that Bournemouth is a terrible team comparatively even Liverpool's be - or B+ team Whatever they put out there today is Miles better than Bournemouth and we showed up and just put them to the sword early well to be fair for him to defend with about eight Liverpool were defending with one today. I don't know what the hell they were doing. I mean how many breakaways had Pedro have that that never happens? You're right though, obviously with the effort and the intensity and in the the way, they attacked the game. It was very different. And as I said, you know, they Chelsea didn't have the majority of possession, right we 41 percent so that's a good amount of possession that was with Liverpool, but they were patient they harassed and and just like you said yo-yo right good today bad yesterday no idea what we're going to get tomorrow. We Loop in the loop or we walk in the dog no idea. The problem is we need a little bit of consistency and it doesn't happen a lot of time because of the injuries we've talked about it. We're going to talk about a little bit later. So there's no consistent line up that Frank and ever have but as I foreshadow to the one guy who's back in the lineup in Kappa, I'm really interested in to hear what you guys have to say about him is a wild game. But before we do that, we are going to take a really quick break or I think of these sponsors supporting the pot Financial we're back again. I'm talking Kappa we can talk Pedro we can talk Berkeley. We can talk D Valkyrie. I mean guys, we got a lot of options. All right be right back. Hey guys, have you been listening to our podcast for any amount of time, you know that on Spotify you can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account. Although I have one and it's awesome Spotify is a huge catalogue of podcasts on every single topic imaginable including the London flute podcast the greatest podcast in the world on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are, which is great. A plane or you're in a place with terrible reception. You can also easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. So you just hit the old share feature there and upload the stories directly, which is awesome. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for the linen is boot podcast on Spotify or browse other podcasts. I don't know why you do that and the your library tab also be sure to follow us, you know where to follow us. So you never miss an episode of the London is blue podcast. Just do it. Okay. So Kappa time Kappa gay. I mean, what do you guys want to call it? Which way do you want to go Dan? I mean doing to be mischievous about Kappa. Are you want to be supportive? I want to be supportive me and he there's a first wow, look at you know, he made a save very similar to the Tebow triple versus Hull City. That was a series of saves that will continue to be able to Loop in my mind as they happen. Yeah. He was really He was coming out and claiming crosses. That was that was the first and really long time. I mean, I just he looked restored. He looked rejuvenated a little bit. I think he of the the stat line here Nick was that he made five saves during the match against Liverpool and that's more than he made in any of his 24 Premier League games this term. So I mean, that's a good number. That's that's a progress, but it seems like the time away. Way the time off might have been the recipe to get him into a spot where the quicksand could stop a little bit and you could kind of actually bring himself out of the the problem tonight could have been the end of kappas Chelsea Career If we're honest like if you would have gone out there not look focused not look committed played terribly, you know done some of the things that you know, he got benched for. I don't think there's any way back for him, I think. is that pivotable pivotable pivotal good Lord of a moment for him and his Chelsea Career and it was interesting Brandon to see you know, and I'm not sure if you pick this up or not, but it looked to me like he was talking more to the back line whether or not they were listening, you know, we'll never know but it just kind of showed a different maybe more serious or focused and not not like he's he's a professional athlete. So like I'm not saying it's not focused or serious all the time, but it just looked a little different to me tonight maybe and and I think it was huge for him to make that triple save, you know, if you're following Chelsea Twitter at all during the game and I wasn't watching that part live, you know, I was on my on my Twitter the the timeline blows up people are shocked people are excited. People are saying aha. Remember when keppel was the problem, you know, all the That you see on Twitter and it's huge for him. And I mean, this is a huge clean sheet against a really good team. It's huge because he had to make saves as well. Like they're those days where you take your clean sheet and just kind of run with it. I mean this one he turned the triple save, you know countless other other times, you know, when I'm on a cut right across the middle of our box thankfully money made it easy save, but you still have to make it. You know Adrienne. We saw him shovel it into his own goal. Those things can happen. even if you're not focused and concentrate because if you think about it, Adrian Played at the beginning when Allison was injured but really hasn't played much since keppa has taken a stint on the bench and as a goalkeeper to come back in. It's such a mentally tasking position that you have to stay engaged. You have to stay focused as a goalkeeper. It's super easy to get distracted or kind of disengage but he was locked into that point the entire time and I think he was talking more. I think that is something different. I have a feeling he felt the weight of this match and Not going to let it slip by but that's exactly what you want to see out of, you know, a potentially top-class goalkeeper. And yeah, you know, I don't look Frank said Bill he's in contention for this weekend. He didn't say about Kappa. So there's a really good chance. He goes right back on the Shelf. It's kind of interesting, you know, he's going to make lamps think about it and have to make a decision on this and at the end of the day, that's all you want these players to do, you know at the end of the match will be Have you had Mane Sawa for me know you know all coming in? So it's not like, you know, it was it was Liverpool scrubs or anything like that. I think that what one two three four degrees bad either like Ricky's. All right. Yeah, that's them saying so takumi new see Jones and Williams and Adrian. I would say those are like your bench type people, you know a rig he's in and out of the lineup will Lana's in and out of the lineup. Mana is a world-class. For being as a starter Robertson's world-class Van Dyke's world-class, Joe. Gomez has starter, you know, it just seems so weird that it went so well, but you know, I don't know Dan could how much you think this has anything to do with it, but I think you have to look at the back line as well. We're in a back for not a back three as P rudiger Zuma haven't seen him in a while and Alonzo Alonzo has not played Four matches on the spin after taking about four months off. So you think about he's got his Spanish outside. Backs, you know, it's got dirt German in the middle and then Zuma who hasn't played much as well that goes into it is you know, because why bring that up is there's a lot of defensive lapses today that made kept a be honest ozan ready. So it's not like he had a stacked back for that just you know stood in front and deflected everything. I don't know. He got a couple of cheeky fouls from from Alonzo on money that were that were quite fun throughout the match. I do enjoy the Bastard side of alonso's game from time to time. It definitely ate edges. Sometimes towards the stupidly irrational with some of his challenges, but I don't know I kind of feel like Liverpool's aside that's going to give it as good as they're gonna gonna get it and you know, I enjoyed that and I think you know kept a kind of finding himself in in a lineup where you know, Zuma and and rudiger I think put a little bit more of responsibility and kind of keep him back and try to keep it. It locked down and letting as Pia Alonzo move forward and that that had to give him a little bit more peace of mind that nobody was was freelancing out too far and trying to kind of make the feel a little bit shorter because ultimately like we were comfortable hitting it to Drew up front who was exceptional he was doing the France World Cup run jeru where you basically just landed on his chest, let it land to him and he's going to do, you know bring it out to Berkeley kick it out to Pedro and kind of let the play Advanced around him Nick. It was it was it This was a total team effort and there's more than keppa and others to kind of call out here for some great performances. Yeah, it's all it's almost as if you need a full team effort to beat a really good team, you know, which I think shocking a couple of call-outs here and then I do want to get a little bit into the defense because I think it matters when you look at kept as performance and it matters when you think about Frank lampard's tactics. The first thing that I wanted to call out is that you guys noticed a little move. That kept it was pulling where he'd start with the center backs with in the box and then they kind of pivot out and run the play where they go deep and he'd hit it to jeru. All that does and why that's super smart is because it negates Liverpool's pressing instead of playing it short and letting them come on to you you basically give them a chance to run up and then you get Zuma hauling ass down field to go get along ball because you want to push them back away from your, you know, maybe somewhat erratic goalkeeper and I think Was a super-smart tactical thing from from Frank and it clearly annoyed Jurgen klopp and it clearly annoyed all of Liverpool's kind of front pressing pressing players, especially arrighi. So I thought that was that was number one. And then there was a really smart call out by JJ bull who noted basically off of watford's defensive performance against against Liverpool at the weekend which you know, they won three nil and that was glorious that Chelsea were very Similarly defending so they had a really tight for they would bring the Winger's up to kind of provide some extra depth against, you know, the incoming crosses from Liverpool's fullbacks and then they played with a really tight Midfield block of 3 in front of the play as to not let from me know Dan drop deep, you know for me to our Ricky are any of these four players drop deep and get the ball and turn and kind of slice you open like they typically do so, I think those were two really smart tackle things from Frank. I know. Kind of ridden him a little bit lately for some of that but I think that was those huge a hundred a hundred percent and look. I mean, we mathematically or pretty much out of the title race the moment but I feel like the Liverpool collapse is finally on let's let's give it up to man city or lesser will be crowned Champions after everybody finally figured and clop out waiter. Go. This is the slide of the century coming. They're about to lose 15 in a row mark my words about to lose in the Champions League. They're about to lose get knocked out of the FA Cup. They're going to get knocked out the Premier League relegation pound. Let's go, you know kind of summing up the team though a little bit on who scored Chelsea were sixes and sevens today with Berkeley the standout 8.6 Liverpool on the other hand were fives and sixes with Van Dyke being there stand out at a 7.0. I think just kind of shows you the difference in the game like will be perfect today. No, but we were Miles ahead of what Liverpool were putting out and to see Alonzo at a 7.4 as P at 7.5 Pedro 7-7 Williams. 7-6 kept a-79. You know, it's a it's a pretty good day out for the team. It helps that Liverpool weren't at their eights and nines because if they were let's be honest. I don't think this TEAM stands up to that if it's all said and done but that is what we call the magic of the cup and that's what it's all about. I mean Nick you'd said It's hard with the defense it makeshift Midfield of forward attacking three of a bunch of old dudes with no contracts. I mean, this is about teams that defense. Yeah, this is our Pub team wage bill. I mean, so I did talk about the formation but I will quickly saw jump from Zuma up to Pedro and make that transition Dan. I thought it's umm Especially in the last 25 minutes was absolutely ginormous for the team. He got in made some really incredible tackles was amazing on set pieces deflecting the ball away along with all these are real who is always good at that and I think just played his ass off conversely, you know, and obviously will you got the goal which is a little giftie so, you know, I don't want to overstate that but I thought that Greg Rowe yeah goals goal. Pedro however, I thought played and almost exceptional game almost being that he missed a one-on-one with Adrian and you didn't score but was buzzing all over the pitch and actually moving at speed all over the pitch controlling the ball going on brakes setting up different players on counter-attacks. I thought both of those players caught my eye outside of Billy and I was really happy for both of them. I definitely felt like on Barclays goal, Adrian was definitely keeping an eye on Pedro and his positioning was terrible, but he was keeping that I locked on Pedro waiting for Berkeley to unlock the ball there or because I know dog I'm just gonna knock it in. But Peter was immense in this match and you know shows that maybe it's not, you know, an entirety of a seasoned right for a 50-game spell in the primarily the Champions League FA Cup League Cup, he can he can bring it at the level that he has previously but he definitely has his moments. He will definitely be someone if we get this across the line if we can somehow win the cup, you know, get our top four finish. Every member who contributes like the way the Pedro did tonight let the way Ross did tonight all of them deserve, you know, all of our affection and admiration because this has been as we talk about the beginning or Roller Coaster season, and they're been players who've been really high at certain points of the low now and people who are were really low early in season who are at their highest points now and are helping us win cripple matches. So I mean Ross had a couple moments in the preseason was the preseason hero. Faded a little bit obscurity for quite some time with a couple matches of just not great run of form, but go into this match and you know, really kind of get the ever tone Ian kind of back in him Brandon offered some some good moments and this match to freaking Marco another punt on Berkeley paid off just absolutely crushing it in the gambling scene. Okay, well enough about the positives. All right, it's time to bring yourselves down a little bit to reality with some natives again to more injuries this time Achilles injuries. It's for in the last 12 months again. We don't know the severity of Lillian or covid shit right now. But I just I know we touched on a little bit. I know there's been quite a bit of discussion that this chord Shane and I'm trying to figure out if we can find some data on at least the number and the severity of injuries that shows have suffered like over the last decade because I mean, I know they're contact injuries and things like that. It just it's just weird it throws me off and now we're you know going to the home stretch of the season. And guys are dropping. Its I don't know. I know it's just super concerning Dan again. I'm no medical professional. It just seems like from the outside looking in that the number of injuries in the severity of these injuries are are growing and I think that that's just a concern that every normal fan will have a dream doctor Dormer doctor doorman. Please report to Chelsea Football Club. Yeah. I don't know why any of us This would be the individual who should be called upon to answer this question. I think at a certain point observation, I would say question right? It's you're trying to find is their core correlation that we can be made between these injuries. Where is potentially the causation for it. And I think when you have two or three injuries in the side over the course of the Season that are the larger scale and more, you know more difficult to recover from and that's just kind of you can have on the side that's kind of a freak thing to happen. But when you have Conte injured you have Ruben gets injured Hudson and boy gets injured you have these injury now to Boolean to covid, uh, Tammy Abraham with engines like complicit with injury like that point. We're starting to count on two hands now then there are starting eleven. I'm good. Yeah, we can seal the injury FC. And they're gonna play in the hospital rec league. It's it it's enough that it's going to be something that I think the club have to look into whether it's our Medical Science Program, whether it's our diet nutrition exercise programs between now and what we plan for the start of next preseason the next year, I wouldn't be surprised Nick if we announced that we signed some some new player. Yeah some new. Ooh doctors or some new individuals kind of from a physio side to try to revamp what what's been going on because this is not the way I've ever felt. It may be the past 10 years that we've had injury issues like this and in a singular season used to be a sense of Pride for us Nick that we never had these injuries. I know I know and Arsenal would get hurt, you know, clipping their toenails, you know, it's just shout out to Chelsea youth who goes with an Oprah reference sung Injury you get injury everyone gets an injury. Um, I mean if you're Frank and again, I don't know all the you know, kind of components of why these injuries are happening and I'm not going to pretend to it's not it's not our job, but you have to be thinking, you know, look Williams not played that much recently. So he should be a little fresher right covid church has played a lot. So I mean you're trying to find rest for either him or Mason, but probably not both of them same. Time you you're giving rest finally to a nearly broken Andres Christensen. And then in the back says Rose pillow quetta is played again almost every match this year and is playing the full 90 again marks Alonzo four games in a row after sitting for four months. I mean you start to think about all these things and you know, it could it could just be like bad luck it very well could be but soft tissue injuries and tendon issues. But without bad Falls for either of them, you know, it's not like they were contact injuries or anything like that just it's real tough man. It's real tough. And I mean those are two less options that we have at the weekend now in a really really really important match against Everton, like I cannot stress enough how you know how great it feels to be Liverpool means nothing. If you don't beat everything it actually will make you feel worse and angrier. So yeah, I mean just what you guys said. We got to look at the full picture everybody in the club coaches players medical staff nutritionist. Everybody has to get better next year. And yeah, I mean you just you you hope for the best that these injuries at least we have a lot of talent and Prospects coming out of that field, but I totally understand anyways, well obviously keep an eye out to the end of the season a lot of matches coming up some European tournaments this Were people in the stay healthy for so it's kind of lot of balancing that goes into this, you know, we're in the middle of a top for scrap top five. Whatever that whatever it's going to be with City. So look Dan you attempted to run a day of the match pull you clearly realized that was not a good option. So instead you just posted a blurry photo. Well, it's because it's a still in the script, but it's a billy Gilmore just flying Like an Eagle GIF and I did get called out by been on Twitter saying that damn Berkeley can't even get a nomination after his best game of the season. Ouch to which I replied is Honorable Men honorable mention, but Billy Mick regista Gilmore is the individual who is our damn in the match and no question about it a quick shout Brandon for us Berkeley Andros Barclays goal since we didn't really cover off on the goal. So beginning of the show like we normally do I Furious until he put and some extra stank on it and current blasted that thing into the into the left-hand side of the net there. It was an impressive turn and run from him and hopefully gets him going from a goalscoring standpoint. Right? Because I mean that had to feel good. I hope so again though the amount of space he was given and no one closing him down. I thought for sure he was gonna waste that chance especially page a wide open on the right, but he absolutely I smoked it if he but William smoked his shot to it. I think it just shows when you give these types of players a little bit of space and time. They can do some mad things with the ball and look Berkeley buried it absolutely bossed it into the back of the net good for him. So as it kind of stands in the FA Cup, Arsenal Newcastle Sheffield and Chelsea all one so the rest of the result wise we have Tottenham versus Norwich tomorrow. We have lesser versus Bernie. Mm tomorrow we have Sheffield Wednesday vs. Man City upset alert tomorrow. Just kidding. It's going to be Derby County upsetting man united on Thursday mark my words when learning going home only if only if Darby come and play Chelsea, are we going to play them that would be that would be tasty fixture. Yeah. So, you know, it will just have to see there's still plenty of Premier League teams still left in the competition you maybe you're going to see one upset. Get out of those four. I don't expect Birmingham Sheffield Wednesday to do much. So it's kind of done Derby County. So we'll have to see but a little bit of who little bit of foreshadowing a cop to Joe tweeting to on the last two occasions. Chelsea have beaten Liverpool in the FA Cup. They've gone on to win the trophy in 1997 and 2012 Omen question mark might as well be 2012. It would have been hard to Lose the because we beat them in the final so but yeah, no, it's I don't know. Who knows maybe this teams have just going to crazy for won't run and will be another up and down season. We're going to Trophy out of nowhere. Who knows maybe that Be Love It Dream absolute Dream Season. All right, so normally we wrap but it is a good shout out that a little bit of Transfer News. Alex. Tell us having a great season in Portugal scoring like a Marco's Alonzo. If you if you might heavily linked sounds like Chelsea or trying to put on the charm offensive Dana kind of goes into our discussion about the left back roll. And do we keep one do we keep none? What do we do? Clearly this would be a huge play addressing that concern. Well, we think about it, you know, we are going to replace one of I imagine knee to left backs in our side currently, you know, Matson might not be the promotable. Dividual just yet you look at you know between Emerson Alonso Imagine One probably goes at the end of this season Emerson Juventus is kind of a link pretty heavily. Obviously Alonzo as been linked to to enter with comte there. So tell us if someone has been on Chelsea's radar for quite some time who's expressed through his agent his agent said, yeah, you know tells us going to play for Chelsea sometime. I don't know if that's one year two years three years, but he'll be there someday. It's only got a year left on his deal Porto tend to be a pretty cash-poor side on a yearly basis. So if he's not gonna potentially sign up for another deal this is going to be a scenario Nick where they're going to look to extract maximum value with what's left on his deal and he fits the profile of someone that we're looking for to give Frank a little bit more Pace on the outside. Also someone who kind of has comfortable kind of crossing the ball in a He ticks the boxes and you know, looks like would be much much cheaper than than a bench illa option. Yeah, I mean there are yeah, you don't know the prices on these things. But you know, it's been reported that on top of Z Ash and apparently it's pronounced Z Ash not see a kick. So let's we're all going to struggle with that for a little bit. Apparently it be another, you know, 25 odd million on top of what we've already paid for Z Ash which is like 30 T3 which is an incredibly good deal for a Champions League experience left back, you know, although you know, he'll have to step up and play in the primary language something. He's never done before so I don't know it's really positive for me because you know, we we sat here a week ago after Bayern Munich and said, oh man, we have 10 places that we need to improve the team and you know Striker and wing and all this kind of stuff. We got to get faster tells us fast. He's great on the ball. I think all the things that can just said so Brandon I am excited to add a proper left back to the group and let's see what happens next year more to come on that and then lastly in case you guys have missed it. We did talk about a little bit but the Premier League of launching a Hall of Fame. So we thought that maybe we could come up with three nominees that really should be on a ballot for something like this. So again, three Chelsea players from the Premier League era if you were to put on a ballot, I think it'd be interesting to see see my first nominee. Obviously quite easy. I think for all of us would be Captain leader Legend John Terry think he is one of the most successful players in the Premier League era and with his long and Jeopardy of a career in it would be my first name on the list Dan. What about you? I think that is a strong shout absolutely has to be on any ballot there. You know, I'm gonna go with Dropbox. As also being on a ballot there's easier ways to do that. But yeah are there when way Nick are there go ahead and seniors. I don't know the John Obi mikkel song, but that would be my be my fake the closer baby that I'm kidding. Obviously. It's Frank Lampard the best primarily midfielder ever. Although a second option would be Marcus Alonso the goal scorer extraordinaire baby. Let's go Hall of Fame one of them. Like when I would go Zola next obviously winning trophies being an absolute magician. Absolutely lauded by everyone. He played against I would go with a Jean Franco Dan. So if we also think about other players, I'm gonna go to the back. I think Brahma we're gonna spawn has to be in that Hall of Fame. He's just an immense player huge huge clutch activity. I mean look some of his Moments came outside of the Premier League. They were in Champions League, but man Europa League and it's true. Yeah. All right, Nick your second one as much as I want to put Mike alessi in there. I don't think he's going to make it. Although that was my dog your ballot. Yeah, I would I would nominate Eden Hazard a tremendous player in the Premier League scorer of goals maker of assists prove Earth at that anything is possible if if you have A huge huge but and low center of gravity. So that is Eden Hazard and Frank Lampard for me. Pretty pretty solid. Yeah tan, that's exactly how I remember kgs quote going right there too. Anything is possible with the big button listener gravity. All right. Well by last one should be of no shock and surprise to any of you Petter check absolute legend of the club of the goalkeeping world. And yeah, that's what I To round out my third nomination with Dan. Yeah. Also going to keep it on the back line again Ashley Cole. You can have you cannot have a Premier League Hall of Fame without the best left back in the Premier League era. He did. All right for himself makes them all effing stop for - stop I was I was going to go with Cesar spell equator. Although he still playing a not eligible. He will be at some point. He's been unbelievable. Or for Chelsea and not only because he was a bargain signing but he's moved up moved around all around the team and is just an exemplary leader. So the guy that I really appreciate Mike. Alright, well, let us know who you three are best way to get ahold of this do Discord Twitter Instagram and it'll be fun to kind of will share some hours you guys send them in. So anyways that is going to wrap this up. Hopefully you enjoy the episode we had to come up with some extra stuff because it's Honest, there's only so much you can talk about when you smash the Liverpool again. So off we go, but until next time Chelsea fans, you know what to do. Keep the blue flag flying high.