Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to Anchor.FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So on this episode we will be discussing sport psychology his college days at Virginia Tech and also find out about his hidden talent on this episode. I hope you hope Guys, enjoy it. All right guys back to 40th. I'm your host. Goodbye. Jonathan two-time Olympian. This is a podcast about throwing mindset and what it takes to be high performance how to be the best right? I've got Marcel. I'm Nikki with me Slovakian Hammerman silver medalists at World University. How many times whites into three times? World Champs, I'm Olympian. Yes in all around cool dude. Am I right? Yeah, what's up guys? Welcome to the show. How's it going? Thank you. Thank you for having me. So you are now you're at training camp. Yeah. Yeah. I'm currently in Chula Vista training at the Olympic Training Center here down in San Diego. It's going amazing. The weather is I mean, you can't get anything better than that. So. I'm really enjoying my time here was you know, I get to go there every day and see Sean Donnelly. So I mean, it can't get better than that means getting the dawn the dawn action the Don action. He's really getting getting off so you can see like he really wants it badly. Like I like to see that I mean, he's young you can train, you know extreme volumes his loving it. I mean he's putting the work in so it's really fun to watch him. Buzz, you know, he's getting the 10 like he's ten now so it's just a tan. He's so tan. Yeah, he's been so he's pretty too so it's really cool to watch him train all tanned and shirtless. That's funny. That's kind of what I think like when you and when you in public in that first year and then whatever like the training camps after that like because that first year when you guys came here, I was like, I was Hardcore balls of this is I guess the 2017 My last season and and I was after it. I was getting after it was feeling good feeling good. And then like the turn of the Year came, I generate at first I was like no idea this anymore. And what did you guys get here should be worried about the end of usually end of March. So for the for the majority of April the 1st year, that's how late it was. Yeah, it was because usually when we spend January February March and like, you know, Europe Portugal, Somewhere around there. So we would always come end of March and spend the whole April there. Yeah. So for me that that January hit and then it was just kind of sporadic, you know, there might be two three days rest in between training sessions and it up and all the rest. It was like boom. It was like right back to it and then you know that it would eventually went to a season-best in World Championship birth anyway, so Yeah, man, how's it going your dad now? Huh? Madad? Ya it's I mean that's a challenge to you know to not even take care of myself now, but take care of the family and little guy. I have my son. He's 19 months now, so he's walking around running around. It doesn't speak much yet. But you know, it's I mean, it's amazing the life completely changes anybody who has kids come in. They know what I'm talking about. I just found out its it is a blessing. I really I'm really happy that I have him but at the same time, you know, I can really have him here while I'm training because you know, I really have to focus on my art career. So so it's very hard to be away from him for such a long time. So yeah, I mean, I guess you can't have both at the same time. I mean you can but in my opinion my my hammer throwing would suffer a little bit. Yeah, when I think that's just kind of a guy that like you kind of have to find especially maybe especially with hammer Thor's because we tend to be still in the game mid to late and sometimes even 40s mid to late 30s. Yeah, usually by that time there's always children involved and wives and finding that balance. Honestly, I think is kind of part of yeah, I mean like in everything like if you find the right balance, like well the biggest thing your wife your wife needs to be needs to understand that you are a plate and then husband right? I mean that's that's what I think about. Like if your wife is understandable of what you're doing and she supports you and there is no drama, you know, then there is no fighting or you know, going back and forth, you know, like So let's create a good environment for you to focus on you know to be happy and to enjoy what you're doing because if I was here, you know a couple thousand miles away from home and she would make you know, she would tell me every day like, oh you're not here and you know, she would complain all the time that my training was suffered to so yes, really? Yeah. It's really nicely to or is he just like really special civilian? Nah, she's asleep. And she never done anything. No no sports. But and it was a funny thing like we've been together for Twelve twelve and a half years now and at the beginning it was really rough. It was very hard for her to understand that I have to go to training every day. And I you know at the time I was still in University or high school or whatever. So I wouldn't have to you know, I couldn't come straight from the school to see her and have to go had to go there to training stuff at the beginning. She really had to you know. Dig deep and understand that being an athlete is not a normal normal job for normal things. Yeah, totally, right it cries a lot of extra time. You have to spend outside of family. So now she's good though. So it's smart to me about Kind of your Hammer Journey you started where you kind of like a I don't know typical or traditional like European kid, and you were like like in clubs like Track clubs at a younger age where you did, you know everything and then kind of eventually you found your way to something more specific. Yeah, that's exactly what happened. Like well when I was very young like young love and I was 6 years old. My mom signed me up for figure skating. So I actually was doing Figure skating for like four or five years. I was spitting on ice and doing there is and shit. It was crazy. But then you know when I got when I turned 10 or 11 all of my classmates or my body started laughing at me like no because everybody at home plays out. All right hockey. So for me for for me to eat figure skating was it was it was gay. I was I was very well the glitter and everything like, you know, all the costumes were making at home suing it was Ready? So so then I started to be shame of that. You know, I stopped I was like, I'm I'm not going to doing this anymore. It's the gay but there was just a peer pressure and then I started the track actually the track stadium was like, I don't know five minute walk from my home. So I would spend the weekends. They're playing as a kid like on the grass because they had a really nice grass, you know infield so we would play there with I don't know. With my mom so she was signed me up for like a it was like a class in elementary school that would focus more on on Athletics, which meant like they would be classes that would have two hours per week more of like a athletic training or something. So they would send the kids to the stadium and two for two more hours per week. They would have fun at the stadium. So we will start with all the different events. Running jumping, of course that there was the most, you know popular ones and then the throwers started when I was like 13 14, which shot put discus Javelin everything really I was trying to find what I'm the best at, you know, right? Yeah, and then member at first like I did hello actually was fun, but, you know, the crazy stories that there was no Hammer cultured Mike Shrek. A lot like there was yeah. I'm shot of this guy and I've been with them for like a year turns out and I was like man, I really want to try the hammer throw and he's like, well, I have no idea that the coach at the time like I really don't know anything about the hammer but but there's one guy he used to throw a hammer here. I don't know like ten fifteen years ago and he he has his own job. Now he was engineer. He was you know, he was very very smart guy band at the time. He he We are when he was told he was like a fifty four beers another very good Hammer thrower, but he said that's the only guy I know that it's been throwing the hammer and I can give you a number you can call him and he can maybe come take a look at you and stuff. So so I called him it was like a fall. I don't know. I was 13 years old in the fall. I call him as like hello sir. This is Marcel 13 years old room. So, you know and I was very short like even shorter the time right now. So yeah, if you took a look at me, like there's no chance. I will you know spend time teaching you event because there is no perspective or stuff. It was so bad, but the guy didn't He's like, oh well, and if you want to do anything with the track because he was already gone by you know, 10 years. So he said, well, you know what some home is in Spring. We'll see what we can do because now the winner winter is coming so there will be no throwing it's chilly outside. So calm in the spring. Darcy and I really this is a true story though. So I really wanted to turn a hammer. So did I tell you this before? No, I don't think so. Oh so so I didn't forget and he was hoping later that letter later in life. He told me that he was hoping I would forget like completely but I didn't and the very first spring or Mark is in a calendar was like, I don't know what the very first spring day like 21st of March or 21st of April something like One of those. Yeah, and it was a very first spring day of the next year and I pick up the phone when I call him. Hello sir. This is Marcel. Is this spring finally here? Let's throw some him and the guy was so amazed man and he's like, oh this kid, he was like me and about it. Was he Bond like that he that he got the call or was did he use it as like yeah, man, his kids got it. You know what? I mean? I don't know. I know. Hey, I think he's just he was just amazed that I I really wanted to try it. So badly that I didn't forget. No, I don't know so he showed up the next day and and he we stick around, you know until I left for college to University to United States. So but there was the that was the funniest. I like funny fact was that he really wasn't experience like he had no experience. He was he never he was never coached by anybody good. He was just throwing for fun, you know by himself begging a day. So we were learning the events together. It was it was very interesting. I'm glad I'm glad because I think maybe especially in an event like Hammer like that's probably really beneficial because Yeah. Well, I mean I don't waste like you know, how do I say that like all the throwing events? Probably carry with it a very proud of kind of culture with it, right and and rightfully so but I think the dangers of that is carrying with it like assumptions in assuming that something should be a certain way because that's how you know so-and-so grew up or did it or saw someone else do it, you know 30 years ago once I just happened to be at the same field. You know what I mean? So you end up doing things like that and to be able to kind of learn the event without anyone elses influence, I think in Hammer, especially but you know, probably all the other bits. Let's let's be honest is most beneficial. That's my opinion. Yeah. I mean it was crazy because you know begging a day there was no internet, although there was internet but there was you know, the videos the Hammer videos the stuff did It is available now. It wasn't available back in the day. So I'm not that old though, but it was rough. Like we had only one like one is no throw of city or someone like the picture by picture, you know frame by frame the throw and we'll look at it and we didn't even have a camera to record our videos or anything. It was a it was a fun time. We're just playing around like like small kids and that was the fun thing about me about it. I really enjoyed it and And the other thing is, you know, maybe from figure skating like I used to spin a spin on ice all the time. So when I pick up the hammer like doing two three turns compared to my friends who tried it with me, like they would get dizzy, you know, and they would struggle and they would be thrown by the hammer more than they would throw the hammer itself. And for me, it was such a natural movement, you know, like I picked it up and in like wouldn't three weeks I was throwing three turns it wasn't pretty yeah, but I was able. the group returns and and I could all the sudden see that I'm much better at this than all the other events. So that kept me in hammertoe that you know, right I show up at some local competition and I won't buy I don't know 20 meters. Yeah, so I guess for like a hero, you know, I was 14 years old so like oh shit, this is awesome. So man, I'ma tell you what, I think we made this joke like when we were living in Canada. I really think that there's something to this figure skating thing. Yeah, it's fun because like not me personally but the Canadian girls. So like when that whole group was in was in chemistry, dr. B plus a couple of the other girls, I didn't train there. So, you know Sultana and Crystal of course and gin and Stacy and Megan and I think there was another one that trained like way way far away they all grew up figure skating until like I don't know. No, ten, eleven twelve thirteen. Fourteen. Crystal was did all those figure skating coaching certifications and things and like was was really interested in that kind of life. And then they all started throwing hammer and it's like those guys are probably the top five, you know top six all-time in that country and like in that's all I'm telling you man because I had a like for such a small kid when I was like 11 or 10 when I was ending the figure skating. I had such a strong legs like it's such a good sport for sure. Strength for sure as you got the do all the jobs and all the you know, all the I mean I had no we did zero lifting, of course like we were kids but just by ice skating on that ice makes you like explosive we strong explosive. It was makes it was the glutes. Yeah, exactly grows the roots grow through the glutes you figure skating. Yeah, and then the Hammers has no chance like you got to throw it far exactly. So you mentioned what you're doing like before you went to college. So College was Virginia Tech kind of like were you were you kind of in the middle of like Virginia Tech's a day or kind of towards the end you kind of in the middle weren't you and like you guys are just from destroying everyone at least in the as you see you are for sorry a cc AC CC. Yeah. It was yeah in the conference. It was well my first year when I when I came to Virginia, I want the national championship with 72 meter throw so it wasn't really a good you know, there was Walter happening at the time that I beat him by like a meteor or something at the but then the third guy was below 70 like it was very special at the time was that didn't see H amster. Wow, NCH I'm going to do was back in 2009. It's 2009-2010. It was even until 2012 fighting the whole my college career. It was a special thing to break the 70 meter. Line and hammer throw so nowadays. It's getting you know, the level is getting better better in even in the way through when I want the n-c-double-a championship in the way throw it was for a 22 meter throw 22 metres and now, you know, it doesn't even make the debate maybe or maybe does but it's close College all I mean, yeah, so every time you know when I was throwing 70 a knife is improving every year so when I start with they were one and a half and ended up with 76 meters or 77 when I was leaving the college it was you know, like I was the only one in the conference throwing the far but I want the only one National Championship outdoor because I had some different problems there but right there. But I was always leading the nation in there like The Mark with the best you guys you had a pretty good training group. Like what was that like? Yeah, I was training with Alexandre Ziegler. Glorious. Yeah, that's German Hammer guy. I mean, he really he was training like a maniac like that guy really wanted to throw far Hammer. I really enjoy traveling with him. I think he ended up with the pr of a little shy of 76. So 75 78 something like that. Yeah. And but he also had a big ambition in like academically. So he you know, he finished up his MBA degree at the Virginia Tech and I think now he's doing his he's still studying couple years back. I think he's doing his PhD in Kansas or Texas somewhere. It's know this summer. Yeah, because the last time I came in school. Yeah, I can I don't remember if that was in this. Dates are in Germany, but he was he was in his program then and this is like a few years back. I don't I don't think maybe he's finished like last year like very recently, but when I talked to him like a year ago, he was still doing his PhD. So yeah, I mean, but then he was still trying to throw him. Like he finally started like two years ago, but he was he was still try and you know train and but he Unfortunately, he didn't have the mic to qualify for any major championships. So he's done. So you got to make you got to make decisions. Right? I mean, of course because you know, it takes time, you know, it takes commitment to train at the you know, Elite level. And if you if you want to do something a hundred percent you cannot, you know, you have to sacrifice something so well and and this this is has nothing to do. Alexander but I think that there's it's a bit of a fallacy. You know, I'll speak for kind of North America South America. I don't know if it's like this in Europe or anything but the idea of like trying hard. Means if I try hard or hard enough, I'm going to get exactly what I want and I think in some Arenas like that's probably absolutely possible. You know what I mean? Like in business or something or like something where something not physical how about that? You know, I mean and but very in track and field the you can try all you want man, but that great separator is the old DNA, you know, there's not much you can do about that. That's true. Are you going to have a smart code? You know who has some kind of experience and we know who knows when to tell you to rest or right cause you know, when is the good time to push it and that's where the expertise of coaches come in, right? Like like the really the really really good ones. Like they can bridge the gap and I mean because the easiest thing you can do like I talked to many Elites guys in the easiest thing you can do is to over train yourself because it's you know, everybody wants to be the best. And to put the work in and work be the hardest working guy in the room in my opinion. It's the easiest thing you can do, right anybody can work hard. But but the very few people know how to work smart and part is I'm not saying you gotta sit on your couch and watch TV and Beyond an Olympian. Yeah, you probably have yeah. Yeah. Yeah, probably. There's some guys like that you tell you what it would mean. That wasn't Nietzsche. Yeah, was it me later? I think I put the working but I'm still sore from my training. And you're like that. Yeah. Oh God. How is your comeback coming the combat? We're going to flip the script. Okay, it's going it's going well. It's going well. I'm not to the point like I used to like train and then feel good about something based on what I see in training and be and be like, yeah, I'm going to throw this at or sorry. I would I'm going to throw at least this year, or at least this result this year when I get some water, hold on. All righty. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I can't make that kind of claim yet. Well, the comeback is going well in that I'm enjoying training again every single girl. I'm super grateful for I love to throw. I love feeling the things that are going on, you know what I mean and kind of just exploring that and its relation to everything else that's going on. Yeah. It is improving program by program. So that's good. Yeah. I don't know. We'll see like I'll be at the trials, of course. I need another program or two before I can be like, yeah, I think this is this is possible. You'll probably be able to tell either by how I'm posting or like by how I'm talking like when I'm I think when I'm like super confident, I don't say much but like you can tell anyway, yeah because I've been told that it's kind of like Connor right? Like when Connor like shuts down you don't hear nothing from them their dues thrown far. Yep. It's so yeah, I mean this And heard from him in four months and you know shows up and forgetting puts me down to the way throat. Listen, and that was awesome. It was awesome. I was watching the competition there was just crazy and it was it was awesome. Sean was so happy. I don't know if I can tell this no, I will not really I mean we can always edit it out. Lasso was so happy. You told me dude. I'm so freaking happy. I didn't go. Oh, yeah. No, really. Man, he was like, oh man. I'm so glad I stayed here. I mean the weight the way it's funny though because so I never especially post-collegiate lie. All right in college. There's nothing wrong with the way right you want to go to conference? You got to throw it You Gotta Throw it. It's generally known and understood that it's not the best for Hammer most cases, but it can be you know what I mean, depending on how you train in your coach and blah blah blah. It doesn't. Yeah and but post collegially it all. also, doesn't it probably makes even less sense to throw it unless You can go and basically guarantee yourself that you're going to get top five. Right? Because if you get a top five you get money and like there's something wrong with that. You know what I mean? Yeah, so when people are you know, they're like I'm throwing away. Well, I mean if you can get top 5 then rock on and like because we're hammers doors and we need that money. Yeah. You know, but like there is still that kind of risky run and I totally stopped and I support both sides right Sean chose not to go. That's great. His hammer is probably coming along nicely like he's got some post out there some of the other ones chose to throw weights and that's fine. They're going to get some money then and try to hang on and get it back for the hammer. But like, you know, someone like honor there's not much difference between his way technique in his hammer technique, you know what I mean? And that's what makes each other. Yeah, right and that's where it gets kind of funny. We're like that do can throw away it year-round if he wants to and not really see much much effect on his hammer where and I was one of them were like if like part of those years I was throwing the weight really far like we weren't throwing it a lot but I was throwing it you know what I mean? Like I don't know. He probably threw it like twice a week. But you know like that in prior to that and then after that I would throw it like once a week or once every couple weeks kind of thing and just to kind of do it because I can but the focus was Hammer. Yeah, you know to throw the weight far like you got to throw it and that's not always good. No. No, I really hated it. Yeah, especially like I can see some people can yeah like Connor like he's so relaxed kind of like even the way he walks is like he was you know, he's that type of guy like he's so relaxed. So when he throws the way it's as looking very similar to his hammer technique so I can see that it's working out for him pretty well. Yeah. Yeah, I agree for me. It was different story. I was struggling so much. I hated that you and I didn't I mean What are you doing? You know I tell people like when I was throwing 25, like it was much better. Like I'm not gonna lie. Like I'm not going to say I hate it throwing 25 meters. But the kind of like 23 24 meter range, like I would have competitions in the next day feel like I just played football, you know, I mean like or some other physical event. I'm sure like people can I don't know about soccer probably not but like rugby and football. All right the next day actually the next two days you just like like I'm dead. I don't even remember getting hit there. Like what's that? You know what I mean? And what happened in the weight where I feel like I got hit by a truck and like and that's that's because I wasn't Throwing it the way that you know, it is meant to be thrown but like whatever it was just got it. So exactly yeah, what was Transition to post-collegiate. What what did you struggle with? Talk to me about some things that like sucked well. The thing that sucks sucked. Well, the major difference was that while I was in college. I always I would always train once per day, you know, so I would always go to school in the morning then have lunch and then I would throw and lift in like a one long session right? And now after Collegiate after college I had so much time and we went to this training camps. And it was boring like I couldn't do it. So we would start training twice a day, you know, so I don't know in the morning we would throw and then in the afternoon we would lift her we would do some some jumps friends, whatever. So the for me the most challenging part was to you know, get used to training twice a day every day and it was a lot of training all the sudden like, you know, because you have to warm up twice you have to like, you know spent A little more time there and it was like constantly every day all day training and that was like the hardest part like this is not what I signed up for. It's too much even though I enjoyed it, but it was like, you know, it was too much for me. So it was the first struggle like after college and the other thing is that you know, I didn't have the distraction like it really helped for me to you know, not be Hammer focused 24/7, you know like to be able to go to school or somewhere and Like turning off the mental thing and focus on something else was I really enjoyed it. So I had to find something else that I can do outside of hammer because I know some some guys that you know, they throw and if they have a good training in there so excited, you know after painting there so they still thinking about like, oh my God good training. I'm throwing far and they can't stop thinking about it and at the same time. They had been training, you know after the after-show and they were still thinking. Oh my God, I had the best training. I need to fix this and that, you know constantly thinking Hammer as now or any, you know, it's not a good thing. So yeah, it was a I was also struggling to find something that I can you know, switch my mind and forget about the hammer for at least, you know, so one afternoon or for the whole weekend or something. Yeah. So, what did you find? Well, I turn to family. Okay, I tried to add I tried to spend more time with family and I and I and I came home and I said look, I kind of want to live two separate lives or something. Like I really don't want to talk a sport when I'm at home. So don't ask me how was training don't ask me nothing. Like it's my job I go there. I really enjoyed by that when I'm home. I don't want to talk about it. So I And I started I really enjoy cooking so because it is not really dead, you know physically demanding thing to do. Yeah, so so I started cooking and smoking me then, you know, the American style like I came home and I didn't there is no, you know barbecue joint where you can buy smoked barbecue ribs or anything like that, you know, so I really missed it. So I was like goddamn I need to buy a grill I need to do that. So I You have the added to Foods, you know, getting like the meat like the ribs or whatever where you're at like back at home. Yeah, I was I mean now it's getting better. I think but they're still none no place where you can buy like they would do rips as like oven baked or something. Like it's not the real deal. It's not smoked. You know, it doesn't have the same taste. Yeah or the same texture. So I mean so cooking real help. Like I really turn to cook king spend hours and hours a day, you know. Cooking and preparing stuff for everybody. So and I do it until today. I really enjoyed I know that so you need to cook nothing back. Yeah. I mean it's easier to just go and order some Kebab in restaurant, right? That was good one, right? Yeah. Yeah, but but yeah, it's I mean, that's one of my passions cooking nice so stuff versus because I mean I definitely Especially from now having a family like yeah, man, that would that was me too and the whole I went from training probably four days a week like for Hammer throwing sessions a week like at most two 10/10 throwing tin lifting and it just went it was it was it was too much that first year ended up, you know almost dying basically. But I know like the warming up like so we use the warm up twice, you know twice a day every day and I just got to the point. I'm like, oh my God, like I just want to warm up anymore. Yeah, then, you know, then I started experimenting like, you know, you know, if you have a such a long career you have to you know, well, that's my opinion. You gotta try and stimulate the body with different different things. So every year I try to I don't train the same. Every year so, you know the warm-up are we stretching or all the other things outside of throwing I tried to you know change every now and then so I really like here I had like that from like just honestly just from a kind of holistic like movement perspective. I really like that Damian Warner and his coach they come here quite often the last couple years and like and their warm-up is any number of things like they got a football. They've got like Baseballs in this little game and they just move for like a half hour playing. That's what I try to like one time. I think the whole winter preparation. I was just playing basketball. Yeah. Fuck that man is I would play basketball and then I would start throwing, you know, the other times I had like forty five minute warm-up. It was a dynamic static stretching, you know, it was all sorts of stuff like sprinters would do, you know like it was very A very deep kind of like it was it was very tiring. Like I wouldn't I were room. I've already sweating like crazy and I mean nothing was bad. It was it was different. Well, yeah, and that's the question that you see much difference in your throwing like I mean, not really yeah, so that's what I mean. Like, I think the body is body is amazing and like I mean unless you're on hold on on an extreme of one side or the other you probably not going to see much In your training anyway, you know what? I mean? I mean there's a there's the idea like you can get a big, you know bigger range of range of motion and you can be relaxed and throw far but I don't know I find out that way I do it now is just I try to you know, get my Joints more flexible. Like let's say hips and all those big joints Supple. Yeah, and then yeah, then then warm up just a little bit and then just warm up with the movement. So start throwing easy. Don't go hundred twenty percent first row, you know first couple throw six eight throws just go easy and then kind of like warm up in the moment and then by the time eight throw will come You're ready to go. You ready to have a training their first eight. Throws doesn't count. Yeah, right man. That's that's pretty much mine, you know My Philosophy at this point to like and I mean also being in Florida like just getting out of the car and walking to the ring is warm up Rick, you know? Yeah, and then that's right. I'm sweating. You know what I mean? Like put my shoes on good to go. But you know in the winter months here when you know in the mornings. I don't know. Let's say 40 something degrees Fahrenheit. Yeah, you know I might jog a little bit and I'll take some I'll take some releases and just kind of move but like yeah, man, like my first two three four throws maybe are typically just kind of easier trying to feel the rhythm. Yeah it input when I'm in when I'm in better physical condition. I'm almost always like Top end with in like by my third throat and there's a good thing though because you don't really get much more during competition anyway, so exactly it. Yeah, and that's why I like it and over the years. I mean most of these things I've been able to kind of figure out like so once I got to can't lose like we through so much I was able to really keep good track of like what was going on in win and stuff and like for me What the 7K over ten year span, so like I would include now all the way back to our know what your we got their 2008. My best seven cases were always within the first nine or ten. Usually usually between eight to ten is I would say 99.9% of the time my best throw of the session would be within within that group the same goes for Light hammers, I would say maybe even one or two less throws. So like I don't know maybe between six and eight and then but with heavy balls I could have my best of the session with a heavy on the last throw. So it didn't matter I can't you know, I mean what happened with heavy balls. I gotta have my best not on the first but you know within the first couple or on the last throw but sevens and sixes not or light it but like I feel like that's you know, that's probably more dis about my physical makeup. Anyway. No, I mean that's good. I mean it would be it would be worse than it was if it was you know, the other way around because yeah, yeah 7 case the competition one. So that's all that matters. You don't get your As far as possible in the within the first four throws or five or six or seven it's amazing. So you're so what has happened? Like do you use? Like sport Psychology Services or anything like that? Well, I haven't tried yet, but I've been told I need to there are some competitions. I did not handle it correctly and but I haven't tried it yet, but it's very It's very hard. When you move for me, when you move around the world all the time for training calves and you're not their home. I mean it is possible to I've heard to communicate with someone like that through the you know through the internet now, but right can I do think? Yeah, this is a therapy. I like it. Yeah, there's not no. No, I mean, yeah, it would be most beneficial would be of course to when I when I would be at one place and talk to the guy old time. But after last year like after Doha it was it was really on my mind because I really felt I was you know, I was in the best shape of my life. I was trying super far didn't training and I was really, you know, it was it was maybe the first time in my life when I actually thought about you know, when I felt I have what it takes to meddle, you know, it was it was that kind of feeling and I can't I don't I don't think it scared me. but but definitely something happened and when I showed up at the qualification it was it was not the same me. I don't know how to explain it like it was. I didn't feel pressure. I didn't feel nothing crazy and I wasn't nervous. I actually feel pretty relaxed. I don't know I was very confident. Yeah, but didn't didn't work out and after that he was all over because the season was, you know, the championship was there was no means afterwards. It was such a late date for a world championship that there was no other means to you know, show the guys that what I'm capable of so the season was over immediately and and I was struggling so so I actually wanted to find someone but I didn't Didn't and but I talked to go to couple Elites Slovakian athletes not in track and field. I also talked to one guy who was a very good professional tennis player from socketing Beggin Beggin a day. He used to be I don't know top 10 ATP ranking or 215. I don't know he was he was he was a good tennis player and I talked to him because 10 is such a such a hard mental like yeah mental sport. Like I think it's me all the way. Yeah right at their own track. Yeah, it's very hard. Especially when you have a long I don't know four five our game and and it I mean, it changes from 15 to 15. It's crazy how challenging it is. So I talked to And he gave me a lot of good Insight what to do what to think of so so I'm trying to get this year in my in my even in my training and he also told me a lot of good things about competition and mental aspect of competition. So I'll give it a try this year. But is there anything you can share like Maybe not maybe not personally like like your you know what? I mean? I don't know your purpose is Vegas. The biggest steak what what I can tell you was that what I what makes me when he was talking about was that he would do this thing. Like he would usually people when when you have a bad day, you know when you have a pet training or anything you You analyze, you know, we try to think what went wrong how to fix it and stuff like that. Right which is natural. But you kind of get like you it's already a negative kind of thinking like you thinking about that stuff like what happened and how to fix it and and usually because you know, you're training your training and all the sudden there's some periods of time that some that Training is going. Good by itself, you know, you don't know how it's happening. But you're just feeling good like for a couple of weeks straight you are throwing amazing and you don't know what's happening. But you you're happy. Right? Right, and then all the sudden they have exchanges. It is something happens and you lose the feeling for you lose the timing or something happens and it's not the same and then everything so ever. Yeah. Yeah, I mean exactly something happens and it's not the same in The you didn't do nothing wrong. Just something happens. And then you take some time to figure out to get back right to figure out what went wrong how to fix it another month pass two months and then you get the same feeling again and it's exactly in tennis or in any sort of like that that the it happens and what he was trying to do was trying to minimize the time that you're coming back so Instead of two months or one month, he would he would try to minimize it to like a one-week and the way he would do it was that when he was actually having those good days like the perfect days because then you don't really think about anything you just you know, usually normal people when you're throwing good you kind of like it flies by so fast, you know, we throw you go home you throw again like the time flies so fast because you're having a good time. Right, you don't think about what's happening and then he would sit down right at the time. He would sit down and analyze why he's doing so well instead of you know, the other way around. So that's that's the thing. I'm trying to do like when when there is a good time when you have a good feeling you have a good timing you throwing far he would actually like it would be a very detailed analysis like it would be very deep. He would sit down and analyze all the movements all the feelings. If he would visualize what he's feeling, you know, when he's entering the circle the wines the really everything when when you're having a good day and I don't know if somebody's doing it I wasn't doing it. So for me, it was a new information and you know you write it down. You can't like memorize it you you you learn the feelings when you have a good day and then when the when something happens and you know with the bad days comes you kind of No, you don't find you. Stop trying to find what's wrong with you. You immediately start thinking about feelings. You memorize kind of like when you had a good day and he found out during his career that when he started doing this he shortened the period of coming back to Good Feelings by you know, Couple weeks. So I mean it's interesting. This is great, man. So, yeah, thank you for sharing. And so I mean so that included essentially I guess personal kind of reflection on what it's it's a positive work journaling going on to like re writing these things down is he was telling me like it's a it's also like everybody's talking about positive versus negative thinking is the same thing like you try to focus on positive instead of negative, but you got to know what to look for, you know. So before you analyze your best days ever you cannot really detail, you know, What you're looking for, so then you start with the like a loop of of mistakes like yeah, like I would say instead of thinking of your mistakes. You should think about you know about the good things which is it feeling sit down. I mean, it might be challenging to do it may may require practice, you know, it's not very easy to because everybody knows how it's supposed to look like, you know, like how the technique is supposed to look like the positions and everything but But the feelings you have in a good throw, you know, it's you you can only you can feel them. Right so I mean what I'm trying to say, it's more about the feelings you feel during the pro like more of how it's supposed to like a more of a technical aspect. Boom. There. It is really, you know, finally getting what I want to be no talking through it is the best part man like yeah. Yeah exactly. How it felt to hit a ball to tennis ball at a certain angle. So it curved behind the net, you know, crazy stuff like that. But he would imagine the feeling of it now that you know, the actual how it's how it's done. It's crazy. You can apply it can be applied to hammertoes that I would say for sure. I I mean, yeah, I think I was the hammer is I mean every sport is about the feeling like, you know, that's why I likely born here. Now. I didn't have a there with him we dimensionally for you, huh? We didn't mention Lee board that we didn't mention him. Yeah. Sorry about that leave or man. No. No, it's all right. It's all right, you guys well, Back right now. You might not even know this dude. Can you pronounce the SharkBite SOG? Right. I didn't say it, right. It's American way to say. Yeah, whatever. We bores amazing. He threw this is pure 81 81 81 81 81 anyone see I got that. That quiz going on. Yeah and was the number two at the time when I was throwing away back in the in the old bigger the tungsten balls Lance Lebow and the me. And he came out to Ohio a few times. It's the throughout that the Finley and meet indoor Finley at Leeds indoor meet and I don't think I don't think I ever beat him in the way. I was kind of annoyed about that anyway, so yeah, you can tell him today. That's a silly but anyway, so we were he's a great dude and a woman has his longtime coach amazing guy. Yeah, and now he's helping you here or what? Yeah, that was a thing like You know I used to train with him in begging to 2015 the whole year before a real Olympics because I had that trouble at the local Club. They kicked me off the kick me out of the I could I was not able to train at my home facility any longer. So I had to find another solution and I and he was still training like he was still trying to make the Rio Olympic team and he's he's from different city than I am and his Zone. 30 minute drive so it kind of teen up team up with him and started, you know, going back and forth every day to his town to train and we kind of like connected a little better. So it's nothing new like we used to train together. But then after Rio I decided to join the Polish group powerful deck crew band was training with power for like two and a half years and now we wasn't the right time like I kind of Was all by myself alone again, and then he was doing nothing really like so I asked him if he wants to join me and help me out. Then there he is. He's here with with me in Chula Vista and is amazing man. He has so much wisdom and so much experience with the hammer. So it's really nice to have the, you know, experienced guy like that by your side totally I think. That's a that's a conversation Chris and I have had a couple times about a mentor versus a coach. He's a Motorola Mentor, but it really you know. For me, it's that's what I need. You know, right better than a than a coach. Yeah, I think they both like I mean that's not to put like when I say that it's not to put down coaches or anything but like by definition. Yes Mentor by definition mentors done it a coach has an asteroid done it but they've coach people, you know what I mean? Yeah, you know and so in saying that obviously being a mentor doesn't make you a good coach but but whatever but there are some great ones out there, right? Yeah. But that year that could be a whole different kind of conversation. So I did intend to ask you what your most challenging probably psychological moment was in your career, but it sounds like it was was it last year like with Doha and going in feeling great and it turning out differently than you had anticipated. Yeah, Doha was like a the most difficult reason one, but I've a couple in a past. I remember begging 2014. There was no Olympic Games No worlds, but we had the European championships. And that was the year like 10 days before the Championships. I threw my PR so I was in great shape, but I also I was throwing super far right through 70 916 One half week before the Championships and I feel like oh man, this is great. And then I showed up at a qualification and one the qualification with 77 meters. And then I also also something happened like before the final so I got to the final and got seven. With 76 90, so it was also kind of disappointing and I also think that the mental side was, you know, every time it seems like every single time. I feel like I can I can do well. Yeah, I don't do I don't do so. Well, so let's try likely board here. He's helping me out with that a lot. And by that it was because because you know even in Rio or some other meats, I didn't really feel like I have what it takes. I had a head like nothing to lose in my mind. You know, I had I didn't I didn't think I can make the finals. I didn't think I can, you know get the metal but then when you look at the results, they're better than when I was in a good shape, right? So So sometimes it's good to be an underdog. I just different different for every people, you know, some people enjoy, you know, Pavel for instance. He's good like he does he's good at blocking all this pressure out even though he's you know, let's say world leader based on the topless or something. He can still perform and throw well, so I mean That's what I got to try to change personally, but there's still some work to be done. Well sounds like you're on the right track like that story that you shared. I think it's probably going to be yeah, I mean, yeah, there there there there big changes this year for me. Like I changed a lot like completely a lot of things so I'm very excited. We're going to happen this year. But yeah, it's the Doha Doha was a big learning experience for me it was it was it was incredible so what so what you looking for when you going to open up then like we're getting towards the end of this now yeah well we'll have in like a month now for five weeks March 21st we have a winter European winter throwing up for something called like that we have a competition in Europe back in Syria it's in yeah it's there it's in Portugal also I will go and try to open up there but it's like you're going to be early opener and then then maybe Mount Sac a month later yeah 60 girls are I'll be coming back to Chula Vista chain for another seven weeks I think seven then another seven weeks training camp life oof yep so tell me back and then I'm in the middle of May I'm coming back home so maybe end of May I will start with my like a normal season so I'll see you sometime maybe I don't know I know if I was if I go to Mount Sac yet but I'll definitely do the Portugal thing and then don't all the site well I would like to go to the outside because of course it'll be it would be the last one for me ever as an athlete and You know Kellogg's like is amazing and finally they finish up the stadium. So it's know we all all together, you know, we'll see. Or you can do Tucson or something, too. Yeah, whatever we could talk about our personal plans away from this so you got any last words anything you want to like share what the crowd, you know, follow me or any of that kind of thing. You have sponsors. What's up? Yeah, I have no sponsors Hammer sucks bonzers. Just throwing it out there guys. Don't do hammer if you want to get sponsors. Yeah if you want. So don't just switch your pants immediately. But yeah, I mean if you guys want to follow me on Instagram lately, I've been active on there more than other social medias and two other Hema guys, like I mean the u.s. Hammer it's getting better. I really like to see that the I'll be watching the American trials this year is going to be crazy. I think it's going to take well Cuba. It's going to take 77 meters to make it a team. So hopefully gonna be there at least I mean, that's that's my guess. It's my my gamble guess. Yeah, we'll see 177. I don't know. It depends I think several have that. result going in Yeah, we know you think it's going to be less. Yeah, well mostly think I think trials will be a battle of placing I think results will happen before that. Maybe maybe right that's just experience. Yeah experience talking. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah, it's funny when you talk about like it's Olympic year and people usually tend to do more than before like they really want to add something extra. Yeah, and that's that's one day hurts themselves like physically hurt themselves, but maybe this is why is like the maybe they'd be too much it's called. That's right. I mean, yeah, the Olympic year is kind of the year. to minimize and like I don't know what's my word but like to to really make kind of one or two things like really really efficient you know what I mean it's yeah I'm not a bunch of stuff so it's very I've seen I've seen it many times like people try to do too much and it's just by the time the season comes you know June July it's yeah it was yeah just over you gotta be smart about it well yeah I mean just just train hard strange smart and throw far that's it that's all it matters and get some light helps out of him where is make friends from all over the country sorry worker what I meant to say yeah maybe got friends all over the place man like this this sport this board is truly amazing yeah anyway guys so I think we'll cut it there unless you got something else to say like share subscribe do what you got to do you know or don't it's all right thanks thanks for having me get again it was it was Fun. Yeah, thanks myself. No problem, man. All right, man. See you later. Bye. All right, everybody. I hope you enjoyed this last episode. If you did, please don't hesitate to like share subscribe do what you got to do. You can find me on my social medias more TL kidwai on Instagram with Johnson Twitter Facebook. Email it's all out there. If you have anything else, let me know.