Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we foundMice in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really spoken to you and had an actual conversation with you in a week and a half really we've had a couple of conversations here and there but you've been working pretty hard like you're weak like your last week and a half has been really busy. Yeah. This has been a busy call week for me explain to them like what call week actually later probably. Okay. So because I always say that like Christmas on call but like was that mean yeah, so it basically means as it sounds I'm on call for after-hours procedures at the hospital. So if there's an emergency that comes through and that someone needs an emergency procedure done that falls under My wheelhouse then I get caught I get called about it. And then if I think that it's appropriate then I will call my team in and we'll go do the procedure on the patient after hours and it's kind of limited to sort of more like life-saving stuff. It's stuff that's just can't wait till the morning. So the nature of that is is very hit-or-miss so I could have a pretty easy call week where I don't get called in at all or I could just get hit like every night with you know, emergencies the pop-up and you're sort of at the The whim of chance statistically speaking, you know, I probably there's probably a 50/50 chance for a given call week that at least one of the nights. I might get called in for something at a sort of a late hour. But sometimes I go by and call weeks and it's just a matter of staying at work a little bit late to finish up the work but I don't actually have to come back in the evening. So it's hit or miss ya this week was kind of like a little bit in the middle because I feel like you had to stay at work late. Probably almost every night this week. Yeah, and then you got called in a few times. Yeah. Then two nights this weekend so far. Yeah bit in past midnight. Yeah last night you were until two o'clock. Yeah the morning and before she does. Yeah, then I forced you on Sunday to record this podcast with me. No, it's okay. We're hanging out. It's a nice Lazy Sunday. Yeah, totally. I love Sundays. I really do. It's a lazy Sunday. We're sitting in our living room right now. Just paint the picture here. We're sitting on our sectional facing each other this time on a comfy couch. Yeah, which before we tried a few different spots. The first time was on the couch in your office. Yeah, which wasn't the most comfortable because we were kind of like in this like awkward trying to face each other but not really set up properly in the second time. We were in our office. Hmm, and then this is sort of our third trial and this is going to probably most closely approximate the setup. You want to have down when we finish our basement Studio. Yeah, we're not going to have a sectional down there were probably going to have more like a real couch but because that lends itself better to filming videos, which is what we're going to be using that space mostly for but a sectional like this definitely Works better for podcasting because we can be comfortable and face each other. Yeah facing each other as I think key. Did you just do the Chocolate Rain move away the mic to Breathe No, I did the Chocolate Rain move away from the mic to burp. I didn't want to make a noise because I knew you'd get mad at me you slovenly Beast up. Okay. I'm such a piece of shit. So yeah, so we're up here recording the podcast today because we're not ready. Our Studios aren't ready yet. We had a little bit of a hang-up as I mentioned earlier in this podcast. While you were just doing the mic. Yes. Okay. So for anybody who hasn't followed Along on our YouTube channel or basically turning our unfinished basement into multiple sets for filming YouTube videos recording podcasts Etc. We how far we now you've got the we basically have the walls plastered as of right now the rider plastered primed. We just had the pest control guy in and you got the floors basically sealed. Yes, but we ran into an issue where there were some mice droppings in some areas there. Some is an understatement. Okay, so there's there's a plethora of maestro my shit. So the liver plethora actually means that there's an abundance of choice to the point where it becomes cumbersome. Well, you know what the abundance of choice is where I'm going to have to sanitize first. Okay. There you go. So plethora of sanitization option. Yes, exactly. Yeah, so we found a lot of poopy the word poopy is so funny poopy. Okay for a lot of poopy. And a lot of mice ranging and death times from like full skeletons, like nothing left on it but a skeleton all of the meat and flesh. I want to go little skeleton tent. Okay. Well anyway, skeleton skeleton. I found it. I found multiple mummified ones. Then I found one that still had fur intact one that almost burned our house down and the one that was pretty scary. That was really scary. I don't think we told that story ever like at all. Yeah, so, you know in a nutshell. She'll there was a dead mouse on top of the Furnace but right next to the because it's we have a there wasn't the furnace it was on top of the water the water heater your water heater and the water heater is gas rights with a gas water heater. So there's a little like chimney hat on top. I guess that vents the Heat and exhaust away. I get I don't know how those things work, but it's hot there. Yeah, so then it's very hot. And I guess the mouse got too close. So the reason why the mouse was there I guess. Is the previous owners of this house had a mouse problem which is why we're finding skeletons in traps up on like the top Place absolute insect traps. We didn't say that exactly and we only found them because we started renovating the basement. We were on the step ladders or a painting and suddenly we find poops and then suddenly, oh there's a trap here. Okay. There's a mouse like a home inspector found a couple. They're like, yeah. It looks like there was a mouse problem. I don't know if that's still a thing. If you want to go Percy if this is going to be a reason you don't buy the house then whatever but right, you know, you can you can call an exterminator. Later, basically, but we had no evidence of like new mice and we never really liked spend a lot of time in that area. And for whatever reason they're only in that area. I haven't seen any poop or anything literally unfinished part of the basic. They know that will serve our evolutionary evolutionarily advantageous for them not to come in contact with us because they probably know we're going to kill them, right. So anyway, so I'm assuming what had happened with this mouse was that there was a trap set up in the red like on top of the wall because the ceiling is I'm - so I'm assuming that there was a trap up there that a mouse came in got trapped in the snap from the trap force the trap on top of the water heater and it must have like rolled to where this event was. So we're sitting here in the living room when I was like 10 or 11 o'clock at night and suddenly our fire alarm start like going crazy and we can smell this like burning but we don't know where it's coming from. I mean the house is pretty big. So we're like, we're okay a what is what's burning so Going around the house and we're sniffing and we can smell stuff kind of coming up through the vents and in the basement so we can kind of pinpoint the smell to like it's like basically under my office. So we go downstairs and like the fucking Sirens are going nuts and we're following the smell and then we come to where the smell is coming from and there's this dead mouse in a snap trap that's like singed on top of the water heater and then there's like a booklet but also someone left the instructions for the a water heater on top like a paper booklet, but inside like a plastic sticky back, you know, like the the address like the FedEx address label holders there like a plastic holder on the front and hold like papers. They left that on top of the water heater. Yeah, and so that had singe marks on it. So I don't know if it was from that but it'd be weird like that was there since we moved in so why would it all of a sudden ignite right now right unless like the mouse hit it and it smells like dragged it or something with that could ya nose because when I Here with the pesky he was looking and he was like there was like some plastic in the corner and he's like, oh that's a mouse. Oh, they like bring little bit sprung bits of stuff. Maybe he was trying to haul that off into his lair. Yeah, or I don't have no I have no idea. But anyway, it was really scary because like had we not been home that could have been Really bad it never made a fire. It just kind of I set the alarm off. Yeah, that wasn't enough. I guess cinge enough to have enough smoke to ya cause the fire alarm to go off which is scary. Yeah, it was scary. So anyway, then we kind of been here and scratching and stuff in the wall. So we call the Exterminator they came in and they set like 30 fucking traps in the basement and like with in like four hours. I went down there and there was a carcass in a trap. So there you go. There's only been one so and we haven't heard any of my sins. So maybe we just that one little guy. Well, I don't know we just Sat down here and I started hearing something in the corner there. You think you hear things cause you're mine runs wild it does. Yeah, and I really hate mice. I don't mind them that much. I think the high cute actually no, they're so disgusting and they're full of like salmonella and bacteria, what would you do if I took a mouse and then tied some floss around the aerial at what and made a marionette puppet out of it and like when you were in woke you up with it just like scratching it on your face your the actual worst. Yeah, and then I get like a scratch my face and get infected and I lose half my face only worth it, Tony. But can I tell you something the other night? I had a dream after we found that Dead Mouse. I had a nightmare if I'm clocking morning that was in the basement and there were all these like giant squirrels and rabbits and mice like Furry Friends drawing up in traps dead in the basement. It was like a fucking scene from a horror movie. I literally shit myself and then I will I didn't I almost shit myself and I woke up and it was five o'clock in the morning it I felt like there are mice all over me. Like I felt like I was crawling and like I couldn't say it was off. All it did not happen to me. No, but you know what did happen to you what you definitely ate a rogue piece of something off the couch last night. We ready. Yeah, we ready burritos while watching TV and a piece of cabbage had fallen out of my burrito. So I like put it on the ottoman right in front of me to go throw away later. So it's this weird little chunk of white stuff. What is that kind of moist and squish it was definitely more than special because I picked it up and I was like, what is this thing? That's moist and Squishy sitting on the couch. So I took it and I was like, ah, I don't know. know what it tastes like All I can do shake my head and she's looking at me. Like what are you doing? That could be anything, you know, that is spit it out spit it out. You didn't bring your dog's mouth eats. It rolled piece of moist thing on the couch mystery moist our misery moist object. You ate it mystery moist morsel Triple M. And then you pick something else up off the ground and 8 Bit And I was like, I don't know what the fuck is wrong with. Yeah, so I was about 85% sure that that was the cabbage for my burrito, but I thought I'd be like a good joke. Oak and as soon as it crashed out, okay, that's the Cabbage so I knew it so my plan was just one doubt if it was my plan was a spit it out if it if it didn't if it if it like in my mind if it's like this is not compatible with cabbage then I would have spit it out but it totally was it was crunchy taste just like my burrito is like okay. I'm happy. I'm okay with this and then there's like another chunk of something like ground is wrong with you. You're like, what is this? Like? Well, I have to keep the joke going but I actually have no idea what this thing is. So I took that thing that was a true mystery object this Disgusting and it kind of tasted like burrito, but I'm not sure if it was like leftover burrito read out. It was anyway looks like a crumb like a cookie crumb or a boogers anyway, so anyway, so it kind of tasted like the burrito. So at this point I have there's probably around a 65 percent probability that it was part of my burrito. But I don't know for sure Chris. What the fuck is this episode people come for like photography stuff in there. Like why are these people talking about eating random cabbage off a couch, like nothing. We're just talking we were just talking because we haven't we haven't seen each other. Like I said, we haven't so like we're just having a casual conversation the last four episodes of feel like I've been very happy like talking about life jobs jobs. Let's fucking lighten it up and I do want to ask you a question. Have you seen or heard about the rumors about that new Cannon? Five or whatever the fuck it's called. You just said we're not going to be about photography. And here you are making him a photographer making it up I've heard so I've been Loosely following it. I'm not I'm not really in the market to buy a scanner mirrorless cameras. I'm interested to see I don't follow all of the camera releases and less I'm in the market to buy a new camera, but I have been hearing things on Twitter. I'm getting tagged in things on Twitter. So annoying. Are you going to switch back now that cannons going to release this camera gear does not matter I don't care. Care like I care. I think it's interesting and I think that cameras are going to I think this year cameras are going to be really incredible the cameras that come out. Yeah, but like I don't care man, like I'm not I just bought a new Sonic it like I'm not switching back to Canon because we're still shooting 1080 man. Listen, I can't shoot 8K. My computer is from 2013. She's a senior citizen. She's the secret she is a secret fucking shut down on me twice a day. I had to like hard reboot it like three times the shutter on man. Shut up. And 4K footage like add 1/4 quality and I'm still having have to close Chrome. Don't tell me to get Final Cut. That's another thing Becky. No, don't tell me to get a PC. She get don't tell me to get Final Cut. Don't tell me to switch to a different brand of camera because it's not going to happen Okay, okay, but really though you should give up easy. So I actually I this might be a good segue into an update on my PC. Oh, yeah, so So I've been always telling Becky look you'll get way more bang for your buck. Just get a PC Apple has neglected the pro-market. This was now this is before they release the long-awaited new Mac Pro. Finally, which still is insanely expensive. That's my next purchase. But also its way to expand. Yeah $60,000 for the I'm not painting obviously. Yeah, that's like a fucking car. Let's look how nice car as that's a luxury car this like a goddamn Tesla Model X. No, it's not. Well, how much is the model X? You're going probably I think they are they still they start at 80 like this, but then you'll be over a hundred if you add on all the bells and whistles. Well, it was actually very serendipitous because I've always been saying Becca needs to get a PC and she's like one of the ways is serendipitous by the way, serendipitous. Yeah. There's some words you say I really like model X costs. Eighty four ninety nine nine nine zero. Oh, I was right. It was in the 80s. Yeah the base. That's the base package, right? I think that after you came up. Yeah, if you add on all like the super whatever it's probably over top tiers will be over a hundred right so maybe It's like the model 3. I don't know anyway model 3 starts at 30. I think to model threes for the venue does not continue. So yeah, so so Becky's always say, well you get a PC. It's like I don't need a PC. I don't you're the one who does all the editing I come home and just use my computer for random stuff. But with all the Drone stuff I've been doing lately. I've been doing a lot more video Work. Hmm, and it's been nice because we did that collaboration with Nvidia and they basically supplied move from their tops your laptops. They did not sponsor this episode by they dismiss that this episode though. But I was you know, it's always been I've been using Apple since you know the early 2012 hell since 1994, I've been using apple right but I really kind of got into when I got the Jeep the Power Mac G4 quick silver edition that was around when you got that or like I started coming around just that was a beginning of a relationship. Yeah. Yeah, so I was probably like 2001 issue because I remember your Sony Vaio that you had out in your back study. Yeah. Yeah exactly. So I had the Quicksilver G4 and I've been using Apple ever since like That's almost 20 years now. That's crazy. Anyway, so switching over, you know, I use PCS at work. So I'm not unfamiliar with the you know, the the operating system like you've always had that your platform agnostic and platform-agnostic. It's just a computer is a tool like you and go fuck yourself a piece of shit. It's like Rusty. So I think that, you know Since switching there are some quirks And not that they to be unexpected and this is all way it kind of reinforce what I've always thought is that you pay a premium for ease of use and things quote unquote just work. Yes. Yeah. I have no interest in like troubleshooting computers building computers having to like make workarounds. Like I just want things to work so I can just be creative and get my ideas out and get them completed. Yeah, but I mean in a closed ecosystem like an apple if the hardware is not up to scratch then you're doing workarounds because you can't you'll have enough power proxy. He's right. So that's a whole nother. It's this is sort of like Balancing Act Right This is happy medium. So I found that the computer works great, but the inherent limitations of an operating system is just so it just feels very clunky. Yeah, like all the lot of the user interfaces and the expiry user experience. Like I'll open up an Explorer window and there's like a million different like boxes. Like there's like a play button. There's I'm sure you can customize all that because that's I think what that's what they taught themselves is that it's Very customizable when it's flexible, but you just open up just looks doesn't look as nice. Yeah, which is fine. I mean it's usable but then you know, I'm used to doing certain things like dragging and dropping files into an open file dialog box. Like say if I hit import on Premiere. Yeah, and I'm used to just dragging something from Explorer into that window and it automatically goes to it. But in the windows it copies it to that folder. Wait what? Yeah, you know. Oh my God, that would be so frustrating right? So sure I can drag and drop stuff into the import box, but it's just a matter of like, that's how I Bring that into my workflow. Yeah, and it's just something that I was used to being able to do. Hmm. And another thing is like quick. Look. I'm so used to like file going through file browser in like hitting spacebar to preview some plug-in for that isn't there right? So I had then go find the plug-in right? I Googled it foul. Oh, there's a quick look plug in and it works pretty much the same as on Apple. I think Saturday she did a full video didn't she about like all these random workarounds and she was like, here's a list of all the things you miss. She did to me and I hit her up on Twitter. I said find me a workaround for this drag and drop into the file system, but I think that's an inherent like Structural thing within within windows so it's not like there's an easy fix I would imagine. Yeah, if anyone's listen to this help me out, but you know, it's really funny. So I have like weird feelings about your PC because when I sit down to use it, I feel like a brand-new person to computers. Where is finder? Where are the files? Like I can't I don't understand the whole like wind. I guess. It's just a matter of like doing I'm sure if I used it for a week I get used to it and all that stuff is just the differences because you're not use the operators in my shop. It's like I know how all those like C program files, right? So for me, I guess what I'm saying is I did edit a video on your computer once because you were working on it and I just had to be easier to continue working on your computer rather important over it was so it was a joy because everything played back at full quality. I could play 4K footage I could edit while it played back and I could even edit like GoPro footage without having to like render it out into a different format. It just worked but me being so so inefficient with the operating system took me twice as long to do things because I couldn't find where the files were. I didn't know how to import stuff in like there's just this rant these random things that I'm so used to Second Nature that happened with my fingers on my Mac that I could just do without thinking about yeah control versus Command. Yeah, is it a command tab? Like, I like command tab through all of my apps all the time. There's easy for for for Windows users for Apple users going to Windows because the alt button is roughly where the command button is. So you see don't command Tab and Actual do alt tab. So it's that that's the same. Yeah, but doing like copy paste instead of doing what's so look at role in the committee again. I use PCS probably more than I use apple because I use them at work. So I'm used to the control control C control V for all that stuff. I just haven't used it in so long and I know like whatever used to works, you know, you miss airdrop and there's another solution but it's just like so I haven't had it been able to use airdrop. There's been no good Solution that's as slick as airdrop, and I've tried using People like suggest like oh just use dropbox or just use Google Drive. It's just some same because you're the route through the internet. Yeah, and they had the way for it to upload and you have downloaded versus. All right. It's not a direct connection from your computer to your phone. Yeah. There's another thing called Snap drop that I was trying but I can't get it to work. I wonder if it just doesn't work. Yeah, that sucks. I wonder if you had like an Android if it would work. Maybe it maybe it might but I so my if you'll notice on your desktop, there's a Chris files folder Chris. Have you seen my desktop? I have not noticed true true. Anybody like I love organizing and and I have a lot of OCD but when things look good, but fuck. I'm so messy and my desktop looks like my closet looks like my office. It's a fucking shit show disgrace. Your face is a disgrace. I know you tool. Okay. Are you that one on you? Yeah, there's there's a folder on your thing. So I have my computer networks to yours. I just drag and drop stuff on your computer. So I literally just have a shortcut on my desktop that goes to that folder. I just drop things in that and I are drop it from your computer to my phone, but still It's like that time man. I don't know. I've you're definitely way more like techie that like in our relationship. You are the tech support the Asian tech support. This is races. You can't say that I you said it. Okay. Well, you should rephrase I said tech support and you said Asian, so right but you then agree with me in that makes you a racist. Okay, you are the tech support. I know like enough about things that I can probably I know that if my computer shuts down and it's not going to boot up. I hold option. I can boot from the drive whatever, but I don't know enough. About computers to like fix a lot of things. Well, that's when let me Google it for you.com comes in. Well lucky how many times I use that website at you a lot. Anybody who's like, you know this go to let me go after the.com and then you type in what you want to Google for them. So say how to remove my Windows computer and then reboot my computer you dick and then it spits out a link that you send to the person and it gives an they click on it and you can shortness. I don't know. There's let me Google that for you.com. And you click on it and it pulls up a window and it says let me Google that for you that it puts it passive-aggressively types it into Google and then animates the clerk's cursor to hit search and then it pulls up the Google page and then says now was that so hard. You're right. I definitely I mean I definitely have because I know that you're going to do that. So I have Googled and fixed things myself, but sometimes there's things that I'm like, I'm a nervous learns a shame. Yeah exactly. I owe you. Listen you teach me grammar by learning You by public shaming me on Twitter. It's true. Anywhere, it has a workout. Just have you learned your versus your or there there there. I know the difference between there and there in your yarn or but the problem is that I personally to have an idea but you're you're you're you're into to to but my problem is I'm like, oh I have an idea for a tween. I type it and then I like don't read it back. I don't proof it and also like the letter singer just shapes. So like when I so when I okay, I booked an airline ticket for you the other day and I had to physically go n n i I see like I had to look at your name and then make sure that I spelled it right because I don't know how to spell your own husband's name. No, I do I do but I it's a shape gotcha. Yeah interesting. Maybe that's why your designer and photographer and videographer. That's why I was shit at school and I'm not science seeing that I don't actually comprehend a lot of like things. Some of the stuff that you tell me about you have an inner monologue fuck. Yes. I do my minimal as possible because you always talk. I'm at now. We're going to take a quick break and after the break it up before we take it. Okay. There's one more thing. I want to say about the PC thing. Oh, what? Oh, yeah. So with the PC thing you talk about compatibilities and have to troubleshoot stuff. I still Not get beta flight for my drones to communicate with my drones one. I tried the whole point of you getting PC was that so you could like build your drums. And yeah, because there's a there's a well there's a program be heli, which will it's like a utility program that will allow you to switch the motor directions without having to resolder things which only runs on on PC right but I can't get the computer to recognize the Drone via the USB. I don't like I've tried to be installing the drivers. I tried using other people's drivers I try and do I've tried all these I can't get my Windows 10 computer to interface beta flight with my drone. It just doesn't work. Well, you know what? I don't have a solution for you because I know you don't but like like I said you I plugged it into my your laptop your Apple laptop with a windows partition. No, I didn't I didn't use it. I use it on the OS 10 version of beta flight. I don't have the beat. There's no be healthy for so I actually have to manually reset of the wires if I want to switch the remote erection, but beta flight which I would I use to program the Drone it Else like have all the settings in it and calibrate the radio and stuff. I can't get that to work on my PC. Just I can't get it to recognize it and it just plug you plug in an apple and just boom pops up works. So there is that definitely is a downside of PC and there's no doubt about it. I think there's upsides and downsides to both platforms. It's just like cameras. It's like whatever you prefer whatever works. It's like who fuck? Yeah exactly. There's pros and cons to everything. All right. So on that note. Yeah, I want to take a break, but then after I need to like I want to share something that I've never talked about on the podcast before I would you see Jesus Juice Delta juices 16. Yeah. I want to share a little something a little deep dark secret that I haven't talked about before publicly. Okay, you know about it though. I'm curious. All right, we'll be right back. Okay, Chris. I need to come clean about something before you do that what you mentioned something a phrase bouncy juice. 16 people are you be like, what was what was that? There's somebody added me on Skype years and years ago and their username was bouncy juice is 16. It's just been a really good. She's very funny joke like any time was just like oh, what's your name is like, is it bouncy juicer? 16. Do you do you under like who the fuck is bouncy juice is 16. Like that's just if you are listening right now, please please please. Yeah. I need to know who you are. Okay. So back to my deep dark secret. Okay, I don't believe in presets. Oh that Big Deck. I totally forgot what you're gonna talk about. This is really shocking. You don't believe in presets. Okay. Yeah, tell me what do you mean? It's like you don't believe they exist. They're just a myth. I don't believe in using presets. I don't okay. Yeah. So we've gotten some comments have people who want us to sell presets and I am very passionate about not wanting to sell the presets. What are you worried about? Let's unpack this not that I'm necessarily worried about anything. I feel like I've spent I've been shooting photos since I was A 12 so 15 16 years and if you like over that time, I've gone through a lot of changes and growth in my photography and stages in my photography where I would try a new technique in editing or lighting or whatever and then I would do that for a little bit and then I learned something different and so my style was like ever-evolving kind of thing and I spent a lot of time learning my craft practicing changing things figuring out what works for me. So I think for me with presets and I don't want to offend anybody. But please tell me what you think about this. I feel like if you're a photographer and you just started and you can kind of shoot photos, but you don't know how to edit and you buy somebody else's preset and you put it on your photo that photo is no longer yours. It's yours and the person who's preset you bought and I know that not all presets work perfectly on every photo. They're kind of like a starting point and then you kind of tweak them but still like you didn't come up with that. Look the person's preset who you bought came up with that look so therefore they're doing half the work. And if you are a professional and you're charging people for your work and you're using people's presets, I don't think you should be able to charge for I just don't think that it's right and I don't know if it's me being like a purist coming from like I shot film I learned on film got into such you did you develop your own filming. I actually did develop my own film a couple of times. So would it would the equivalent be in the film world? If someone didn't do their own developing its kind of doing their own post work then it's not really they're not really doing the full. They're not really a professional. Yeah, I would think so. Okay. Yeah interest because when I started shooting photo and this is just my opinion one person's lonely opinion when I started shooting photos on film I was learning still. So if you take away film and you put in digital photography and you're learning how to shoot photos You're putting them on your computer and then you don't edit them. You're just posting them. However, just out of the camera or whatever. It is what it is. If you take some of these preset and put it on your photo and you compare that to somebody else developing your film and you're still learning that that person is basically given you like a starting point to your edit and major photo. Look the way that you want it to look but you don't really know how to achieve the result other than clicking other than clicking. It's to Becky exactly. I think it's fine to like learn from that. Okay, this is What my photo could look like with this process but then not taking it a step further and understanding what that preset is doing and then learning how to do yourself. I think it's just like hindering growth in photography. Well, I guess it depends. Yeah, I see I think this is sort of this is this is going to be very polarized topic because I could argue both I could play Devil's Advocate and say well, you know, this is just one more way of Outsourcing, you know, like if you're doing a film if you're can you call yourself a filmmaker if you're a director, but you don't know how to use the camera or you don't How to edit or you don't know how to do color and post like all that stuff gets sourced out, right? So are you still a cinema a cinematographer someone who is like a DP is still considered DP if they don't know how to call other video footage. Yeah, so couldn't a photographer still be a photographer if they don't know how to color their own photos. I mean, I think that's a good point. I think it's hard because when you're in to like cinematography, I feel like there's so many areas. You can specialize in like you have dudes who just pull Focus itís like that is their specialty whereas like most photographers the best boy, by the way, are you key grip in the photography world most of the time unless you're doing like crazy compositing and Commercial work like most times the photographer shoots the photo they had at the photo unlike you I guess that's kind of the yeah, it's different unless you're like a big agency. Yeah, very few photographers hand off their raw files. Yeah, the vast majority would say that that's just not something you do. It's like just like photographers never give their Right back in the days of film. So I do think the industries are different that respect. So I I I can see did that I agree with you on that part. Yeah, because I feel the same way, but I'm just trying to play devil's advocate here and I don't like I don't think there's anything wrong like if somebody else wants to sell the presets like more power to ya like, I think that's fine. And I don't think any less of anybody for doing that but but it doesn't work all the time to know it doesn't preset doesn't work on every photo. No, I just I don't know. I just don't. I just don't believe in them. I think yeah, and I think you should learn your craft like learn how to edit. I think the essence of the argument comes down to misrepresentation. Yeah, because everybody wants to sort of front like they can create this this imagery and a big part of that creating the imagery is not just shooting the photo or having the eye but it's also being able to know how to manipulate your Imaging and post. Yes, and that's a big key part. That's Shrouded in mystery for a lot of people right and it's gotten to the point now where people figure out oh the easy way to do it is just by a preset or by a lot but people don't realize because how many times people assume we do that ya know people assume people assume that a preset did you? Yeah, I was like, oh, what did you use for this? It's like bro. I use I use a Sony utility light from log to rec 709 to get to a more normal gamma more normal contrast and saturation and then we just created it manually. Hmm, you know anyone who's not really into the photo video realm they might just think of these things as filters, right? Like what filter do you use for this? Yeah, but then realize that filters are a prepackaged look and people just assume that oh, we just thought those on it's good to go. But I do all my stuff manually. Yes same, you know after that it's just a matter of you color all the footage as per your vision. Yeah. Well when you learn how to use the tools and you can visualize what you want, you know how to get the look because you spent the time to learn how to get the get the look and how Manipulating one part of the curve or whatever is going to change your image and I think going back to photography. I think a massive part of Photography is visualizing the end result of your photo and that photo is usually in my head. Anyway is post-processed. It's got a look and that's what I visualize and that dictates how I shoot something or how I light something or whether I shoot it at at one point for or f8 or whatever. And so I think that a knowing how to get the look and not just You can preset but like being able to visualize what you want and then being able to achieve it. Like that's photography. It's not just taking the picture. I learn how your camera works and taking the picture but it's visualizing this conceptual look and then being able to shoot it light it and then edit it all yourself and understand what you do the whole way through so you're looking at being a photographer as the whole process. Yeah from it's not just the picture and sexualisation all the way to execution and the final image. Yes, not just the part where you click the button point the camera and click the button. I think that's still photography to I mean, I'm sure there's plenty of good photographers out there who don't edit their photos or videos and just the composition speaks for itself or the subject speaks for itself, but for me, I don't know if it's because I have a Graphic Design background. So I like to incorporate that like a look into my work that it all kind of plays together. It's like, how can I shoot this and like this and edit it to have it portray this certain feeling that necessarily my Across on our Instagram because I feel like sometimes we get caught up in the algorithm and posting on social media if you got to post a photo week and so well, I post a photo week on my Instagram. It's been weaker photo a day. Sorry photo day or a photo every three days like you're posting multiple times a week and I've gotten kind of caught up recently and I kind of realized this last night kind of went into this like deep remembering kind of where it not where I came from but like I get caught up in documenting life, you know and having to post a photo Because the algorithm and I don't remember the last time where I sat down and said like this is the photo. I want to shoot. This is the vision that I have is what how I want to light it how on and shoot it how I want to edit it and just executed it and I used to do that all the time just like have an idea for a photo and I would spend hours like setting up lights and making sure it's perfect and like actually shooting the photo and then manipulating it to have this like look almost like it was like a scene from like a film or something like that. Yeah. I think that that's kind of having a most a cinematic feel to you. Geography and trying to tell a story through it. Yeah and convey just the right imagery to evoke whatever emotions you're trying to evoke but you probably did that for a lot of your commercial stuff. But as well you had a lot of portrait projects used to do. Yeah, so I did definitely used to do that for a lot of commercial stuff and when I was shooting photos and not making internet content, like that's what I wanted to do. I wanted to real estate, but I also wanted to shoot these like editorial commercial photos that told stories of people like that's what I like to shoot people. And so I started doing this portrait project where I was taking photos of all my friends and family So eventually that I would like put together this book and as time went on and I learn new processing lighting techniques like my lighting got simpler my editing got simpler, but you know, you can actually see a massive change in my style over when I started the project till like when I kind of started slowing down in the project, but I love that and it's been I kind of forgot about it when we started making YouTube videos because you get caught up, you know in pumping out the contents interesting that the delivery platform. Changes the craft absolutely. Yeah, because it it automatically effect starts affecting the way you shoot what you shoot how you shoot because you're trying to Basically be a slave to an algorithm. Yeah, exactly and it's like I could post like, you know next week I could post three photos that are like photos. They're not Bangers by any means or my best work but their photos and they they're branded because I process them to look a certain way and it kind of goes back to like creating a look for yourself. We're like a brand, you know, we will make a separate podcast about that because I'm a big fan of that probably from having a design background. Like I like all of the things to like have a look. Yes, how do you make a how do you make a Looking a brand that's cohesive and unified but not pigeonhole yourself and keep you in a box that you can't get out of exactly and that's kind of what's happening to me. I really like the way our Instagram looks in the style that I've developed. I feel like I finally have like something that's mine that I've worked really hard and I think that's part of the reason why I don't just want to sell it to make money, you know to me you can't put a price on it, you know, if anyone took the time to watch any of our YouTube videos, like I've taught how to get that look you can easily achieve it if you know how to look at a photo. Go and break it apart and see what's happening there. So you clearly don't have an issue though with again trying to unpack your little brain. You don't have an issue with people having your look I think because you've made videos about how to get the look but I think what I have an issue about is people having the look without putting any effort into it and putting the time into actually learning how if you're going to call yourself a photographer and sell yourself as that, then you should know how to edit your Photos and you should not be using my looks to sell your photography fair enough. I see but that's probably a very purest is a very purist Outlook and I probably have a very similar Outlook to hmm. I'm just trying to kind of see I'm trying to unpack this for our for anybody listening just to kind of see what what your decisions are made are based on and I mean that's not to say like I'll never ever sell a preset but I like I don't don't expect them. I make presets for myself because when you're pumping out three or four pictures a week for Instagram that need to look the same you make your own preset. So you edit the one photo or the two or three or four or five photos that to have the look that you want and then you create the preset based on the look that you've made and then you put it on your new photo and then you too cute to have it look right, right. Yeah. It's easy for somebody to buy a preset and slap it on. Sure. So what about this this another way to approach it though our view it the way I kind of view life is time is money. Hmm, and it sounds cliche but You know the way our society works is that you trade your time for money and then you trade your money for things you need. So time and money are interchangeable. And then your exchange rate is based on how well you've carved yourself out and how much you can get for your time. Yeah. So someone is going to invest time by watching your free YouTube content and they're going to invest something that's of value to them to create that. Yeah, and you're okay with that, but if someone wants to take their unit of value which in this case was time now, let's say they want to take their A value which is money. Yeah, but they want to give you that money because they respect your work and they like you as a person and I want to support you. That's the complicated thing. It's nice that people would want to support you and give you the money so they can have the look that they like out of you but it's not about the money. You know, I just you're a purist. Yeah, I don't I could if I put out a pre if you told me put out your preset and you could make a hundred thousand dollars right now. No, like I put out a pre-sale. It's if you know what? Are doing it's so easy to recreate the look. It's I'm not doing anything. That's a very that's a very high in sight look at it though. Because for you it's very easy to look at it because I spent time learning correct the craft but even then I you know resources are there for free to learn how to do it. They are there. Yeah, but here's the thing. I don't I don't if you're using if you're a photographer near using presets and you're okay with it, that's fine. This is just my opinion. This is my purest but there are plenty of photographers out there who are selling the presets who are fine. That and is completely normal to use presets and I think over the last few years and maybe maybe it's because I started so long ago. I feel like people who start at three and four years ago presets are normal, right? It's become a normal part of normal. Yeah of the culture exactly because because well, I mean, let's look at that a little bit you've got the people who are looked up to as the Heavy Hitters on social media the social media photographers and video people. Yeah who are all monetizing and selling their presets. So they're Adding a message to Their audience that it's okay. It's okay by this. Yeah, I'm benefiting you're benefiting everyone. So and that's fine. You know, that's that's just how the industry has happened. It's just a natural evolution of it. Hmm But I think that I don't think anyone's ever really talk to people don't talk about though the not the other one see the ethics but you know, the finer points of using presets and the ramifications of what it looks like right, you know, the Optics of presets. No pun intended. Yeah. Well, let me paint this little picture for you. You have two people you have one person who has a business who doesn't really know how to shoot photos doesn't really care to learn but they want their photos look nice on their Instagram so they can sell their products preset Works in that scenario sure, but then you have a photographer who wants to be professional who gets hired by a brand to shoot a campaign and they want a certain look and that photographer doesn't know how to edit their own photos and uses presets, but the brand or the agency wants a certain look and they commit to it shoot shoot the camp. Pain and then realize I lit this wrong for the certain look or I'm going to use this preset but then it turns out the way they let the photo or the way they shot the photo or the colors in the background don't work with that one preset and then they're stuck because they don't know how to get the look that the client wants. Yeah and just like it looks bad on them as a photographer I did and that bill figure that out. They'll learn the hard way. I think that does also shine a light though on the fact that the barrier entry to get into the visual medium nowadays is so low. Is that an all-time low absolutely can create World-class imagery yeah on a cheap camera less than $1000 definitely and there's never been a lower barrier entry. Yeah, you know and also to to even look in the film versus digital people would use to have to literally invest thousands and thousands of dollars into burning film to just to learn when I started sharing photos of shooting on film probably for like two years before I got the original digital Rebel the 300D and I was like my Photos aren't getting any better. I am not my photos are the same shooting film as they were when I started maybe slightly better because you shoot your photos, you shoot an event and then you can't have this time passes. You forget what settings you use for if you if you didn't. Yeah, if you didn't write it down you forget what settings you used you go get your film developed and you're randomly changing all that. You're on the Fly changing settings. There's no way you're going to know what you use exactly and then you know, what I say is and then you're like girl shit and room numbers on the photos. Yeah. So it's not even like you could say like Photo number one was this little girl. Yeah. Well, yeah, I guess but I'm gonna before I remember shooting three rolls of film when I was like 16 17 and film was expensive and getting a develop was expensive as I could. You didn't develop your own film, you know, because I was just starting I didn't have a dark room. I actually I did develop a roll a couple of rolls of black and white in the darkroom and high school you remember that? Yeah, we rolled it ourselves. We developed it. I do remember. Yep. But anyway, so I'd get get a developed because I was just starting it's kind of like steps, you know, one thing at a time you learn how your camera works you figure that out. Okay. Now you learn how to edit you figure that out and maybe the step to learning how to edit is presets, but that's not that that shouldn't be the end result engine stopped at using what it is, but hath least resistance it is it's like, wow I can get pretty much I can get 90% there and put in ten percent of the work right or I can get a hundred percent there but have to put in 90 percent more work only to get the last 10% exactly. Okay, so and so back to what I was saying, so I went and got these It's probably sixty dollars to develop these like three rolls of film and I remember sitting in the car and looking through them being like none of these photos are good. These are all shit. I thought I had at least one. If not two photos. I had zero photos at a three rolls when I started and then I got my digital camera and suddenly I could see the back of the camera and I could see that when I change my f stop from like f Ford f8 what that changed in the image how that affected my Exposure My shutter speed how slower shutter speeds made photos blurry. Whereas when you're shooting film like you kind of knew but you know when you're shooting digital get that feedback in real time. It's not immediate. So you're getting this instant feedback when you're shooting digital and then I remember getting into Photoshop and I didn't want to really edit my photos because I was like, I didn't think that I was supposed to edit my photos. Like I don't think camera was that a cultural thing that was worldwide or was that only like a sort of microculture in Newfoundland? I don't really I don't really know. No, because any listeners who have been around shooting photos through like the late 90s early 2000s. Let us know because where we came from a lot of the older guys in that scene were very opposed to not post processing your photos Yeah. Well, yeah. Well when I started shooting photos, I was in a photo Club in st. John's and I you and me were the youngest people that yeah, the the the term no Photoshop was thrown around as frequently as hashtag not sponsored. Yes. Oh my You're right. No Photoshop. Is it hashtag? No Photoshop. Yeah exactly as if that was like a like a badge of honor that people would wear. Yeah. It was mostly probably because none of them knew how to use Photoshop right that a lot of people would be like, oh you did that's Photoshop. Yeah, but this was before the days of Lightroom and apple aperture. Yeah. Actually I listen to you a polar Pro they've made podcast they were talking about aperture the guess he had on worked on that app or something. Things are still in existence. So it's not they apparently Lightroom came out with it like around the same time. We're like aperture released. They were the classroom was getting products. Yeah Lightroom had been in works and then the after release and then they release Lightroom and then I don't know if the resources weren't there to keep up with aperture like Lightroom just like took off and just kind of took over. But yeah, this is yeah. This is before raw file management systems that could incorporate editing you of literally when photo and Camera run Photoshop you edit it. And then you edit your photo. I spent so many years just editing. Photos in Photoshop member bridge I'm going through in Bridge and you start your photos. You put it in a separate folder which had better native RAW support. So that's why I use bridge, but you couldn't edit your photos and Bridge you just view them. Okay, so coming back full circle. I think a lot of it comes down to perception and people having to put the work in. Yeah and people not want to put the work in but expecting maximum bang for their buck and I think when you put the work in and you've been doing it for so long you kind of develop this mindset right of how you Learned like I learned from like older photographers with these Puris mindsets like for a while. I didn't even think I was allowed to crop my photos now. I don't care so much but there are a lot of photographers who are older who very passionate about getting the shot in the camera and you don't crop. Oh my God. Yeah, but now with Instagram, I like prefer shooting most of my photos landscape style but Instagram kind of change that now you have the shoe portrait because another example of the game changing the rules of the game changing how you play it exactly. It's like when the I don't not a basketball fan, but The MBA brought out three pointers. Hmm. It changed the strategy of the game. Inherently. You lost me at basketball. Well, yeah, like two pointers and three pointers. Yeah used to be baskets worth two points and then they said, oh you shoot behind this line is now three points, right and you all of a sudden now fundamentally change like well if I can get you know, 50% more on my investment we're going to invest in people who can sink three-pointers and far away and changed the landscape of the game. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's just depends on when you got in to it and and who you're in Influenced by who you've learned from yeah, Instagram has created a bunch of portrait style shooters that shoot portion style. Yep vertical and I will say that I don't think that my preset is the best and that it's more valuable than anybody else is at and that's not what I'm saying because there are plenty of photographers who started last year who are better than me way better than me. It's not about that about hoarding something that I don't want. It's just I guess it's just the purest to me who just feels like You're going to edit your photos. You should learn how to do it properly. Yeah, so you're basically saying that you want to it's like you're like a motherly figure wanting to impart a hard lesson on all of your anybody. Who's it's exactly at who's following your work. Yeah. I don't think that my preset is like or might look I keep calling it preset like my look. My editing is like the Holy Grail like it's not about ego. It's not about thinking it's better than anybody it's not that at all. I just have this mindset of not wanting to sell the preset because I Believe that as a photographer, you should learn your craft. Holy and fully instead of relying on somebody else's hard work to make your photos. Look good. There you go. And I that also depends on see it's funny because I'm sort of straddling between I think I'm of a similar mindset as you but I also think that if someone's willing to trade their unit of value which is money or their time to learn it. They can they can trade their time to learn or they can trade their money. To get to an end goal, right? And so here's the thing. That's interesting is that money can change everything as we've seen in the past money can kind of fuck you up a little bit you dangle money in front of somebody and they'll change their mind set on a lot of things. No one has your present money. Yeah, and I think for a while there because people are like, you know, like you're missing out somebody comment there like sell your preset and I was like probably won't and they were like you're missing out on a lot of money and yeah, I might be and then it kind of gets in your head. Like oh should I sell my preset? Could I make a lot of money and for a while? I'm like, well I'm supposed to because that's what photographers do and then I realized like I don't need to be doing what everybody else is doing. Like I can hold my ground and stay true to my beliefs and what I think that I want to do and if I decide in 10 years or two years that I want to sell preset fine, but right now like it's to me I don't care about the money. I just don't I don't believe in it and I don't well for the record I do care about the money and listen, I would rather. Her cell a cord on this alive. I'm gonna sell my presets for everybody if I would rather sell a course or sell merch or something else instead of presets. And if you want to learn how to do it like we literally teach it for free like yeah, just learn it for free and then you've learned something I don't care about the money like you are a purist I capture is Peckham listen, and you know what? I'm holding my ground. I'm just going to go for it. There you go. Kick it out. This has been a very long podcast. I do. I did have one. Segment to throw in at the end of this but I'm kind of feeling like we should just leave it. Okay, maybe we can say for the next one. Yeah. Okay, cool. Well, I hope you guys enjoyed this. I have no idea what this episode was about except for me complaining about presets. I think was a chat sketch it up. I've been I've been on call for the last week. We had a very busy week very mentally fatigued in physically fatiguing and this is the first time that we've gotten a sit-down with only two interruptions. Yeah, and I think it's interesting to chat about the preset thing and I really Appreciate your perspective and Playing devil's advocate because it does make you think a little bit, you know about both sides to it. And I hope I didn't offend anybody because it's not meant to offend anybody. It's just I just wanted to share my simultaneously offended every photographer who sells the presets and every photographer uses presets that my god did I know I'm just kidding but it's this is just my thoughts. Like there are people who just started who are a hundred percent fine with buying presets and using it or you know, and more power to you if that's how you Think like you're your own person. Yeah a businessman. It's like, how can I get the most bang for my buck and lat it's like law of diminishing returns, you know. Yeah, I like and I just really like editing. Like I said, I like to visualize a shot and then know how to get the look even if it's if it doesn't match my Instagram feed I like to know how to manipulate my photos myself. Yeah. I like fly manual drones. I like flying helicopters over autopilot and some people just like some people like to drive stick rather than automatic. That's a really good comparison. All right on that note. We'll end it here. All right. All right. Well, thanks for listening. And if you have any questions for us or suggestions on topics hit us up on Twitter at Becky and Chris and yeah, we'll see you on the next one.