Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the Just let me know. I'll go your licenses. That's why that's true. Yeah, good point. Yeah, that's true. So, yes, we can you can have our autographs Joe. It's it's okay. Anyone else wants your autograph we do charge but it's not much get in touch. I'm happy to send them off 30 pounds. There's a think that's a fair price don't you better is a bit cheap cheap. How much would your well how much is yours 50 at least 54 Seuss? I'm a more generous 34 mine. So, you know, okay, Joe. Would you like to start charging for your autograph? Outside attention really you just an attention seeker. Yeah, that's fair after this. He is going like art like like the street show can cry Facebook page. There we go. Yeah, I do I do. Okay Street Shotokan karate and Somerset applied. Karate. That's right. AKA sack. Yeah. I thought about doing that for our one but it does doesn't work. So we can't do that second CAC. That's not what expels definitely know. I mean I was I can say the other one. We're not saying the other one the reasons we've already said we like a very like a program to go everywhere. So your imagination go upsets me is that you can't spell that. Okay. So in the morning, I haven't had a having anything. I've had any breakfast you been offered. No, I know. I know I was offered may go so moving on moving on moving very very swiftly on for all of that. Yes, don't actually why don't you I was going to talk about the Andy kid course and we can and we will but why don't you just say something about the street Shotokan karate club and the applied karate club Association. Yeah. So what's going on with that so Street show can promote the the traditional aspects of key on catto Kumite, but it also brings in as well call it modern is not. Burp applied karate of bad work and bond guy. So we say it's modern. It's not modern. It's what we used to do before great. You got globalized so it would bring it back. So I like to think that we're teaching 5 equal segments of karate practice and Somerset applied gravity is was something I created last year as a an ambitious attempt to expand with the rubber gloves because I got quite a few black belts in the club and there's scope to train them up to be teachers and be able to teach this material hopefully across Somerset and then the world no, it's like Pinky and the Brain I'm gonna take over the world and I remember thinking the brain or is it just me. You must remember picking the break I love picking. Yeah. There we go. . Somerset? Yeah, Somerset first. Yeah, Somerset first global domination next. Yes. Yes. Yes 2021 global domination. What's this space this space? Okay. All right fair enough. So that sounds pretty good and yesterday so Andy Caicos? Yes that we talked about that. So I really wanted to go to that. I don't know why but something about the idea of learning how to win a fight in a in a nightclub blue really appeals to me. There was actually a discussion at the end of the course as to whether the footage should be put online of what we did. I think because it was that insane. Yeah, because I think it will be taken completely out of context of people that didn't go good on them. So what was the context? Okay, so the so I've been in the past. So this is like an environmental training session where we go to suju nightclub in Swindon Saxton. It's only Swindon and in the past it was we practice some some Street based applications and bunkai. Some sermon pad work drills and then the idea was is they set up what they call the gauntlet. So this was a to floored nightclub. So they were so one at a time then send somebody around the nightclub and all the other students would be put on a station or a simulation where you had to very quickly act out something that was done on that course. So if we practiced seven or eight drills or applications there be those stations all around all Sword Art around the hidden behind corners. And so whereas in the past it was the intention was to your mentally prepared for it. Whereas they change it at this time, and they said right we're not going to mentally prepare you for it. So they did all in secret. They got everyone to go off and they gave them all the drills and hit him in different places, but they did this time as the person was doing it. They gave him a load of cardio to do so push-ups squats load stuff on the focus mitts loads loads of kicks on the cake Shields span around a few times made him close their eyes and took them to one of the scenarios very quickly explain what they had to do and then you have to just do it. And it was insane. And I actually made a comment at the end saying that's the closest drill I've ever done to work in the doors to work in into working in nightclubs where you just got to turn up. This is what happened deal with it, but deal with it correctly and do it safely and There was quite a lot of it was quite realistic. So the guys in the in the in that sausage they like They like the proper scenario training they like swearing at each other and make it seem really realistic. They really get into character. I would love that. Don't worry. It's coming. So it's kind of the next best thing to those videos. You see where everyone puts all sort riot gear on they go in those padded rooms and they do load application, but it was the next closest thing to that. We're about to break anything because I was working like perform each other except for each other. Yeah. So one of the station's I was on and I stayed there because they because I was the biggest one there. They said right you can stay on. This one was basically I was on a corridor and they had the guy had to get through the corridor by I'd stand in the way with a thick Shield. They said well, you're big and heavy you can just wind them up and say right stay where you are, but nobody was attacking the kick Shield. They were going around the cake Shield, so I got elbowed in the head. I got need food. Eggs, somebody punched me in the head. Yeah, it's great fun. Didn't mind it. I admired their enthusiasm. It does sound good fun. I was I was at work so I can go but it sounds good. So yeah, it's good fun. There's there's big plans for the future as well sweet. There's those more courses more sort of scenario based and they use their using the term simulation training. So they're saying well, you know what? It's like to have a fight on a bus. Well, let's hire a bus find out. Yeah, that'd be great. Yeah, there's that there's lots of footage taken. I think they're talking about putting online with them. Yeah, and I best not be able to share it amongst ourselves in the group. Can they all I want to pray in private group that all about getting the CCTV footage as well? I'll be pretty that would be amazing show it to the doorman the work of that club. This is actually a job amazing. I'd love to see that. Yeah Wicked fun. That sounds really good. They were definitely I was got it I couldn't do that. Well, there was feedback saying that this was this kind of annual thing. It said we need to do it more often. Yeah, for sure. So there will there will be more it sounds like it's good not just for members of the public but of professionals people doing that security. Hmm. Anyone really? Yeah well for someone like myself who were at the doors for a good 10 years or so. Yeah, it was nostalgic. Did you find that you knew actually quite a lot? Compared to some of the others in terms of those clothes biting good skills because you've been doing patient's where the same as what everyone else is taught but there was one particular drill that wasn't taught that day, which was they got two guys to just fight on the floor and they said throw that guy out and that other yeah. Alright and I was in my element so so I just I'm so half-nelson demon threw him out the front door and and he went yeah, that was easy for you. What? Yeah, The rest of it all is our breath girl covid. I was hard really that one. Yeah easy it see about but lots of practice. I wonder how easy it would be for us. I mean you can cut this out while keeping this up to you how easy it would be for us to run something like that locally. Because when you got lucky you have to do somewhere where you wouldn't mind breaking anything because based on have any windows or rye right or that like I don't know if I've ever been to Kudos, but that's in well, that's fairly local Kudos could be is Kudos is a good layout we could is quite big. Yeah, but there's enough stairs and corridors and I just wonder if we if we had it. We got Andy to come down we did one. And there we can't do it Envy anymore because it's a very Progressive restaurant restaurant. So, I mean we could ask you know it what their opener Kudos be good shout. Yeah. What would be a really good one is Fat Sam's that's a really good class of that's quite small load corridors loads of little rooms. That'd be brilliant of to do a drill like that. Yeah, let's do it. Awesome. There we go. There's your chance to join in see what will run one ourselves. Nice. That's a plan. That's a plan. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we have a plan and if any of you who are oops, sorry everyone any of you who are listening who have done this kind of thing. You have some brilliant ideas. Send them in order come or want to come that's nice. Yeah more the merrier. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Well, that would be cool in the back. The money of course is running a course that people want to do especially when they suggest it. Yeah, although I don't do enough of this. Well, let's do that. Then I was going to say the end of this bar set. Now as I say, this is a Segway if anyone does want to come and train with us, then we'll put links to Street sure can some setup like Rio all of that. Mmm then Yeah, come and see us. Oh, we'll come and see you if you're not miles away. Okay, either all yeah, we kept saying we want to go and find a Jujitsu place as well. That'd be cool to do that. Yeah. Okay fighting in a nightclub doing some Jujitsu setting up course that all sounds like a plan. Yeah do that next week then. Yes, but all of it next week. Well, yeah, okay lot to do sweet music crash monster. I would invite you on in two weeks time Joe and tell us all about it. This episode won't be out by then, but we'll talk about it anyway. Got Website Layout. Oh cool send it to yeah, well. Yes, we are creating a website. Yeah, you have to do an Instagram page now as well. We have a link in the description. We didn't do on the face, but that would make a refreshing change because actually I don't have an Instagram account, but I could go do it conversations on karate at Instagram. Nope. Nope. Nope Instagram. I went and searched the conversations on Karate Instagram it gave me gave me all sorts of Tosh, but it did not give me our page that's gonna say something, but I'll keep it clean. Fuck you Instagram. How dare you not put us on Google. I think you might think you are. Okay. So if I keep that bit in you can feel the listen as I find a beep sound effect. I'll just say you open up a can of worms there. If you can beep anything I can make your job very hard to be better thing. I like I can beep anything. I like I can take when I'm Des comes on. We won't worry about the big you you need a beat button now, we weren't when Andy kid comes on cuz we did ask him at the Eating if he would come he would love it and and he and his face will come that all one of those what does come on you'll have to come on as well. Can we get another month? We can we set up another might now have to be my sharing you might be might see my breads it but game audio love it. No. No, he wasn't that he was worried about his language, you know, because he knew wouldn't be able to turn it off and that's completely fine and we just put out a warning it's all good club competition to see how many how many beeps there is in that episode. I would be pit. I would be fair we too. Hard and the music by the way, if you like that because you said you liked my music comes from purple planet, which have copyright free section on their website. All you have to do is acknowledge the use of it. So purple planet is where you get all sorts of genres of music so I could listen to it. Hey, I just look what all cyclists do on the on the podcast is yeah, but I mean is it You'd be like something terrible is missing for my life. Yeah, and I know what it is. So there's loads of why why why don't we randomly change at the music to like a a different genre? Why just for a laugh like one episode we'll have like a country theme like this others are like you can't see them having a little wiggle their line dancing right now across the studio, okay. I love do that moving on about rap version. Oh, yeah, you like you're right. Thank you. Yeah, and then we could do a metal version for this episode and I suppose that is a bit it is the metal. It is metal which is why Joe lycett. Yeah, isn't it had you want to give plug your band by the way? Yes, plug your band. Yeah, so I'm a bangle mirror. Grin Wells based hard rock metal band. I play drums and vocals. We got some gigs lined up this year Duhamel to the masses again this year, which is where and when so that's in its The somerset Heats ridden Bridgewater the cobblestones. Mmm. We're in heat one, which is sometime next month the 20th or 21st of February. We're playing with some fantastic local bands. And if you win the competition you and all the winners from all around the country all get to play a bloodstock open air, which is in Derbyshire. Okay, tastic metal festival. Yeah. I've got a friend that goes every year. Yeah, I've heard stories mental is a pretty metal line up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, how easy is it to put a different track in to the podcast at the end completely easy easy easy easy easy plants to attract and we'll work on the end. Yeah, I'll try to find one of the doesn't swear. NASA is one of your own. Yeah. Yes. That's fine. So long as I have permission. Yeah, we just we just like People listen to what we do. There you go. So stick around for the end of the episode. We will have on a Joe songs. Yeah. Okay, I do bear screaming. I find one more time singing like shouting at me Carpenters. Okay, cool, right then guys. Thanks a little bit different to the carpenters just full disclaimer. Anyone that's listening might be slightly different. Okay. I know it's not like Sabbath. I've read your comments about Sabbath don't like you didn't like Was it itchy? I don't feel like I make any derogatory comments about him in the moment based on his unfortunate recent news. He's just been diagnosed with Parkinson's. Yeah, so that's the real which is a shame. Yeah, I did got I did go to see Sabbath download Festival last year and it was I glad I went to see them. Hmm, but you could tell that everything was kind of slow down. For him. Mmm need that. I just didn't feel the same. I mean they they were so I don't know a lot people ones like really understand like the history of heavy metal but heavy metal when it started and like the 60s and 70s was not like metal. Now. It's got like because it has even like Led Zeppelin is described as heavy metal where you wouldn't think so you think they were just rock but in those days that was considered very very heavy. So you listen to songs like blacks. Both by Black Sabbath is very slow and dreary anything with this very heavy. But at the time it was so to have that slow down even more. Mmm. Yeah, it was kind of fun with socks off. Rocking from side to side very slowly. Yeah, rock and roll. Yeah. But now I feel for I feel for him. He's not a well man. Is he because it has been for a long time. So this next another thing the miracle he's alive to be fair. It really is but he's released another album and apparently he's going to be touring it. So I've got I've got admire his spirit. I have my respect. I always have he's kidding at that is living life to the absolute Max. Yeah. I've always admired that we know one is the end of all this when we look back on him. We're going to be like, yeah he Never gave up that it is extraordinary man. Yeah, I love him or hate him extraordinary person. It definitely done stuff his own way and I really liked Sharon as well. You know where you like Sharon present in the Grammys last night? No, I didn't ASL area was it wishing? I just heard on the radio on the way here. She's presenting the rap category. Yeah, but it just sounds so funny when she's trying to read these names. It's brilliant. I completely lost connection with pop music. Like even for someone that doesn't listen to pop music I'm aware of it. Like I don't I can know somebody but not listen to their music. But yeah, I don't whether it's the people their names they all got very unusual like codenames code eggs. It's a I guess yeah. I'm at it realistic to lot of Like six four dollar sign backspace be like, yeah, it's cool now. Yeah, that's my rap name. If anyone's listening to my mix tape. No, it's not. Okay took a turn that didn't it? I wanted a stage name, but I couldn't think of one. There was a ridge Sensei the set of State typical. Yeah, yeah. Thank you job done. I've done what I done. You're welcome. And on a consultancy fee afterwards. Okay, right then guys. Where should we go from here? Do you want to jump into myth-busting? Did you want to do MythBusters door? She we save that for another defecation. If you've got any myths. Well you want us to bus I was I was having a think about this and I was looking around at myths and I was thinking to myself as I looked at them. I was thinking these are actually kind of things that I've heard. Things that I've come across things that I think there might be some truth to but are perhaps taken to the nth degree, you know, so let's let's fly through a few of these and you can just give us your opinion go. Okay. You've got to be fit to start doing karate Joe. No, nope, Greg. No myth busted next one. No, it's an absolute myth that you have to be fit to start drinking that training. Yes, or that you have to be a certain age. Yes start doing karate. Go ahead and tear that apart. Yes Gratis. Well, I'll just cry martial arts for everyone. Rhapsody for any early age Eddie physical ability I'd even go to the extent of saying any mental ability that anyone could do grati. I mean we've seen you might have seen the video the guy with no arms no legs doing NP. Yeah phenomenal absolutely phenomenal video And that's that's a fantastic example that it anyone could do it. Brilliant. Okay, that's why I like karate though. Because like we said before there's something for everyone you might not be the best fighter in the world, but he might be amazing at Katha. You might not be good at cutter, but you might be great at Kumite. There's something for everybody. So just because you're not like the fittest person in the world. Well the youngest person in the world doesn't mean there's not something you can be amazing at does that apply also then to something like taekwondo because I know I think and I might be very wrong and you might know when I might not but Taekwondo focuses a lot on very high kicks, doesn't it? I mean modern Taekwondo does yeah, so does that apply then if you go to any Taekwondo class and you expect that I was I mean, I think most people's perception of Taekwondo. Is that kind of Olympic high kicking thing when I don't think really every Taekwondo clubs like that. I mean, I don't think every Taekwondo Club you go to is not going to be getting you ready for the Olympics. Okay, so I mean they still do Utter, they still do you know this part look similar stuff to we do we love that were most of their cattle come straight from sure can as far as I'm aware. Okay, correct me if I'm wrong anyone who's just like Wonder are there but I'm pretty sure it does. All right, we're not going to dwell too long on this one. Okay, because we've been here before. No. No, I'm reading it and I'm thinking yeah, we've been here before so I just don't want to dwell too long on it. So we just get this one out there karate is an effective fighting art Joe Craig, go for it. That's wrong. That was that was that was the bit that back didn't you you bit what you wanted to say it but I will say this if anyone thinks it's ineffective come and train come down and see us. Hmm. And yeah, okay. That's all we need to say. It's not an effective Joe add anything to that you happy to let that sit. It's all about what you're being taught in it. Yeah. Yeah, if you're not being taught and effective system. Go somewhere else. I mentioned on Sunday when we last Sunday when we were training that. There's there's kind of an alien said this on the podcast as well their self-defense, there's martial arts and there's fighting and traditional karate like through like we call it three cake, right? He's very good at the martial arts bit. So it's good at like this starkel stuff is good at making everything look really nice. It's not great self-defense, and it's not great. I mean why I say it's not gratifying it's not great at fighting in certain areas. So by that standard you could say yeah, you're probably right. It's not that effective. But yeah, like I said, it's what you're being taught if all you're doing is marching up and down in lines, then you're not going to be a great fighter. Whereas if you're actually fighting with karate like someone like Lyoto Machida or Georges st. Pierre amazing MMA fighters that have trained karate, but they've trained in the right way. It proves that it can be very effective. But you know, you should you should practice applied karate even if it's not on your syllabus. Yeah, I mean that's I think that's maybe what the debate is between one club to another or one Association to another as wherever pad work and bunkai belongs in the syllabus. Okay. So that relates to one that I haven't made a note of but actually does come up which is that applied karate isn't air quotes real. karate Who came up with these question? Did you who where did know where did you like? Where did you get them from? Where did you get this? I looked around online and put in the word myths and karate and found people talking about them and saying oh my God because I'm about to I'm about to go and and these are things that these are things that I've heard. You know that I've come to know that I had in my head. I've heard people say that Christ. I mean going back to what you said about the syllabus I think. One thing that I disagreed with Jeff on was Jeff did not like to change the syllabus much. He liked to keep it very kind of. Standardized and he would add stuff to the training but for the syllabus you keep it the same. I like I personally think the syllabus should change as and when you learn things because the syllabus is all a syllabus is is kind of your curriculum, but you don't go to a maths book of today and it's not exactly the same as a math book of 50 years ago. It would be ridiculous if it was like they'd be different things in there. So why on Earth the traditional Christ syllabus is still the same today as it was in the 60s is insane. It needs like it needs to With the time say like me and Joe have done, you know, the more you learn the more you add to it. I think it should be constantly evolving thing. Like I've gone off I can't remember what the hell we were talking about now for it. That's okay. So for my for my fourth time, I was told to write a thesis not for downloading something different this time. So I did a I did a show again lineage so from I think it was the fifteen hundreds up to about the 1980s and one thing that I thought was very interesting. Interesting about what I discovered is that when my training in martial arts was illegal. You had one one teacher and one student and that student become a teacher. Then that teacher would have another student then there was a period in time where I think was around the time when martial arts became legalized and then you saw this my lineage just went all scrambled. So we had you know, otsuka. Matobo Funakoshi Miyagi all training with each other. And then something went linear again, when all the karate styles were formulated. It went from straight line. Spaghetti straight line again. And when you when you go on applied courses they talking about that period of time where everyone was treating everyone want to train with matobo because he was because he was a very hard man. He had some very hard training exercises and everybody want to go and train with him. Probably the reason why I think it was otsuka who famously train with Funakoshi. He left he left hemisphere because he want to go train with matobo. So when we talk about Light gray a bike rack is not necessarily modern Granny. If anything it's more traditional than traditional karate controversial. Yeah, you've reminded me of my original thought what you because you said applied great is not real and I think there is some truth to that that what we might call up like right modern applied cry is not what they did in the 1800s why I mean because it's 2020, you know, like did they have Focus mitts in you know, the mid-1800s? Talking our no, but if they did would they use them? Probably? Yeah, of course, they would, you know the drills we do today like training in suju nightclub did their training suju nightclub in like an hour. No because they weren't in Swindon. But you know, I'm sure they did similar exercises do not I mean say it's I think the tradition of Christ is the spirit of what they used to do is I have to be exactly the same but training in that same kind of spirit is what you want because we're in a coffee in his books talks about doing like I've drills where he's grappling with people and he's like, oh, yeah, I used to Grapple with two or three people and they pinned me down and asked to try and get up. Yeah, you know, it's no different to what we do the rages raises the big question, which is if you have a karate club that does no kiyomasa and no Katha, so it's purely sparring pad work and bunkai. Is it crazy? Or is it exactly certain? I would say it's still karate. I think what what is gravity exactly? What what is karate? What is applied? Karate? What is combative studies? What what's the difference? If you got to two ends of the spectrum? Yeah. Yeah. Just try Woods trying to get to the middle Ian said, I don't know. If you said on our podcast ever heard on another one where he said that the term karate is like Athletics. So like you've got Athletics and within that you've got like running swimming like it's all completely different stuff, but it still comes under that one umbrella of Athletics and I think that's spot-on because you know, you say someone you do karate you could have five different black belts lined up and they will completely different at what they do and there's nothing that's not right or wrong. It's just what they do, but the issue I think like we've said before is where people don't differentiate that context. Yeah. Where it becomes a problem. But yeah, it's a pike right real course. It's real. All right, then the real work in karate comes after you're a black belt. Then you're a beginner. Then you really start learning. That's the beginning of the journey. I used to agree. Now I don't because I think I think this is what this is why I think this well, this is we're paying thing that this is the these are kind of maybe myths or maybe there's a little bit of Truth to them when I when I was reading that actually just really warm me up. I was thinking or what am I doing there? Yeah exactly. What have I learned nothing. Just what I've done me nothing. I got all like, oh, I think that I think that came from the fact, you know, when karate was kind of spread across World it came from the University system. So you had all these people training universities. They did their you know, however many years of University you learnt all these cutter and then it was like right go open a club go to Club and all they knew was this like we call it 3K karate, which is you know, I mean, I'm not kind of disrespect anyone but when you look at it, it's super basic to us now and super easy. Yeah, and even you would agree with that as well, it's quite basic. So I think that it's cuse of our yeah, but when you get to black but that's when you really start to learn is just a cop-out because people will probably go in this is quite like we're doing the same thing over and over again is that linked up to what we have talked about before and I've heard you mention this before which is just before we talked about it. I think this idea of you only start to do actual sparring after brown belt. That's when you're considered good enough at all of a sudden actual contact with people actually getting someone saying I don't agree with that I think You can do it from day one. No. No, I'm just I'm I'm agreeing with you I'm saying that is that links that sort of you you get your real learning after black belt because you only really start doing them really challenging things the emotionally physically challenging stuff. But after going back to like what we were saying to Ian on the podcast they like if someone could walk through the door and say, you know, I'm being some kid walks through long as I'm being bullied at school. I want to learn how to to kind of deal with this and protect myself. You're not going to say right get to be brown belt which is going to take you four years. Then we're going to teach you how to like you that's ridiculously what you can't say that you need a game we can either do this thing, but practically in three weeks time now over three weeks actually and also just stick with it because it's really good for same as you know, you get some I'm going to 65 year old woman walk in and go. Oh, yeah. I have to walk past this Alleyway every time I go to I can't avoid it. I need to walk past a knife. If don't feel safe there. Can you teach me something to help build my confidence? And you're not going to say train with us for five years get to first and then we'll teach you how to deal with it. Like it's just a it's irresponsible and it's just ridiculous when she could go to a boxing club and learn how to hit within five minutes. So yeah, I don't think there is some truth to your real training starts when you get to Black Belt because I think your level of understanding is at a level where you can really dive into your own karate, I guess that's maybe what I mean like Christ becomes your karate when you get to brown belt what template to Black Belt sorry? So I think you know for you you're coming you're approaching that now, so you're practicing what we're teaching you when you kind of hit black belt. That's when you're going to go right. This is what I like. This is what I don't like this is I'm going to keep I don't really like that. You know, I mean, there's why like where you put into the syllabus you choose a quatre to analyze and practice. Mmm you pick what's best for you, but you need the steps to get there. But doesn't mean you'll I'm just speaking from your experience of training with us. It doesn't mean you're learning nothing up until you get to Black Belt because I mean I said to you the other day when we were doing this bar in jail as I sit now every time soup squares in front of me. She looks like she's going to kill me with that that that wasn't the case. Even a year ago. I know. I know I said to you afterwards who didn't you two or three people have said to me like God you're aggressive when we've done night. Just just like tapping tapping sparring, you know tapping on the head and either side just this one game away from class going if I don't like it. I was really upset. This is one of the first ten minutes of Thursday night's class. It was just a gentle warmth and Sue squelches I can kill you and I was all right Jesus I didn't For anything of the so I just thought yeah that look in her eye though. And as I here we go see I don't know what to do with that. But that's a good thing. You know, I don't know what to do with it. I've had too many years of, you know, be nice if it doesn't mean you're not nice doesn't mean like I also have a signed up. I will kill you kind of vibe going I goes back to having that switch though. Didn't it that we've talked about before you need you need to be able to think to know what I think that's it. I think that is absolutely it. I know when the switch goes on. Yeah, and I do turn that switch on now. And I enjoy it now. So anyway, let's go back to the question. Yeah, real working. Karate comes after black belt Joe. Do you want to say anything to that? There's actually raises a debate about the belt system. So I'll I personally like the belt system because it its structure Eliza's your progression, which I think a lot of a lot of us need whereas the history was is that you you just had a belt that held your trousers up and the longer you train the darker it got because it gold Dorian Sway and then it's like when it got to her, is that true Going to say is that a myth that car is that it could be a myth. I don't know. Okay, this is I'm just putting it out there before. So let us know that's a good one. None of us in this room know the answer. We'd like an actual answer on that one place because they are true. It seems very unhygienic. It's very unhygienic I want but that's the but that's the the story behind where the white brown and black belt came from and the color belt will put in between so I'll be interested know if that's true. That's why I was always taught but that be interesting. That's true. But I like the the belt system. It gives you some progression. What I don't like is the inter inter club or inter style camaraderie where you have you have q grades you have brown bolts and you have first dance and then you have second and above where the could because you're sort of accidentally segregated by where you are in your training. But that's your group. And that's that's completely wrong. That's why we have Jesus so that everyone everyone is equal. Everyone's ever the same reason doesn't matter whether your CEO or a janitor you're there to do the same thing. Yes, as soon as you then have social segregation within the club, you're completely defeating the point of having you have in the belt system. Yeah, and I mean we often I find myself up because I'm in the middle of the line. I'll go train up and I'll go you know go And about so and we partnered up as well and it's so good for you to train with children. Yeah, because it is so good for your control, you know, whereas when I'm you know in all seriousness get back to me again, but when I'm training with you, yeah Greg safe and listen to story. Hi everyone when I'm training with you I can go as hard and as fast as I can because I want to find out how whether I can get there just for that. You're welcome. You taught me to you reap what you sow and I will and I don't really ever trained with you Joe while hardly ever but if I do I would do the same I'll go as fast as you can as hard as I can. Well, that's just like a warning shot. I don't need I don't spar with you often Joe but when I do know but where should I have done? I try hard because you are capable of Defending all of it. Yeah, you know, which is how it should be. That's the point, isn't it? Yeah, you know, so when you train with someone who's younger or smaller a week or less experienced? It's good for your control. Wind your own neck in and make sure that you go and yeah, it is good there, right? Yeah. Don't draw no definitely not. It's yeah, I like training with anyone. It's yeah, but the belt thing I that's why I used to like the Sunday morning think there was no belts. It was tracksuits. Yeah. Yeah track suits and no belts and that was it was immense this legislation. Do you think we have too many belts? Because I think maybe we do. I think we maybe have too many rack because I don't how you measure how you want to measure progression. I'm I'm obviously we're doing a kind of an updated syllabus again. Hmm speaking of syllabus and one thing I'm finding is There are too many belts. I don't think you need it. And I looked at I'm not going to give details of Andy syllabus because that's not my place to do but I've looked at Andy syllabus and there are less. Q grades mmm, and I've looked at other applied syllabuses in there are less Q grades and that to be honest doesn't make sense to me because when I joined the BCA and they said to me You can you can rebuild your syllabus to how you want. And it was only then when I was able to objectively look at the syllabus. I've been doing for for nearly 20 years at the time and so you start with for example, you learn soul to key for White to red belt then you got a yellow belt. Ah this way Trader really starts work it out an MP. Oh, wow, then you then you then you great that and go now, what are now going to add in Iraq and hoochie. Yeah, and when I looked at that objective of that that's that's very weird in here that that that's that's how you're measured on your progression. Yeah, you add a move but what do you we still that we still know the moves but what does it really matter though? This goes back to that question. Doesn't it? Look like you know, what? What have you really improved in that time other than your aesthetic technique? It teaches me that the only the only way that you can practice saw two key NP Iraq and gags. Ooh key and get a bra is a problem. I bought level another that's true. So the syllabus is designed to gradually ease you into something that a white bow could do. So should we should we practice which you said about sparring earlier? Should we do should we practice sparring and combinations and Pad work complex kihon wiser at white belt? I don't see why you couldn't I think you should I think you should ease people in I don't think you should throw beeping at the deep end out of it. Is your fro white belt straight into gu Kumite having that's very unfair. Yeah, and that's and that's very old-school and that would be that would be absolutely terrifying for the for the person. I'm in this room. The person who is closest to that memory, and I know that it's growing up to a 12 year old frightened pants off me. Yeah, when I say sparring from day one, I mean this so, I've got the kind of half done syllabus on my phone right now. And this is I'll I'll read out what we've done. So first grade white drawings, there is no sparring only Kumite would be to demonstrate the fence which I put an Instagram post up the other day and Option which I think going back to people wanting to learn self-defense is just entry-level you could train for six months if you walk away with that. That's fine. First sparring is literally two minutes of one person very very lightly. Just throwing straight punches while the other person Perry's so that's sparring but it's not swearing. We're going to get your head caved in, you know, I mean, so that's what I mean when I say spine from day one and then basic grips moving. And like we like we've done millions of times moving around in grips and then that progresses so the difference there from what you were saying purple and white belt being able to do a sort of who he MP and you're a con to being able to competently use all of that in as far as the situation even if it's a flow. Is there anything for grips type speed of gently doing it, which is because I think that's one of the bit the things that turn my brain like Right. It was the his the his the bunkai Force and and I remember doing that and you were saying right now that you've done that and you've broken his elbow just keep going just that kind of keep going, you know other things so keep going. Yeah, you know, and it's this that that idea of the unlock the idea of doing a very specific drill. And then you're done with the drill to doing the specific drill and keep going drills are just drills. They're not necessarily the technique like the the shooter drill. I did Thursday night, you know, that's not how you fight. It's just a drill to get you practicing a technique over and over and over and over and over again in a short space of time. Once you're good at that don't practice anymore practice it in context so I wouldn't necessarily my training for that isn't going to be I'm going to stand here 20 minutes and do that drill because I'm past that now I can do the job. I don't need it anymore. I can do it. In other ways that are more combative and more realistic. It needs to be explained better when it comes to teaching things like bunk. I see if somebody says this is the application know which you say. This is an application then some like a massive difference, but that's that's based said this isn't the single one purpose of this technique. This is one of many things. You could do take it throw it away some tile up to you. You're a student. You're not you're not being dictated. I think this is something that I have noticed in the karate was it can be quite dogmatic very yes very yeah, very dogmatic my way is the correct way because I read it in a book that was written by Funakoshi and that is it and that is the end. I've called her. I've coined a term for this I calling it pure breed show again or like that. That's the name of the episode. Pure preacher can with John Andrews. Boom carry on if you have a clean pure lineage of sure can. As long as you are maintaining that there is little room for progression. There's little room for question, which is something that you guys were talking about on on the quarterly in on the the session you did with Ian not long ago. He was saying, well you going against everything the you're taught about martial arts if the teacher saying do this and there's no there's no room for QA. We that's not that's not a good example to teach somebody who's trying to become a martial. Yes, you think about other things that you like you imagine being at school and say you're not allowed to ask the teacher a question. Well, this was actually on my list. It's actually on my listing of myths and or beliefs or what have you which is you are not allowed to question your Sensei. You're not allowed to ask. Why are we doing this? Why am I doing that? What use is it? You must not question your Sensei. I think that comes from a lot of it though because maybe the Japanese Couldn't speak English when they came over here, so they couldn't answer the questions. Maybe you know a lot of it was because probably they didn't know the answer. Well when we spoke with James, yeah, he was saying it is extremely disrespectful. Yeah that does come from Japanese culture as well. It seems disrespectful. Yeah. Yeah you is not a place of form to the culture and that's it. Yes and not yet. I've heard numerous people say that yeah, if I if I ask somebody a question it could that be about crying about anything and the answer is I don't know that's just the way it is. So that's not good enough for me. Yeah that says to me that you're just you're blindly following a system even though you don't actually know what's going on. There's absolutely room for question. And I think I say that but the teachers got to be able to answer that question or presumably say that's an interesting question. Yeah, I mean, yeah, well that tells you a lot doesn't it? Yeah, if there are so many forms and people all asking the same question as not tell you something that the answer not that that people aren't listening or they're not being taught in their classes you know basic questions presumably okay then she will need to be believed to be relevant questions yeah those are there was a massive debate online not long ago is actually a question somebody asked me in the class they said what is the the karate Superman punch called which I would have initially called a gaku kazami Zuki but there's actually a term for it I managed I just just by matter of coincidence is happy to go online and there was this massive debate about it I always thought thought it was called a care uzuki but Bali is not but what the debate come to the conclusion I was is that somebody who must have been a Japanese translator just came up with this really long translation because the Japanese are quite that they're quite literal and structural I used with their translations and there's just this really I can't even remember what it was so long and I just came to the conclusion that there wasn't a name so I just stuck with yakoo because out and the Maybe we'll actually is that was that a question I really needed to study is it you know, they've all the things that you can study was that really that never heard of it. So do you want to just like what is the answer to that question? What is frequently called? It's called a Superman punch in it. We just live the ground and you throw a punch. So if I was to throw a punch from where I am now to you don't need to leave the ground to get there. Okay, so I'm flying so the up bodies fashioning a superhero Powers. It's that you know, No, you know you jump around like Superman. Yeah forgiveness is a very effective is effective because essentially the your body weight is traveling are so huge amount of commitment there if they catch, you know, yeah because he was called Super Punch. Thanks for that you do. I was just makes no sense. Okay, it's just a regular punch. Right what happens if your face is bleeding at the time and you've lost your teeth and Kryptonite around is that right? Okay, lovely. We should I do should wear capes. I'd love that. I'm big Superman fans are work keeping. Okay, unless you're a fan of The Incredibles like not keeps ya know keeps no capes. No. Okay. Maybe I'm moving. That's one of the myths end a myth go away. Okay, this is this is good for okay, here we go. This is here's one women should only do sparring with other women. I knew you were gonna think that's a good one man. You should only do sparring with men and when I say sparring, I mean applied karate, you know for reasons that women are too weak or you know, whatever. No I disagree. I disagree you talkin sparring. I'm talking about anything physical. I mean I have seen scene one that really upset me actually on a forum at really really got to me and this woman had just done her black belt and she was saying she really wished though that she could do some of her techniques with the man. She hadn't done any that's ridiculous with men and she would say surely I should learn some because I should know how how strong a man is. I mean if I'm going to apply any of this and I was just I was horrified mean you Spa quite regularly. Yes. Okay, is that to say if we said right we're going to go full contact, uh-huh all out. And you know, yes, that's it. Are you doing right? That's very simple. Right? But does that mean that we can't Spar absolutely not. No. So there's a reason there are weight classes and divisions in Combat Sports. You don't have the women's UFC Champion against the men's UFC champion you just you don't that's not to say that she is less skillful than the male Champion, but generally speaking. The male Champion is going to be stronger. You know, I mean, I'm talking about generalizations and he talks about straight because you know, you have a six-foot woman and a 5-foot guy that might be different but generally speaking on also because of the amount of frame he you know, he holds his muscle differently moves differently women hold their weight differently move differently. It's there for a reason you have to cater to the general population. You can't cater to like maybe the one or two specific. Yeah, but in the club, there's space for that anyway. Yeah, I mean what difference to you it matters worse a inspiring and training then there is no reason why like we've said you can't train with children adults men women, whatever it doesn't you know, but if you're going to go and fight professionally, then you're not going to say right I'm gonna go fight the biggest guy I can it. No, I mean if you're a woman and you want to get really, you know tougher you might well take on some practice Partners who are men. Absolutely. Yeah. So now I mean I've seen that and it just like horrifies me because it hasn't happened in any of the training that I've I've been in thank God that hasn't happened. It is completely different. I can't imagine experience which laying around if you rocked up to Thursday training and Joe was like right Sue all the women down this end of the room all the men down this end of the room and you're not going to mix like you I think most people grow what well, I don't know though. I don't know. I mean, I'm seeing it. I'm actually seeing it. I mean for a woman to get as far as back belt and she's like really God. I've got my training partner. She's really it but I should be doing something with a guy you know and and people saying that's okay you are allowed to ask the black belt the man you are allowed and she's like to know I was absolutely Blown Away Joe what do you want to say about that well then we could expand this quite far well we could go and open away but for the moment we'll just just keep yeah I've noticed it's also a generational thing live dream with a lot of older older male karateka that they're of that generation where women are are are beautiful and delicate and we should take care of them You know in the days when the men went to work and the women stayed home, they made the house look nice and clean. They bring this man's slippers when they come home. That's all that way of living that hopefully is all is a thing of the past but I've had because my my wife trains joke as well and she said it's the ones that they deliberately take their effort down because they think they're helping you and they're not they're actually hindering your training but Not their fault. It's what's built into their psyche. That's what they that's how they were raised. Is that men are big and strong and they do the big jobs. And then you got the women to do the nice the smaller delicate jobs and that may and so I don't condone it but I understand it for on a generational perspective. If we were talking go back to the belt system. If you if you saw if you were told to pair up so when I talk about by saver pair up by height and build or doesn't matter who bear up with based on the drill were doing I could I could understand again not condone by can understand why black belts would think what I'll go with a black belt or while white but we'll go with a white belt because they think War That's where maybe the belt system sometimes helps and sometimes hinders it gives you an indication of who's probably the best person to pair up with but is pairing up that person the best for your training. I don't know. It's an interesting question. So if if you sue for example did some bunk eye on somebody like Johnny who's six foot five massive dude, who's is a great sparring partner? Because if you can Spar against him because Bargains anybody Is that good for your training? Yes, this is something that would be in my mind. This is something that's been debated was debate on this course yesterday is that if you're given an application to do and the person you're doing it with on is a lot bigger than you and it's not working do something else. It's as simple as that if it's not working, it's not working. If you're trying to do an armbar on to this bigger than you or even in a ridiculous situation, you're trying to punch him in the head but their heads too far away. We don't do something else, but it's again it goes back to this whole thing about your teacher not being a dictator is it, you know adapt your training you're given the tools if it does work do something else and your instructor should be able to not only give you the freedom to try something else but even give you a suggestion of something else that you could do do you think there's space for a teacher who sees that people are only pairing up I'm not saying this isn't happening in our Glass by Lakers people pair up all over the place but do you think there's space for a Sensei to see that that's happening that only the black belts are training together only the brown belts are training together and only the red belt training together and deliberately say you pair up with you you pair up with you and deliberately X and in offices be more of that yeah well I mean you do it like we just say right after a minute change Partners hmm so everyone kind of moves around the room and trans but that's very handy very very handy because that forces the mixing yeah that's a good thing that I liked that very much the kind of you know do a thing about quickly change Partners so that entirely depends on change what you're practicing we're practicing full-blown freestyle do Kumite I'm not going to say change Is a black belt go white belt. I'm going to say try and stay with somebody around your grade so that you're on the same level because I'm not going to ask a black bug of for power in a white belt. No because they're not goes back to Old School like no no. No, I gotta be careful now not all old school clubs, but in the days when it was always seen like as an initiation or as I wide belt will come in if you can if you can take a pounding from little black belt and come back to the second session. Then you're ready to train in grass. Ray funny that was on my list beliefs. You will have your head kicked in on your first session to see if you're hard enough. If you do get your head kicked in the first session leave. Yeah, that's that. Is that it? Is it true? I mean, why is it is it true that app? Does it happen still? Maybe I just across the amazing it I mean anyone out there that does do that first off. You're an idiot. Second of all tell me why but if someone comes up to me and goes I want to learn self-defense and I go okay like the gloves on let's go a few rounds. Where's the logic in that? Yeah, that's not good self defense for that person is if they agree to it because they essentially agreed to get their head kicked in. Hmm. So the the belief that it happens is true. Maybe I don't the correctness of that is appalling. Yeah, let us know if it's happen to you or if you know of it happening get in touch and let us know because I've I've never experienced it. Personally, I think if you have you ever experienced it Joe. No, I'm sure I know Scott Langley write a book about training in Japan which was very much like that. I can't remember the name of it, but I'll find out and I'll put it up at the the link in the notes. Yeah, okay, if you if you as a teacher strongly believe that that is the best way to train up a cracker you mean you cannot share. Another belief, which is the Christ for everyone. No. No. Yeah you are. So you are segregating your let's call them client out, but you are saying not everyone can do this, which is not what martial arts is about again. It depends on time in history done it if we go back hundreds of years ago. Yes. It was probably considered as survival of the fittest system, but Christ has been globalized. No long before we were born. There's nothing we could do about has been globalize. Everyone has the opportunity to practice because there's clubs all over the place as soon as you start trying to go back the other way and trying to to make it a survival of the fittest Club if that's what you're trying to promote its it done set a good example to martial arts. No, I mean, I think I think it goes, I mean, it depends on what the club's goal is don't mean like if it's there. Like ours where it's like anyone's more than welcome to come to learn karate. Then you definitely shouldn't be like that. If you're you know a club that's wants to develop, you know, MMA world champions there. Maybe you do need to train like that because actually go yeah. Absolutely Well, Chad will can say hello. Can I do some self-defense? They'd be like, sorry. You have the wrong Club you're at the wrong kind of exactly please. Please go and find somebody else. Here's a list of people lie exactly. Can we see this in a couple of years if that's still where you're at? Yeah, if everyone is given the opportunity to be the best that they can be then that's open everybody. But if you're in a system, like you said If you're looking for The Ultimate Fighter, yes, and people are going to get World out. You ask that that's nature. I suppose it is nature. But it you know, if you're trying to do that in an ordinary Club. No, I don't mean that to be rude. I mean like a club where everyone is welcome. Yeah, you know if you do that then you stop. All growth of people I wouldn't be doing this. I wouldn't be out of left out of left and hated it and known in my head that out. It was just horrible place to be. Okay. I think we've done that one. We got time for any more bring them all and see ya. Oh, well, okay. You must have heavy contact in training to learn how to take a shot. We've we have I've said we've been here but where we just this is myths and myth-busting and believe busting say we're all willing to do it again depends on your goal. If you are going to can train to be a world champion in full contact or heavy contact whatever then you need to experience it once in a while. For Everyday People Like Us. I don't think really you need it because I mean, it's just defeats the object. Doesn't it? Really? Yeah, when you especially depends if you're in a real professional job as well. You can't be going to work every day with a busted nose and like a black eye. You just look ridiculous know you are not that man. In fact Club. No Everest name was what was his name? I don't know in Fight Club. Mmm. There's Tyler Durden Vegas him. You're not him. Not him. You're not him and I get like if you're training for self-defense in air quotes, you know, I had this conversation with someone online. the other day was why do we wear gloves when we Spar because you don't wear gloves in the street and my response was well you don't wear your white pajamas in a belt either but you training those so you know it's to make your and then someone else said well you need to learn to control how you fight and I said well but you've just said that in the street you don't wear gloves but if you don't wear gloves in the club you're not going to hit full power so it's not the same then so why don't you just wear gloves and hit a little bit harder you don't need to hit full power is just up again it's being safe yeah it's not rocket science it's here in Abernathy one which I've had echoing in my head ever since safe productive answer is it useful does it you know is it useful for you does it produce a result yes is it safe yes you enjoying yourself yes if it doesn't hit those spots than yours no Point we spot without gloves before where it's been like, you know, the last five minutes. All right, no contact just lightly move around. Yeah, that's fine. That's not going right. Let's fight now with no gloves or anything and no protection. No, it's a big difference. But anyways, do you need heavy contact to learn what it feels like to be hit? No because you can get hit many different ways, you know by that mission then I need to punch you in the head with a glove. Without a glove I need to obey you in the head. I need to near you in the balls. So I mean, not you maybe Jay. It's not I mean like there's just opened a can of worms. I don't think necessary. It's very good for training to feel uncomfortable. You got the people in uncomfortable positions. Yeah, that doesn't necessarily mean gain hitting their door gain keep between the legs but it's well, we're just all about the course one on your site and say yeah. It's putting people in very uncomfortable very uncertain situations and how to deal with it. You don't necessarily get her but it's very uncomfortable night is what that is what fighting is like I've had my fair share of fights that I had to deal with work in the doors and ones I had to deal with myself and there's not a lot of difference between the two other than it's a it's a very stressful uncertain uncomfortable position and that's what we got a training I've seen him what you're talking about we you you get people do the massive amount of cardio before you run that goal of seeing likely Morrison of urban combatives are I think I've mentioned it before they do similar things where they get the person super tired out and then say right now In a spa and a person you can Spar against his putt it up in like a lot of stuff like you said before and it's that it's creating that feeling of adrenaline that you need to learn to combat. If you train your entire life in martial arts and never get a fight then I think you are you really truly besides luck. You really truly understood what self-defense is. Yeah, because the first rule of self-defense is to not be where the fights are where that It's a rough Pub or nightclub or back alley know. If you got a rough way that you need to walk home. You know, if you go where the fights are. You're more likely to get into a fight. Okay there that's not a rule. That's dust just one one of several things to consider when it comes to self-defense. So should you have your nose broken to know what it's like to have nose broken? Absolutely not. no but should you train up to the point of like we've talked about before pass the level of adrenaline so that you find out what comes out when you hit that point of adrenaline you find out what your training did in fact sink in because we've talked about it for there's only a small percent of what you've learned will come out under a stressful 60% I think the train and train underneath the level of adrenaline and then you go over it see what comes out and then come back down at none of that means that you have to get seriously to Salt it in my experience 45 minutes to an hour of cardio is the equivalent to a minute fight That sounds ridiculous. But we're talking about a scheduled cardio session where you know exactly what you're doing. You've been given the workout and a fight where it you didn't know what's going to happen. You got deal with your very very quickly and adrenaline's running you do you're not using your conscious using your subconscious. You're taking all your training and trying to subconsciously Whittle down whatever you're going to use and it's very mentally physically and spiritually exhausting it is Something it is and it's not the same thing at all. But in a sense, I feel some of that during gradings when you're going to sparring a grading great. Yeah, that's why I agree fresher. And that's why I like gradings. Yeah, is because Spar is this is the same almost the same scenarios that sparring in a class and sparring at a grade is completely different car. I mean certainly the greatest we've done recently last seen some phenomenal fighting absolutely phenomenal controlled, but I'm full of spirit. It controlled sometimes. Yeah, sometimes Loosely but yeah, so I think if your own ample if you only training in Kumite in in class it in a class environment not saying that we should do this all of padded room combative training but wouldn't be for everybody at school. No, but if you wanted to go if you want to go beyond that, these are the kind of courses you need to go on. There's not many other. You gotta look About Us by the anti kid's name associated with anything is probably always a good marker that it's a decent causes. Well, I would promote their their their yeah anytime group for sure, but I thought if I could say yeah, who's got its got a swear word. It's fine. BB bunkai bastards. There you go. There you go the bank. I bastards we like the biggest American speaking of which we were supposed to record some bunkai to send in we were they willing to move dogs. They was he got sue the now I'm but I show ya which is just People are uploading it now. Yeah, maybe much energy we should get some inside this week. Yeah, let's do it Thursday. Yeah, we'll get it done. We're coming for you. Yeah, but you looking at me when you say that scared. Yeah, she's not like you Nation be scared. You don't scare me. Normally don't do that. No, we're not we're not we're not cover. Visa is fine. This is going to record some stuff awesome. That sounds like cool stuff. All right, then should we? Do anymore how many more of you got a couple? Yeah, let's just make this a mammoth episode. That's awesome. I'm interested to hear some some feedback from all this. Yeah. She's like you got people writing it, right? Yeah. I'll be interested to hear what people like yeah people's opinions. Yes. They don't like your dad. Don't worry, okay. If you like Joe send them a letter a handwritten, I'll say his address at the end. Allison is a very lovely they did get in touch to say it's okay. So you're not the only person who, you know freaks out like it good completely hopeless gibbering wreck not in knocks down the fourth wall done it between between you and the listeners donut. Definitely. Okay. Oh, yeah. Now this one's a weird one when you have a black belt. People who don't know martial arts think that you're some kind of awesome fight. Yeah, absolutely. And that is just like I kind of and again, I mean we are that's and we are fresh. Yeah, it's true. It's true beauty. Absolutely. That's what was like you Greg. So what was it? Like when you passed your first time, I mean, I was very young. I passed my first done. So I Yeah, I mean I had I had people with you never really I never really got challenged by always get the kind of the threat of a challenge do not mean like if you're at school. It's like oh, yeah, I could take you on but it would never materialized go I think in the back of people's minds people go. Is it a good idea really to do it? Because people don't know like they just see they know the belt and they know that that's supposed to be good and do they want to risk where they going to get beaten up or not? It's not I mean and I think that's the Today, I would say yeah. That is the lack of understanding as well from birna. It's nice for them to ask questions. So for me, I never liked so I fell I passed my first time and I was 15 and nobody ever liked joint of sourced our fight on me like it was it was the questions. Here's the really funny questions like so you are you a master now? Yeah, or are you if you completed karate? Yeah, like is that they have you done it? Yeah completed it me completely great great. It's old news mate now. Yeah you Get Block this yeah, exactly. Can you block that? So no to hit your first sorry, but yeah, you get stupid questions. So, you know, I just gets boring after a while your Blackboard who flung done her nor that one. I know all that all show can more like sure can't okay that is that is that is definitely a busted one, but people can't doing it we keep doing it. Okay, right. We'll finish on this one then because it's the last one on my list. Okay, is it a good one? We're going to finish on a high. I have no idea that the ones that I thought were right really quick and easy have just you know gone on sale, right I had to do this. I have no idea really good. Karate looks beautiful. Yeah looks beautiful and okay checking your watch. I've I picked a good one. Really good. Karate must look beautiful as if it were a competition that's good. Karate old Greg's gonna get angry now. No, no as if it was a competition, I mean no no good karate looks beautiful. If it doesn't look beautiful. You're not doing it. Right. I would agree. It's should look aesthetically pleasing because I think there's this common misconception among the arse a traditionalist that applied karate looks Dreadful like and it doesn't I mean when you do bunkai, it should look Scrappy and it should look like a fight doesn't mean the techniques bad. I mean like I'm going to throw a punch. It's going to be a sound punch. It's going to be a very technical the weights going to be moving in the right direction. It's going to be structurally sound. Everything's going to be good about it. So by that admission, it will look in your words beautiful and cool beautiful. Everything the dodo should be beautiful. Yeah. Everything should be that the word beautiful yeah yeah beautiful that just pick that word because I think I was thinking people start saying you know it's if it's if you're I think that they're thinking mostly that karate is Casa and in a line and other things tend to get messy and sweaty and practical and that they're not feeling like that is the isn't is Right everything from kiyomasa all wept Kumite and bunkai power should all be beautiful however if you watch a martial art movie do you think that's what fights look like sorely mistaken they are they are dirty they are ugly so you but it's your response be to try and keep them as clean and beautiful as possible but it's not it's not as clean as they make it looking on as choreographed as they make him look in martial arts movies that's more for cinematic effect because it's easier to watch if it's one-on-one and then that guy gets knocked down and another one comes out of nowhere if there's more than one person they're just going to Pile in is going to be filth yeah messy it's very very messy very ugly there's some horrible names Called as a horrible dirty tactics used but we have to train beautifully to be able to train for those situations. If you train ugly you just going to make that situation ugly. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, your Technique should be perfect in the club so that if it gets knocked if your techniques are a hundred percent under stress, if it gets knocked down to 50 that's still a decent technique was if you're training a 50% going to get knocked down to 15 and you're going to be screwed. Okay, awesome. Yeah. Listen, we busted every myth available. Yeah, I think so. I think I think Yeah, I think so. That's that's most of the ones one. That's great. My I like anyone out there got any myths for us to bust ya not all miss. So just believe things that they think might be true. They're not quite sure. Yeah. Yeah, eventually we'll keep it real keep it related to karate martial. I think maybe we'll do you know these kind of episodes once in a while. We'll get a collection of myths when we get enough of them will Yeah, myths back pass. Yes. We will explode your myths. bring me your mess I will kill them we good are we done so we should we should we should we finish the holiday go to work I'm fine like that yeah Joe's they'll survive without me I'm covered a lot there though we've done we've done a lot we have here isn't that a huge amount there before we saw any bits we need to say news anything I want to get out of the way before we sign off websites coming we will create a website we are creating website we have got a Facebook page called conversations on Crossing Instagram page on link in the description yeah it's conversations underscore on underscore karate I post on it just put a picture of syrup in the studio so you know I'm going to use it potentially to put some like drills and stuff up as well so with Joe will be in because Joe's always around c will be in just anything we talked about on here like if we talk about a drill and you want to see it I'll put it on the Instagram page and then we'll link it to the Facebook page I was thinking I was thinking about that that would be useful because when we were we did the you know Sue has a complete meltdown episode yeah sorry about that Joe I felt so bad about that I didn't want to put any amount it was actually really good it didn't work for me it was good for me to listen to because I because I listened to the the episode the one before and the one after the grading and it was it like me it's great it's great to give people stuff to to use for the great and give people advice but it's not often I get something back so I think it was fantastic to hear it oh well that's that's really good and I hope you know anyone who will listen to this is what it sounds like when you know you're a student and you say what you think and you kind of terrified that you'll Sensei is going to be really really really unhappy that you've talked about stuff and you're all right actually I'm actually fine but that's exactly the reason why a I support group makes killing himself laughter that be but I worry about this stuff that's what that's why I support grading so I've done 13 of them there is a great life skill you don't even realize that you're doing them to put yourself in a very awkward situation where you know exactly what you got to do but you know for welders a formal situation I mean what's that I mean that's a that's life skills for exams in school for interviews for a job even a first date All these things you we have no opportunity to practice but you doing a grading situation. Okay should gradings be like the way they used to be where where you're completely impartial. You give no indication whether you're doing it right or not. You make you make them feel like they're not doing a good job, which from from my experience when I was going through the greatest what it felt like for me and I don't want to put that on top of people. I actually that's why I that's why I really liked your graded. Yeah Greg with with Ian. Yeah, he was he was that was really refreshing for me because he was actually supportive during the grading yeah he's telling you that you doing a fantastic job and that lifted your spirits and even got up from the table got Focus mitts on so dark and you know I can see it but can I feel it I want to honor want to put on he was thrown stuff and he he he was compliment you the whole time yeah for me that is what grading should be and even said it himself it's not about it's not about the things that used to be about where it was about perfection and about trying to kill the person it's about spirit and knowledge and showing showing your best yeah that's what yeah he said exactly that before I started the ground he said you know I want to see the very best you can bring yes I'm going to make it it's easy few to show that as you can already under stress yeah you've already been training is there is no stopping the fact that you're already under stress the worst part of the grading is that short period of time before the great and starts hmm oh God yeah because during because during the grading you're not conscious of ourselves it's all subconscious you're not you're not thinking about your dude you're told what to do you just get on with it and then there's that short period of time very short periods on after the green we go on God how was that did I do a good job I did that wrong I made this mistake and then you get it sold hopefully in most cases that you've passed and then there's still there's still that little voice in your head that's all well I could have done better it doesn't matter yeah for sure but I have to say what you did in your grading within you've also brought across into our last grading where the instructors Health pads and it was a much more alive situation so you know I remember I definitely went with okay and remember if anyone else did but that was brilliant it was like right now do this now do this now do this and it's like your energy comes out and your confidence Rises when you're doing that you don't feel Under Pressure because you're doing it but like I said before you could have the best gear Kazuki in the world if you're hot if you're doing it on someone who can't hold a focus might very well it's going to look Dreadful because there's a skill to holding pads yeah so if it's a grading and you need to present your best you need someone who can like if I'm going to kind of hit pads and I'm not trusting the person I'm not going to be worried about hitting the pads I'm going to be going and I accidentally going to hit this person in the head hmm where's when humans holding the pads and you were holding the pads like I can just go because I know you can hold the pads you know I mean I'm not worried about hitting you I'm I can just whatever you say to do I can do it because I'm confident in the person that's holding the pads yes so I yeah for gradings especially I think it makes a big difference it did and it did make I can tell you that as the person going through the grating made a huge difference to me and it broke down the fourth wall as well because it's Ted of it being you and them and there's a wall between you because they're they're they're sound the table you know that better than you there there are stage Which is higher than you and that know get get him off the table getting voice suddenly breaks down that barrier between student and teacher and you're working together to help you achieve your best as the as the students grading yeah this is this is something for me in the time I've been in the BCA this is something that I've come to learn and understand and I actually thoroughly support it is something I want to do for all my greetings is to is to get out from behind that desk and get stuck in again get involved yeah I have to say it was the least frightening part of the grading and I think it was one of the parts that I thought Shandra so I did the best I don't know if I did because I'm not you I wasn't watching but it felt like we know I know this I know yeah I know that I know that but I mean I didn't know that we just now he does now but that's the thing isn't it it's like yeah but anyway I can tell you that that was the least frightening part because it was engaging and and I've always said that you know when you get really engaged in you're doing something or someone's giving you feedback like yeah okay try that again you missed it again you know it's like okay got it you're not in your head you're doing the thing and traditionally if you if you did something wrong or degrading you were told you did it wrong no don't do that do it like this do it right and say anything that's terrible in it yeah you know you should do you should give equal compliments to criticism yeah yeah but I like what you're saying so that you put up things that we talked about in this because in that episode we talked about Sookie Ashley because I was going what is it I don't know what it is I think we're good we're good yeah all that stuff we fly can follow us because you know we get there yeah we got it ready with social media but friends about us yeah absolutely I've got another topic of conversation but I'll bring that up next time okay bring that up next time just remember I remembered something but tune in next time folks that the very exciting next episode of conversations on Karate thank you very much Joe for coming in thank you thank you very much you're more than welcome I'm very flattered thank you very much for having me it's been a pleasure yes thank you so much okay right catch y'all next time bye goodbye