Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of what they would like and as a man this is important to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness.And not only that if you want to become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real world fellows know before we begin registration. Confirm my men's attraction masterclass is now open meaning if you're looking to actually improve the fate of your dating and relations life. You're going to want to check this out because not only have the boys in Blue Print man getting ridiculous success, but they're actually mastering every single aspect of their masculinity. They're making themselves a 1% man. So they're not hit with all of the issues and all of the struggles and dating that the 99% of men are running into these are guys with rock-solid confidence. These are guys with Charisma to the utmost and these are guys that know exactly We what to do in every single situation so I highly recommend that you check that out. Let's begin. So here's the deal. There's a straight line process. There's a straight line system when a man wants to master his fate. However, there's a bunch of Micro Systems and subsystems that he must manage accordingly to this now. If you look at the straight line process, what is this? Well, this is going to be a three step process. It's going to go from words or ideas is where everything starts it's going to translate into what Must occur and then to the end goal is what you just obtained. And you have to understand a man has to work through this exact process in sequential order. If one of these beats is missed he's not going to have success and the reason why he won't have successes because this is a chain link and if that chain link is broken the entire chain crumbles, so you have to start to realize that in order to get your life in check. What you have to do is you have to master each step in the chain link. Let me explain the first is going to be words or ideas. Okay, what are words ideas? And why is this important? Well, here's the Fellas, this whole entire process has one specific meaning in one specific point. I'm going to address at the end of this but words or ideas. What is this? This is any sort of Desire or change or future you that you see? Okay, and the reason why it all starts with a word or an idea is because this is what pops into your head. Okay. There's going to be a lot of things throughout the day that pop into your head. You're going to say. Hey, I need to get better with women or hey, I need to get better in my business. I Need to propel my career forward you might be saying hey, I need to get more spiritually connected. So I feel like I have purpose you might be saying like hey, you know, I need these things in life because right now I'm in survival mode and I want to transition into thrival. How can I grow? How can I how can I make sure I'm a beast and optimize beast. That's what's going to pop into every single man's head. Okay, but the issue with this is that this desire or this change that you would like to occur this deep internal. Zara the problem is is that most men are caught up in the movement of typical day-to-day Society. It keeps you suffocated. It keeps you stuff down you're not willing to release a lot of this because it's not very common. Okay, so you got to realize that in order to become more masculine your now becoming a 1% man because most men are told to sit down and shut up. If you're one of these men who can actually take your words take your ideas take your thoughts take your desires manifest them into real life and grow and develop. Philip You must realize that something hardly anybody has you absolutely will crush. It compared to most now this future you you have to realize when it comes to words or ideas. You're not working for your current state you're working for the future you and the future you is extremely important because like I said, in other videos, you're going to be suffering one way or another. Okay, if you choose to suffer now, you might be making the right decision because while it's going to hurt to potentially change you risk a hell of a lot more You take the next year two years five years and you stay your current self. That's going to be a worst suffering. If you look at a man who does not take action in life. What does it look like when he hits his 30s hits his 40s. He's overweight. He's in debt. He has issues. He's depressed. Okay, he's left for another man. There's things that in a man's life. He has to get in check men are made you got to fortify it. It's all going to start with the words or the idea of the thought process in your head. Here's the deal words are nothing but words are also everything. The reason why words are nothing is because a word or an idea or a thought alone. Cannot Propel you forward in any direction. It's just absolutely impossible. There is no one word that you can say that you can think that you can do that's going to jumpstart your life. However, words are also everything because Without A word without an idea, there's absolutely no reason to want to take action. There's no there's no specific know. So words are nothing is in they don't help but they're also everything to actually finally spark the movement. It's very important that you understand this. So the next step in this process is going to be what must occur. Okay, if you are a man who's you know bad with women or you don't necessarily understand how to express yourself or you're not comfortable with yourself or you don't even necessarily know who you are because you're trying to imitate what others do if you try to if you try to you know, do do anything. Let's say You want to meet women and you what you're doing is you're looking at everybody else in the bar. Everybody else in the club. You're trying to do what they do? Okay, you're not fully comfortable. You're with yourself. Whatever. It is businesswomen your personal life, like anything that you would like what must occur is going to be the action that's going to go down and what this is going to take is this is going to take you realizing that your unique you are not them your action is going to be different than probably anybody else's and that's okay because with this is going to come struggle and it's going to come pain. You see this word or this idea? It sounds great. It sounds amazing. You think in your head? Hey, I'm going to change. I'm going to become better. I'm going to become a man of value. But the thing is is that now this is where you got to put the money where the mouth is. You got to put your money where the mouth is what's going to occur here actions going to occur what happens when we take action. It sends a signal to the brand saying hey, we've never been here before. This is scary this hurts. This is Uncharted Territory. What's going to happen? Here's 99% of men do 99% of men are going to go in reverse and they're going to go right back to the soldered a idea. They're going to crack another Miller Lite. They're going to crack another beer. They're going to open up the lab top. They're going to look at some dirty things. I shouldn't be looking at and they're just going to go back to day to day life. Why because they do not have the goal to keep going. This middle sequence is extremely important because without it you can't get to the end goal but notice without the word you will never have the idea to even change in the first place. They're all interlinked. Think they're all connected every single part of this puzzle has to be mastered or you can't move forward action is going to have to go down now with action cause come struggle and with action comes pain. What does this mean? This means that were suffering and we're sacrificing willingly not unwillingly. It's not like somebody's taking us in a swimming pool whipping Us in the ten feet in and saying try to go swim. It's that we're purposefully baby stepping you can't see my But we're purposefully baby stepping one foot into the water. And then we're going to put another foot in and then we're going to get to the three feet in in the five feet and in the six feet and and pretty soon we're swimming in the 10 feet and Treading Water. This action is willing struggle. This action is willing pain this this action is willing sacrifice what you're saying is my current situation sucks. So I'm going to make it even worse. Okay, I'm going to take on even more suffering even more sacrifice. I'm going to make my situation worse and put myself into even more. A pain so that way I can get to the end goal and come out of it. That way I can build the man in somewhere that's going to actually matter. So here's the deal this straight line process. Right. Let's say you have the idea. What must occur is the action the pain in the struggle. This might have taken you five months. This might've taken you six months. This might have taken you two weeks. This might have taken you five years doesn't matter life is an end-to-end Journey. You're going to be learning the entire way or at least you should be now this end goal once you get it because you should get it. That's you got to realize it's like it is possible your mind. Your subconscious is Repro is programmed to think I can't get it. I can't get the girl. I can't get the money. I can't build the business. I'm not good enough and I don't have the right personality. That's what your brain is going to tell you every single time until you make that switch from here to here that says hey, I'm ready to get mine. I don't care what's in my way. I'm ready to actually go get mine. That's when you're going to have ridiculous success. So when you get to this end goal what you need to be prepping in your head is a why what is Reason for this end goal. Why do you wanted in the first place? Because that's what's going to help you. Keep going. That's what's going to help you. Keep going in times of suffering. Why are you trying to get this end goal most men don't have a purpose for it. They just think that it will make them happy. Okay, you don't want to be chasing meaningless things like you you don't want to get the business to buy a Lamborghini you want to get the business so that way you can sleep soundly at night knowing that you have enough resources to hold down the fort if times of distress would come Okay, it's time to actually start thinking rationally here not materialistically not in a negative mindset. It's time to start thinking as to what you need and how can you actually solidify the why is extremely important because it keeps you pressing now. Here's the deal once you get to this goal. You got to enjoy it too. And this is where you can probably tell the mood and my voice right now shifted a little bit. You got to relax a little bit. Sometimes you got to enjoy the fruits of your labor. Okay. The thing is is like Need to be celebrating every time because while the 99 percenters are out partying Friday Saturday night, you don't want to be doing that by any means what you have to do is you have to take some time to enjoy the rewards as they come. If you tell yourself, you're not happy until you have the big business or the pretty smokin hot ten out of ten wife. You're going to be very disappointed because throughout this journey. The problem is you're not enjoying each day as it comes. Here's the deal every single man that tunes into some sort of Of improvement video some sort of masculinity video some sort of women or female Dynamic video. It's never for themselves. It's for other people. It's for the validation of knowing they can get sex or it's for the validation of knowing that hey when I walk outside or when I go to a mall a bar or club a party. I'm recognizing them. Well known because of My Success. Okay, that is not what this is about. This enjoyment is going to be personal. It's going to be your own fulfillment because when you remove the opinions of You remove that external validation and your solely focus on what is going to make me happy. That's when you start to realize hey in this life. I'm in control. So enjoy this as it comes enjoy each micro success as it comes so that way you can keep training the brain to get hooked on those successes. That's that's super important get hooked on the success keep pushing forward keep driving now throughout this whole end goal you conquered your why you conquered the enjoyment that you have to have along the way but the most important part is when you start enjoying this you got to take a step back. Now, you got to take a step back and you got to say hey, what were the skills mastered? What did I do? What sort of wisdom do I have now that I did not have before because you got to realize it's not just about the end goal. The saying is always been it's the journey not the destination and that could not be closer to the truth. The journey as a man is the entire process and I'm going to show you why What you think is a three-step process is the most important thing what really is the most important thing is the middle links and in between words to what must occur in between the words to the action. What's most important is right here and I have a little word right here that says strength. Okay as you take action as you bridge the gap as you're on the mission to do it regardless, this is massive strength right here. This is where your knots just grew a little bit bigger. Is where you got more hair on your balls than ever before this is when you walk just a little bit taller because you have to and even though you don't have the rock-solid confidence yet. As you transition from words or ideas into what must occur you realize that you now have the strength to just finally say yes. Okay, the same thing goes for the opposite ends of the whiteboard in between action to the end goal. You got to realize that you have to be paying attention the entire time you have to be paying attention because as a man, it's very important to be observant. This middle right here this middle between what must occur and the end goal there needs to be wisdom because guess what along this entire straight line process. There's going to be micro successes and there's going to be micro failures. The micro successes needs needs to be well accounted for you need to realize hey, I had prior success with that keep doing it grow on that expand on that if you have massive failures, or you have Micro failures along the way you need to be taking mental notes. That that to wisdom must occur to get to the end goal because the older you get the wiser you should be coming and the saying that I was like to say is hey, I've seen really really successful 14 year olds and I've seen really stupid 65 year olds and that's just the flat-out truth fellas. This straight line process will make you a one percent male. It's going to be a man that has so much masculine energy. You're in control of your fate at all times. You're in control of your destiny at all times because look at it. If you don't like your current situation with whatever it is, what you do is you now apply the entire straight line process in every way shape and form into your life. You get out the duct tape, you get out the say Fleur and you start mending the pieces of the puzzle together and even though it might not be pretty you tell yourself come hell or high water. You're going to get it done you're going to get to it because you know that you can so what you must realize this entire time is you're constantly asking yourself. Does your word have me? This is what I put at the bottom. This is the most crucial thing through all of this. Does your word have meaning? Okay. If you look at most men's word, it means absolutely squat absolute zero, they tell themselves. They're going to get fit. They don't get fit. They tell themselves. They're going to go to the gym that day. They don't do it. They tell themselves that they're going to upkeep on their nutrition for seven days in a row, they fall off they tell themselves that you know, they're going to start to work after their 9 to 5 and propel. Your life forward by starting something that they're passionate about after two days. They completely quit and give up you got to realize as a man. Your word has to have meaning the reason why you don't have confidence is because in every way shape and form when you should have stepped up to the plate to perform you haven't and because of that the brain is going to go. Hey, we're week were a weak man. If you want to Master Your Fate you got to realize that you have to do something that most people have no idea how to do and that's be tough completely just out work. Outperformed out better everybody fellas. If you would like to Master Your Fate you need to pay attention to this you need to refresh this in your notes and you need to make sure that you're living how the 1% do you're not necessarily just putting the blinders on like the 99 percenters. If you like this video, I want you to hit the like button comment and subscribe share this URL with a family a friend a loved one somebody who needs to see it and we will see you in the next one.