I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one. Be really good this week and so good every week. There's a lot to get into let's jump in. I want to start off with Tony and Angela because that's kind of like the softer. Wow. Is that how Angela some back? I feel like just watching them together just draining, but that's fine. Let's do it. Well, I mean luckily nothing really happened. Yeah, you know, that was a beautiful moment beautiful other than that would take it down. Produces pretty you know, the effort was adorbs. Yeah. It was nice. I'm not surprised that she said this one date was enough for all the doubt to go away and she has full faith. She's ready to get married and have their beach wedding with Tony. He's just looking at marriage is marriage is Freedom, I want to get married. Like that's the way it sounds Freedom. Does that what you that's what he said what he said was that even mean but I guess that means no more rules for here married. He's not going to be monitored as much which makes no sense. That's why I asked what does that mean? Because I've always heard it was the other way around like marriage on now, I really got you know, what even though, it doesn't make sense to us. He knows Angela that's his woman, right and clearly the better. He does the the less. Of a more room he'll get on his leash. Okay. I have a point. Yeah, because all it took was some Salisbury steak. Trying to be like I don't have any more doubts to him back. That sounds good. Looks like prayer flew those days the rebut what else - I thought at the moment when she got emotional at the dinner. Yeah. She was going to say something about their relationship, but she said a respect your freedom. I thought that it would be something like respect me respect my body right? Stop this motorcycle. I bought you. Uh, yeah something deserve it my allowance. I give me a like like the pocket money you get from Grandma and you know yourself, so I think this is what she's wanted all along. She wants to have the show of getting married and that's why she's like a no budget. We're about to have a great one. Right? I'll take you to her then. Yes. Yes. Costco is catering that that receptor. Okay, I'm through yes. Yes another couple that I guess kind of deserve each other but painful to watch as Clinton Tracy super painful. It's superb. It's like a day and night difference between Tony and Angela and Clinton Tracy, they're both train wrecks, but they're still on different magnitude. Yeah, but we it was troubling to see Tracy basically putting in her a dope or Order with with Clint. Can you believe that nothing your cousin is bad out because he's trying to live a decent life. You know, it's so sad know the saddest part with this one. We're watching as usual together. And while we're watching I was like on the verge of tears looking at him really profess his love for this woman. This is his goddess. This is who he wants to Champion and he wants her to make the right choices and do the right things and I was like that was really sad, huh? And I look over this what she was like was it though? Honestly, you get what you put out of here. Would you sign up? That's what I was trying to say and I don't even know why he continues to call his mom because all he does is prove her right and she's not it's not gonna make her like Tracey anymore. Like she literally told you not to do it and exactly what she said was going to happen happen. And why would you call her to have her tell you I told you so but I did feel a little with Clint, you know, we ever said which we'll talk about later. We all have that. Person that we love and no matter how stupid they act or the mistakes they make we just always have this hope that they'll be better stick it out with them as they figure it out and I go yeah, that's right. Definitely. Do all have that and I get it more with Sarah. Yeah history is there Clinton Tracy's connection is just drugs and that's why don't I don't feel bad because it's literally it's literally just self-destruction. That's all you guys. In common, right but it also subliminally shows that Clint has been enabling her for a long time about that. So for Tracy to be able to call him and say such and such as coming by to pick up I tell her to come pick it up and he's talking about what I didn't know what was in the house. First of all Tracy wasn't in that house for more than 24 hours. Exactly. So how first of all you probably had it on hand already or as a welcome home. Gift for okay and just saying just letting you know and I think that the fact that you guys already have acquaintances in this lifestyle that I feel comfortable coming to your place of homelier your home right to get it and you claim that you didn't know that it was apparently she always has on this a MasterCard. She never leaves home without it. This is the lifestyle you've known about since day one. But but if you're a drug addict you would tend to assume that the You know that that of your the drug, I'm sorry. If you're the person that's not doing a drugs and you for whatever he's always someone that does do the drugs. It would be an assumption to you that if you like to get high you probably should keep that stuff with you. I like why would she leave it does it was on the bedside? Okay. Yeah. Yeah because I was thinking the same thing like we've been saying that we think Clint is a drug addict too. And he did actually come out and said he has used drugs, but I don't know if he's doing it right now because with a real drug addict just flush some drugs like that and what TV yeah, and we're treating really just leave it. Like that, like obviously with it had to have been an accident. If I don't know any drug addict who just leave drugs around with their that far gone like she is I think that she would feel comfortable leaving it if she knew that it was in good hands. She was so high. She wouldn't she wouldn't put it on Clint to get rid of them. She would probably the only things you probably think is cleanse doing it without her and that would make her more mad. Oh, that is an interesting take that's my opinion. So you don't think that he's kicked it for sure. I don't know about How it is at this moment right now. I don't know a taping. All I know is Clint has done drugs. Yeah clearly and he's doing it now though, right? Like really I don't think he's doing it now, but we can't act like he's never touched it before Carl. Yeah. It's just the way they're producing it and they're taping and him getting emotional and throwing the phone. I'm for real for real. I think he threw the phone because he thought Tracy's about to blow up his house. So I think that's why he got so upset. He always let it rest on that phone. What kind of phone you got cut because that bionic you know, who also must have a really good phone case Amar. Yeah. Thanks. I was very disappointed and why because she didn't even give him a chance. Like I feel like if you're married, you should have a certain trust with your partner to the point where you at least will give him a chance to explain himself before completely spasm. Yeah, this is last first time. Yeah that situation I get that. She lost her mind produces character midair by was get out the way like she owned one. The only thing that I would say was a hundred percent authentic, that's like a Angela thing where he found him with a prostitute for the fourth time this month. Like that's the type of reaction that you get but you acted like that and wouldn't even talk to his brother from the first offense. Like where's the trust in your relationship? Yeah. That was a bit much. Yeah. I think it's something that she's been sitting on and she's been paranoid about and then the as soon as the opportunity came and she's already been building up tension with him right about other stuff. Another style she wanted to hear. Yeah, and he has been gone for two weeks. It does make sense. Your I haven't been having sex and he's been gone for two months. You know, that's a long time for some men but you don't make it better by making him sleep on the couch, but you can't push it but little does she know that is not cute. He cannot them away exactly. Yeah going for that but for so long because he's a control freak and that's and when she was crying in her confessional she was saying all we do is fight for real for real. The only reason you fight is because you keep hearing things. You don't want to hear and he's not obeying your or command exactly because she's talking about a man. There are plenty of men that wish they had a wife to her. Another moment when I said, oh I'll try it. That is me. Why? Yeah, that was that was really good. It was good. I think I think they're gonna get it back together, but they always do and I love them. They should they like really complement each other. Well at Pi by the brothers story I do. Okay, I do too. I do you don't kitty. It's not that I don't like I believe that he's telling Truth. I just think the way that it was set up. It looked very forced. It looked very like that's just the way I feel and what they look like and what color their gold and their it just didn't sound authentic. Like I don't know I would it would take me a minute to what I put in your pocket. I don't know but I feel pocket. I feel like if he was to say did you leave gold condoms in my eye? How did Matt a thousand percent authentic I but I do believe him. I don't think he was doing anything. I really don't I think he genuinely loves so you have other story about the story. I'm sorry. I just the way that it was told it made it seem like it could be a lie. That's what you could have been crafted like that from producers to make sure yeah. All right. So before we move on to our next fabulous couple Miss Kitty Kaboom. Do you have a message for our list? I do what up homies. We want to say. Thank you so much for Joining us making us the ESPN of TV talk without you. We are nothing honestly, we do sincerely appreciate the fact that you tune in. If you're watching us on YouTube, please write us all the thumbs up. If you're listening to us on iTunes. Give us 5 Stars. Just big us up. We deserve it. We show up every week make ya'll laugh make y'all cry we engage and we need your engagement to stay afloat. So thank you so so much we crazy. Anyway, you're awesome. Thank you for making us awesome. Please. Don't ever leave us. We appreciate you, please. Not that were in our comments from last week's show like my thoughts will offend you and gents covid Ops or I'm sorry Jenna. I don't know how to say your last name Nicole Wallace. Laurie Stewart, Leo lion Don arak. Oh Yuri. Sorry, John, Taylor Natalie mesbah. I can't believe this just F and happened. That's the name. That's McKay. There's so many of you guys. Oh my God, LJ yessir lot of you guys. So thank you so much. Yeah, and we're sorry that was too but at this is the month we've been told we're coming back. So we'll be able to engage. Yes you think real time? All right, Lacey and Shane going down. The heroine head and you're not taking me with me with you and you're not taking them damn kid's my favorite lines got to be anyway. So, how are we feeling about Lacey's dad not telling Shane about John. I think that was a good move because you do for your kids. Okay, it's not your place. Hmm. That's the only reason that I agree. That's not his place. I don't think that I mean for your well, yeah, you're right because I have to put it in the perspective of call. If my son were together, I'm not going to tell your girlfriend about your business. That's what you know, you're just talking to you with Michael very true. Yeah, that's true. But I would just like he gave his daughter the business. I would still get my son the business like, you know, what you need to do like you're being trifling, please please I think he handled it perfectly but I love that conversation on a pier that message. Well, you need to get your head out your ass heart with kids. That boy was not thinking that this would really loves her heroin Lee and I know it probably hurt his feelings to hear her say that that she that he's a gold digger. Come on. Yeah, that's not really honestly. She's just looking for any reason that but I know she Already got it. Would John. Yeah, so she got milk that but she can't just leave them for that. One thing right gold digger. You only like me for my titties like you wanted to have my kids like how she makes money right? Do you think that they engage in order to make More money, like is that a thing my girl three of them? Wait? No. I meant Shane and Lacey on camera for the people that pass. Yeah. The only that's is that's why I say they're in business together. Yeah. Oh, well, then what the hell she come out. I mean, I guess you could do that with John. Well, she could do it anybody I yes pretty much but I guess what I'm saying is why would she even suggests that because he had because she has not only does he also have a job job right you guys go construction situation. He's helping make you more money by being well, I guess because before he had he didn't have all that before they got married. That's so that's why she's saying put him on with the only fan that right. Right? Right right before I continue one of the ways we keep all of our content for you. The listener free of charge is our amazing sponsors. And today anchor is one of those sponsors. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchors going to distributor podcast for you so it can be It on Spotify Apple podcasts and everywhere podcasts are listened to and you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Not one lie low key feel Lacey's bitterness dude, the level of petty she reached is relatable. We don't have face time your ex while your man is in the backyard putting up a trampoline for you. Okay, take your shirt off. What would she bother? That's why your man over there digging ditches stuff Beckham. She's crazy. Just stop playing games with these men pick one and move on and I'm gonna do it. She don't know but I wish I wish she would too she got because she's too much. She's not out of age or position in life to still be playing these games and the but the thing is why I say it is relatable. It's because she's really hurt her pride is shot because this is the little snot. Boy that she picked up out of prison took him in and cleaned him up and all this stuff and even though she did what she did with John like you cheated on me before we took vows, right? I would feel sold T to I would feel pretty stupid before I got the chance to cheat on you first. Not necessarily going to take that last final step, but John but I think she's going to egg it on and provoke and and do as much as she can without getting that far. Of course. Yeah. Hell yeah, and eventually she's going to go that far if yeah. Remember our favorite line from last week was what you're going to find out eventually. Anyway, you know she bout to get that man all the Cha-Cha he can handle cha cha, let me tell y'all something that last stop that boesky. Hey, Sarah, had y'all looking stupid. Hopefully, okay, where were you Halloween will call it foolish foolish all day. I was Bamboozled just like she does that's what she has put but clearly now can see a retrospect all of this was in an attempt to get him riled up to possibly get him like so upset that he could see that losing her might be you know, the worst thing that's ever happened to him and he would come to his senses. I think that was her convoluted little stupid plan now, but at the time I was like go for you. Oh girl you go sis. Clearly. I was wrong. I mean my only hope is that it's not about him specifically it's about she just wants this family and him being there showed her. Maybe I can have my family and that's when she made her mistake, but maybe she'll realize it was a mistake and be like, you know what I can't do this again. It was a mistake by This seems to be who she is. Yeah, like you doing your thing. My like, why do you look at this food? Like she's not but you did he love yourself enough that you don't need this nonsense. He is pure nonsense. Well, Normally any like about it? Yeah, I did. It's Mike. Okay, who but who is in the life? Huh? I thought maybe Maria got him, right he gets she can't he gives me the impression that Maria somehow has infiltrated his heart in such a way that he's like trying to do right and walk a straight line and all that stuff. But clearly you're not slam tournaments been talking to women and getting money from cash app women while he's been with Maria. There's nothing Michael has done nothing to show. Oh that he is a different person is fat all through both seasons, very good. So these expectations to be like, yeah. Hey you want a very good point I forgot about he was in the bathroom. I don't remember what show was but it was almost over in the producer was like so who's Maria? It was this one what this one looks like he was like, you know, I'm trying to give her my cash app name, right? Go with it get to the bag Mike. It's a city boy summer. Okay, I'm the boat. Yeah, whatever moment. I'm confused. I thought someone filed for divorce already. They did. I mean we haven't signed it. He hasn't signed but in the session Sarah said, you're the one who wanted it. So why don't you do it? So it made it sound like nobody did anything. Oh, I just assumed he hadn't Signed it yet. That's the impression. I got off the first couple episodes, right? But when she said that it made it seem like well, you're the one who wanted the divorce. So you you need to be the one to go file it variants because when the theater therapists acts like where are you guys in the divorce? Nobody said nobody volunteered the fact that he hasn't signed yet, right because I thought Sarah would have at least said that but she didn't so like if you're so ready to do it then you do it. Yeah, that's interesting. I guess. That's a word. Well, I don't know. It sounds like semantics. I want to believe that she did the right thing and at least started the process and then referencing a signature but you're right. It probably would have been more specific. If in fact he was a signature they would have said I'm waiting for this fool to sign is right on my life. Right and she is like that. She's been nothing like that at the end of the day Sarah. This is just using these kids to keep a man around that don't want to be that doesn't want to be a dad. I want to be a husband. He just has gotten to a place where I can go to a different place and he got a new person there and now he got him to people in the same place. I got one of the hotels and that's fair, you know, he don't know how to act but I mean when you got these stupid women want to remove yourself, if you know, he's a bad person. Like you said, Lou would want you to know if you actually you know, what you are a joke, and he said well you One who still dealing with me. So who's the clown work? I blocked him after that because it was right to be so loud when it is really the clown Pozo that being said we would have hit him. I can't wait to see what happens. But let's jump into news and gossip. All right, guys. All right guys, so we didn't get too much from Clinton Tracy, but I got something about Tracy today Sis got arrested again. It already back in The Slammer our beloved Tracy. How long was it she got? How long does she got to rehab? Yeah, like two weeks. I think at the most wow, she got arrested on February 28th for driving while intoxicated. It doesn't say she was on meth or anything specific but they just said she was intoxicated. I'm assuming alcohol but you know, she is a meth addict. Yeah, so she's locked up so she wet heat so but when did she doesn't say when she got out of rehab? That's What I want to know like what was the point from we talked about her getting out of rehab on News Daily. I think like two weeks ago was when I did it okay to Thursday's ago. So something like it was definitely a February. Yeah, and you know, but all this stuff isn't going on with her and Clint Mikey got a new girl. I've been going back and forth on social media. So, you know, I don't think you don't have to buy you the bail her out this time because you couldn't moved on I guess Clint got the $5,000 back since she went to rehab then right I guess. Yep. Okay, so he collected his money. Well, I mean you got a pair, you know a some meth with a good bottle of 45 over care whatever and cap it off with a night in prison. I don't know but I wonder what are we going to see him? I feel like he will. Yeah, I can that impressed me as well and the girl is probably a distraction. Yeah. She is his goddess. Well, it's because she claimed that they're just friends but Tracy saying no, that's his girlfriend. So well, thank what she got a boyfriend. That's interesting. Okay, kitty. Yes, ma'am. Let's get this dumb criminal. I love it. Okay, this week's dumb criminal is hilarious, but they all are a suspected car thief in Pretoria and that is not an American case. You were wondering because if the Toria What was it? I'm serious. Pretoria was foiled when the auto lock system of the car. He allegedly broke into trapped him and sake. Oh my God, the man was he was stuck for an hour-and-a-half shouting for help. Wow Muse past. George is pointed and laughed at him the newspaper reports that when the owner of the car returned she yelped. What are you doing in my car before unlocking it at which point officers from Pretoria Central Justice promptly arrested him that is beyond hilarious. So should she have something on her car that makes it the exits on the auto like at this not heard the car would identify her? I guess with the key or something else. So it locks the person is like a face ID, but with her car that's lot. Oh, wow. I don't even know cars could do that. Hmm. Pretty interesting. I would say that at all cost you have that but I'd be the one to get like this. All right. It's her car. We drive all the way out to like some book a trip away from town. It stopped in your car. That's funny. Thank you. Kitty kitty. Thank you. All right. It's time for prediction TV predictions. What are your impressions of the first so in my previous predictions? I said that I thought Sarah was on gate but When Maria but somebody else said that it was going to be the opposite and I agree with you all now. Oh hmm. Yeah, I think Sarah's going to be standing there like, oh my gosh. I don't know you're talking about or cry or something pathetic. I don't think she's going to actually get back with Maria and she's gonna continue to disappoint me. I think you personally yeah, I'm gonna personally feel victimized. Um Clinton Tracy. I think they're going to get back together on the show, even though they're broken up now, I think at some point on the show, they're going to get back together because she ends up going to rehab and I think he was Perry when she went to rehab so Lacey and Shane, it's going to be another situation where there he's gonna have to face off with an X and the x is going to win. All right, and she got your happy but then you're like the sun is gonna really bitch shame like he has in the past. Yeah, John can be changed to be talking all that riffraff. And then as soon as John come with me, we're going to want to go back to jail. I want a problem that only his friends or something. Yeah, and I think actually when we are going to work it out or not, they're going to go to counseling or if it just took this moment to realize they had to work on some things but I do Think they're going to work on their relationship. Nice. You touched on each and everyone one. Very nice. Yes, Andre and Lamar. I sound like a broken record, but we love them together and I do hope that they're able to see the error of their ways. I like the fact that she flipped that like in two seconds. She literally you put hands on in bed and was ready to take him out. And then as soon as she talked to the brother she was like, okay my bad Alicia she did and she was dead wrong. And yes, you did assaulted him ma'am potato tomato. Yeah. The meth people I think they're gonna say doing math. They're disgusting. Like who is she talking to girl Tracy and Clint are just made for each other so I don't see them going anywhere. I think they're magnetism that keeps them together after all this time is the drugs. You're right, but even when one is sober the other one seems to be doing but they ain't got no business. So they're always trying to save each other in some capacity to hell with them both. Um the oh John. No, that's nice. Yes, John and Leigh Daisy and Shane are hilarious because yes, I see don't having a physical altercation and I see John whooping that and I think he's going to do it with him with a two-piece but I don't see him being like a punk. I don't think he's gonna be like don't hit man and I feel like he's going to be popping off just like you said and they always go come out of nowhere and be like, we ain't even doing all this why pop and he just gonna be down for the count of like what I was going to let him but me up like this. I think it's sad, but it's very fun and other Why does going to go down because it is gonna go down Miss. Maria is going to whip their butt. But I don't see Maria being scary. I think she's gonna talk a whole lot of mess to the like all up in her butt. Like it's gonna be one of those situations until it's not you know what I mean? Like she's going to take her out and she was like, oh, maybe I shouldn't have done that. Yeah. All right. I think Tony and Angela are continually going to be jokes and they're just going to end up kind of I would like to See them going to the pastor Korver. They saw the first time and I would like them to keep doing that every day. I still don't respect their relationship. I think Clinton Tracy they're going to get back together, but I would love for it to finish off with Clint finally leaving her but I don't think we're going to see Tracey anymore. I think it's more not going to be one of those phone call arguments thing and then I'm leaving those phone. Yeah. Yeah. I would love to see him get a manicure, please. Hey, Lacey and Shane. I want John to pop up, but I don't want him to fight Shane. I think his presence was enough to push Shane over the edge. I think that's enough to make Shane cry to be honest. And I would love for John to just say me and Lacey kissed and that would be it for Shane. I believe that isn't all they destroyed as a man. Maybe he'll walk in. In on this you think Shane so you think like she would have John at her house or wherever yeah, I don't know how exactly but I feel like it's going to be some situation where he's going to catch her. I don't think nobody's going to actually tell him it's going to have to be in the ACT. I think Lisa's probably gonna be the one to text him and be like, um, I'm here with John but don't worry about it and the drawers location. Tell yourself Andre and Lamar, I love them. They're going to stay together. They're going to work it out. They need counseling to and then Sarah, haha. Everything I said to you. We're all rooting for you. Everything I said has already happened. So I'm just going to say it again. She's going to approach Maria. Maria is not going to have it. I honestly feel like her in my car going to get physical during the night. I don't know if they're gonna have sex don't know somebody's gonna get some lick, but something is going to happen. Yeah, that's Sarah's going to feel like she has a 1 upon Maria. She's gonna throw it in her face. Maria is going to be pushed over the edge. Then nobody's going to touch anybody because producers are going to stop it. Yeah, but I definitely agree with you there because why else are you driving in the middle of the night to This Woman's hotel right there by nothing you have to say that expertly if you didn't lock lips or lock Something Wicked Man physically, why would you be concerning yourself? What was going on at the hotel? Yeah. I guess we're going to see but in the meantime you guys can make sure to follow us on our social media. You can find me on Instagram and Twitter as I am be underscore Cheyenne CH I am Danny where can they find you guys you guys can find me on all social media at I am Lake seafarers. I am L exif IE rce. Check me out oig my name is Katie Kaboom k8ttie would like to thank you for tuning in to AfterBuzz TV. Remember, we're not just the first were the Biggest in the world and were the only destination for all your favorite TV shows whatever you crave. We've got it. So go to AfterBuzz tv.com and check out our lineup Buzz ya later. Hmm use express herein are those of the host only you do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or its owners our principal.