This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacherAt Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We good is this second class? There's this their class if you guys had break yet. Second class so we haven't had coffee yet. All right, so we're little you have coffee back there. Nice. Well, honestly, thank you again for having me come and share super excited about being here with you guys. I'm actually a graduate of cf&i graduated about six years ago or so. And so I love see if my love love love see if an ICF and I changed my life for the better. I learned a ton here. And so I was in your son and your seat not this room because this form I don't think was here back then. I think it's probably the coolest room. I've been at it see if and I like I think this whole thing is cool. Suddenly. I'm excited. I've got Sarah which is my wife and she's also a graduate of cf&i. She's amazing if that in Lola lasagne Lola she seeing she's part of upper room as well. She's a graduate of cf&i and we've got Jerusalem, which is amazing. You're awesome is leads. Social media content creator for us it up room. So that's the squad as well as Matthew over here. In math is also a graduate of cf&i. Some of you guys probably know him because he was here a couple years ago. I think you I've seen you before see ya you guys know each other. So anyway, I'm super super excited to be here. So we have about 45 minutes in my goal is to talk about culture and then for you guys to walk away feeling like either one. Culture is really important. So I'm going to start thinking about culture as a leader or two. I already know culture is really important. And so to I'm going to really start thinking how I can Implement culture and see areas that have not implemented culture and why those things would help me because I think culture is really really really really important show of hands who is in a position of leadership right now. Leadership anywhere it can be at Starbucks. It could be at youth group could be at your church. You can be as a worship team lift up your hands. Cool, so it's over we're over like half of the room in a position of leadership. What's up, bro? What here what we'll do is I'm going to go through culture at the end. We're going to do some discussion more like QA will have some questions answers and really dive in because if I talk for 30 minutes, you guys are still kind of scratch your head about what we mean, then it's really no use and I really want to provide you guys as much much much value as possible. Is that good? So one if you guys have a question is we're talking literally just raise your hand or just shout it out. I'll have the same thing with Sarah and you LaJoie anybody that has like Anything else to add because this whole hour is about you guys and you guys walking out here learning right? So I get out of the way that's cool. If they jump in that's cool too. They're good. So when it comes to culture like I want to hear from you guys, what what do you guys think? I know that Aaron taught on Tuesday. So tell me some words that you guys think when you when you think of culture like what comes to mind. What is it beliefs? Okay anybody else? So that attitude like attitudes like okay Behavior anybody else the vibe? I like that one for its for sure The Bobbsey you said beliefs attitude the vibe anybody else over here? So that yes you need correct? Yeah, totally that's true anybody else? There's no wrong answer. Really. I mean what is culture? I mean if you'd asked me what culture is such a broad word that I can also say hip hop hip hop is culture. Right? Like we've got worship culture. We've got prayer culture. We've got like like Supreme Mike hypebeast culture, right? And then we also have cold share like you guys said attitude its belief which is the one that we're talking a lot about Cuteness in this room, but I always think about that like when we talk about culture, why is it that immediately outside of this class? If we say culture people for the most part especially in like there's 17 to 25 year olds, they're probably going to think Hip-hop music Supreme hypebeast shoes Instagram, right? Like those are those are words that they come to mind which are great and there's a reason why people that age or thinking about words like that and are not thinking Beliefs or attitudes and so one of the event to that a little bit so I'm a part of the up room like Aaron said and a big big big cultural work for us is prayer prayer and Worship You guys probably know that yeah, if you guys have been a brown the up room you guys know that we talk about prayer all the time. And so I think when people think of the upper room now the probably going to think worship. Or they're going to think prayer and for us a pretty related, right it's worship and prayer but there's a reason how that has come about. There's a ton of other churches around the country and run world that do prayer and worship. But I think there's a reason why upper room is so stamped on prayer and worship in that that kind of worship that up room does whether it's like spontaneous or would you describe it in yellow? Relational, that's great. And I'm using a broom as an example because there's I think a lot of us whoever knows of up room could relate and they think about that culture that up room is created, right and so one that's not unintentional. Can you guys say intentional intentional? So the first thing is that culture really really is intentional like culture isn't. It doesn't just happen and if it does just happen then it's probably the culture that you don't want to build. Right and I think that's really important for a lot of people in this room. Especially as Leaders. You guys are already creating a culture and if you don't know that you're creating a culture then like I said, you probably creating either the wrong culture or you feel really confident about the culture that you creating, but I want to even dive into that because I really really believe that as Leader you reproduce after your own self. Have you guys noticed that anybody in the room is a leader that can stand up and or at least just shout out like I've noticed that in the room, I know I have for myself. You're shaking your hand saying, yes. What do you leave? Okay youth pastor. So how's your core team? Are they I mean tell me about them. Like what are they like? Yeah. Yeah. the Practical stuff period so like if I walk into your team meetings, what's it like yeah. You've had them for a while. Oh really? Well, that's good. Well, so as a leader like you would have noticed is that you reproduce after your own self and so stepping into the upper room who's not four years ago three four years ago or so. There's really no there was no Creative Media team. There's Justin was already working there. There was Olsen there's Matt fish. But the one thing that was missing was a culture. There's no sort of like glue and a lot of people said it well. Survived its attitude there's a beliefs but there's really no glue, which is what I consider culture to be bring in those three four people together. So there was like the audio department doing their thing. There's a video Department doing their thing is a source to deploying doing their own thing. And so there's really nothing kind of putting us all together. And so what I came in the first thing that I intended to do is create a culture because I really really believe that culture is nothing when it comes to team because we can have We can have a really big team but a really big team without a strong culture really will die and I've noticed that like whether it's a youth group that has a really strong team of 10, but if I walk in and and and I see the core group of 10 people and they all sound different look different tastes different smell different say different and it's all just scattered. I think from the outside. Coming in I look at that and like like I look at it. I'm saying like what am I? What am I signing up to? Like, what is this place? So it looks scattered. Right? Like it just looks scattered. Have you guys ever walked into a place like that to a core team or whether it's a church or to a youth group or to worship team you walk in so I've been a part of a lot of worship teams in the past. I did drums in the past and any time I walked in to plagues. I'm a drummer for a leader. I walked in and like the guitar players doing something and bass players in something else. And the keys players doing something else in the leaders doing something else and I'm like, so what are you doing? Really really trying to sound like they're trying to sound like that for or a privilege is culture or Planet shakers are like, what's what's the vibe? Right? Like, what are you going after and if a leader doesn't step up and say hey, this is how we're sounding like this is how we're talking. This is you know, these are the songs that were singing This is why we're doing it like if leader doesn't come and do those things then people are scattered and how many Above heard without Vision people perish right and so as a leader your job is to create Vision or have Vision but as your job is to actually so if you know vision is to create language for that Vision because you may know the vision, but if people don't know the vision, then they're scattered in the probably will perish and that probably shows up and having a really quick or fast turnover in your core. Group of people. Does that make sense? Okay. So I've some definitions about culture that I really like. So one definition is culture is a word for the way of life of groups of people meaning the way people do things. So it's a word for the way of life like way of life is culture. Another one culture is a particular set of Customs morals codes and traditions, which is I think what you said Vibe, I think that that hits it this one are especially Culture encompasses religion food what we wear how we wear our language marriage music what we believe is right and wrong how we sit at the table how we greet visitors how we behave with loved ones and a million other things all those things our culture. Yeah the world. Okay. So this one's crazy the word culture derives from the Latin word. Kool-Aid So it's co LL. ER e sounds like correlate like run, but it's called it a which is which it means to tend to Earth. So it's to tend to the Earth and grow or cultivate and nurture. So it's actually related to actively fostering growth culture is go to La. Yeah, so it's cor e So, you know that isn't that a word in Spanish Khaled. Sorry. That's that's one. It's this one. Call it a like that e like that Colony. So we've invited means it's to tend to the Earth and grow to cultivate to nurture and it's related to actively fostering growth. So raise of hands like who wants growth in your team youth group in your whatever whatever you're leaving. I think this is Youth and Leadership, but but growth is directly related to the culture that you create in your Him, so it's really important right like culture because it's actively fostering growth. Yeah, and so I want to get into here in a little bit want to get into like how we actually like cultivate culture and how we create it and what we do. I know that Aaron talked about that on Tuesday, but I feel like they still need to like dive into culture like why it's important to just feel like there's still some people are like, oh like cultures cool, but that's probably the last thing on my list right? Does anyone relate to that like, oh it's important. But like, how do I go about that you do? Why is it? Where am I? Do you have do you have a group of friends? What's it like? Yeah, how many people are in your friend group? You don't like a quarterback people. Yeah, which is a here's the thing. Like I heard this the other day like little I truly believe that everybody is a leader, right? I believe that everybody is a leader. That's why I asked you that like it could be in your friend group, but does it have to be in youth group? I think that at this age I'm 29. And so I'm stepping into a place of leadership that was greater than out when I was 25 and when I was 21, and it looks like leadership, but at 21 I was leading as well. When there's leading my friends and not hey, I'm the leader of this group. But that's just something that I did at 21 or at 23. We're at 25 and so I think that like as people in this in this class as a leader. I think it's really important to still think about culture and what it is that you're creating after yourself because there's something about there's something about clicks or groups of people that hang out and do one thing that's really attractive. Yeah, whether you like it or not. Like we said like Supreme High peace and all that stuff. Like there's something about a group of people that sound one way. Look one way feel One Way taste one way that people kind of want to be around it. I think it's kind of what we saw, you know, when Jesus and his 12 disciples like it was Jesus and it's 12 and they were doing one thing. He said come follow me we're going to do this thing. I'm Sure, there's a lot of people attracted to that right there was there was an attraction he obviously lived with them you did everything with them. And so if I'm looking at like if I'm sitting there and I'm looking at like Jesus and 12 doing the same thing eating dinner eating right like like supper eating their whole thing going up prayer go into the river go into the leg doing all that stuff. Like there's something that's really really attractive about a group of people coming together and doing one thing regardless of What that is like whether it's prayer its worship where it's youth or or it's media for us. But as a leader, I think it's really really important to want to know that and to really start thinking about culture in this way his Jesus created a culture, you know, whether we see it to Kingdom culture for sure, but he created a culture within that Kingdom culture. That was his 12 culture. And what was that? Like, I think a lot of people can probably say like whether that was having dinner around the table, I think. Two huge part of culture like that was a huge part of what Jesus did in his leadership that said, you know, what eating around the table is really important for me as a leader and I want it to be really important for you. Does that make sense? So they did that but that was a direct representation of what Jesus believed to be a core value as a leader getting around the table. I know and you Lola loves Love's Love's the table, but how awesome doing a little like how how it has gone around like getting around the table created culture for the 12. Yes. So if I have a garden and I'll let my garden grow by default then is going to be a bunch of weeds so good. Yeah. So good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody does yeah. Is that at some point there's this really rich time and then everyone kind of grows and grows out and yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. To live the way yeah. Yeah. You've seen fruit from that. Yeah, is it costly? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Came on Earth. It cost him everything. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. I loved it gathering around the table is a part of your culture as core values, which we'll talk about in a little bit. So I have I've for things if you're writing down any notes, this will be good to write for things that culture actively does. Can you guys actively actively so it intentionally actively does so the first thing is that culture attracts now I talked about A little bit so culture. Like I said culture has a way of attracting people as a way of attracting that that youth leader that you're looking for or that worship leader that you're looking for or that friend that you're looking for. Probably better than anything. I know like culture really really attracts humans and at the end of the day, especially Especially in a youth group. We need people to accomplish what we're doing because who knows like we can't do anything alone. You can't do anything alone. Especially now that you need people to accomplish the things that you're wanting to accomplish. Especially if you want to do big things and excellent things because I I don't believe in you know, like the Jack of all trades. I think that you really really need people. I love how you said, you know, I've got someone that's a you just describe different personalities that were different than you and and that's great. So like culture attracts and cultural attract the right kind of people because of cultures Wrong, then culture will attract like-minded people people that are attracted to the thing that you've created. Yeah, and so that's why in my opinion even then. It's like cultures really important create it really strongly and it's almost like a it's almost like a shining light on the hill like that City on a Hill you look at it. And you say oh I know what they're like, I know what they sound like. I know what they like. I know what they do. I know how to come in and that's culture so culture really attracts that make sense. Anybody have questions there and then second thing that culture does is culture so that it tracks and then second thing is culture on boards people well. on board and so once they're attracted they come in and they knock at your door and say what's your name James man? I really really really love what you're doing. Like, how can I be a part? And what culture does is it on boards that human being really well because when they're asking that they already know what they're coming into right? I think whether it's they know how to dress or they know what music to listen to or it music not to listen to like there are a lot of things that you don't have to specifically say, but Of culture culture will communicate because culture is active. And so the stronger culture you create the stronger onboarding you can bring people on to your team and especially your core team. So when that next person comes and says James like man, I love what you're doing. There's two different scenarios that can happen James. Are you just really really want to be a part of your team? But tell me like what you believe in tell me how we're going to do it right like in go through a list of questions or they can just come in and say James I love what you've done because I've seen it and I want to be a part of that and then they just submit underneath that thing. Yeah, so culture on boards really? Well, the third thing is that culture scales or grows your team. So from attraction it on boards, it's scales. / egg grows your team culture you can smell it. You really can like you can smell it. You can see it from Far. Like I said like that City on the hill and so the stronger the culture like people will just start smelling it they'll be attracted to it. They'll on board to it. And before you know, it you'll have a lot of people part of your culture and so culture really really helps grow your team. I've seen it happen in the teams that we've LED. I've seen people come be attracted Beyond boarded and then after I like I look, I can do my men that core team that we had that was 3/4 is now 12 is now XX is now 40 is now 50 is now going to be the more than that, but it really started with the culture and it's like a like a like a core. It's like a it's a core think culture is and then it just gets spread and spread and spread because if you don't have a culture then if you're growing you can still grow without a culture, but if you don't have a culture. Are growing in a way that you probably don't want to grow that you're probably going to start walking in. You're going to start seeing things. You may not like you're going to start smelling things. You may not like but the stronger the culture the stronger the people in that team will be yeah, so that's its scaling growing and then the fourth thing that culture does and we've seen it happen a ton is culture brings Unity. Like there's there's there's a Oneness to culture that brings unity and something we say at The Upper Room a lot is is fuel which is Faith Unity encounter Liberty, but it takes Unity like John 17, it takes Unity really want I believe to please the heart of the Lord like when we're in unity when we're together. There's something special there the Lord's there. We're Unity. We can talk the same we can smell the same. We can look the same and I think that's really really important to be in unity like Like an example for us when it comes to Unity and this isn't necessarily just unity and heart. This is also unity and how we do things. Like this is my brother Matthew and we've created a culture in Camera World and social media world and in writing like content creating media creative world. Then when people come on there's already an understanding of how we film what we don't film what we do film how we edit how we post how we write a caption right? Like there's all those things. I really don't even have to say it like he's holding like he's doing the right way, and I don't think I've really had a conversation with you today, but but There's a community in a submission because of culture. He's picked up on it. Obviously you worked with us, but he's picked up on it and it goes with every volunteer that we have at The Upper Room, especially in Creative Media world like uni is huge in a team. And so if you want Unity, I think culture is really the way to go. Yeah. So those are the four things. Unity which is Oneness consistency repetition all that stuff any questions on those four. That's like what do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? No, Joe there anything? Yeah, okay. So it was culture attracts culture on boards culture scales and culture brings Unity. Let me see how much I have of 10:30. Okay. So who here knows about core values and we talk about culture but like core values. Is anyone talked about core values and class. Do you guys create core values? You have core values? Yeah. Can you guys name some of those like what our core values for you? What are you individually or and see if not, I or Starbucks just anywhere Integrity. Okay, that's a good one. Who else break bread like communion you care about that good anybody else? Surrender, that's a core value. Okay. So one thing that we want to do this exercise here in a little bit. So if we look at culture and we say okay I get it Johnny culture is really important. How do I create culture? How do I develop execute culture kind of like Aaron said well culture and I heard him say that it takes language, right? You need it. You need it share the same things and so but even before we go into like how Weekly culture I almost want to step back and say okay. What are those core values? And how do I come up with core values for myself? So that's really what I want to walk you want you guys to walk away with like okay there I need to create culture but like is surrender. Mine like you maybe like no surrenders dumb. Like I don't really want surrender or if Integrity mind and hopefully it is especially at see if and I but like but but but like your core values may not be his core values and that's totally okay right like Like I've one thing that I've noticed and I don't know if I'm going to step on anyone's toes like like as a leader you set the course for your team, but you're also different like everybody here is unique and it's really really important to be authentic to yourself. It's so important because one if you put on obviously like David, you know puts on Saul's armor. That's no good. Right because you can't you can't do much with it. But if you put on every single morning, A leadership robe that's not yours. You may be able to carry it for a day or two or a week or a couple months but sooner than later and it will come you can get real tired. Like you just will get tired. You'll get tired of adopting core values from another leader or doing things that other people do and so don't do that. Yeah, like don't don't don't look at other people and say man. I see how they do it. I want to do it the same especially if it's not authentic to you. Right like for me. I'm I'm I'm not like a pep rally kind of leader. Like I'm not going to get in here and like huddle up and get like testosterone going and like right like screaming at the top of my lungs. That's just not me but they also might do that Justin's at kind of maybe maybe they're like Johnson's different than I am and so for me, I've had to learn how I still motivate push Inspire my team. and I'm not you're not going to see me doing a I don't know if I want to sit like a youth pastor type rally pre-service to get everybody pumped and then I walk away and think like man that was so stupid. Like what did I do that? Or that wasn't me? You know, like that's just not me for me. I'd rather do like I'd rather build like a really strong core team of four five to ten and have individual conversations. How are you doing? I probably know how you're doing before, you know, you're doing for me because I feel like I'm better one-on-one and I really care like I really care about you. I really care about Joe and so for me how to motivate and how to get and Beyond rossum's team because he's part of my team is I just really have to know him and love him not for me. It's not necessarily rather than 32 pulling with the bat and like pep rally and up. That's just not my type of leadership, but I've recognized that Yeah, and and there are a lot of people especially Church world. I see it all the time like, you know, like on the count of three or like like hey this Sunday morning we're going to do and here's the thing if that's you I love it. There's no this to it. It's just not me. And so also want to give you Freedom if that's not you then it doesn't have to be you and if it and if you looks like hosting dinner on Saturday night every Saturday night to break bread with your team and have dinner whether it's pizza and orange. Is or or wings and Coke on Saturday night? And then there you prep for Sunday morning, then that's great like find out whatever works for you and then do that. Yeah, that makes sense and it may be different for everybody again. So so knowing your core values like I want to find that out in one thing that I've noticed and this is exercise. We're going to do here in a little bit. So I'll need everybody attention is you come up with the core values according to who you are. As a leader, yeah and and according to so so here's what we'll do is according to who you are. So if I put a little room Johnny and I'm thinking man, I have no idea what I really care about then we just write them down like like it's super super simple. Right? Like it could be really simple, but I think especially at this age if you guys don't have a strong position of leadership, it's fine, but at least you can start crafting that up right now and if We haven't like really the other team then you're probably eating and if you don't know your core values, you're probably leading astray. And and and that's okay. Like we still have time we're in class. Right? Like we're in class. It's okay. You're not leading them to death. Like they're going to be fine. People are going to be fine. But one thing I do want to do is in here in a bit. We'll get into Pairs and I want to come up with core values for everybody like every single person. So we'll we'll get into pairs here a little bit and I want you to just ask each other are there you tell it to the other person and there's literally could be through a conversation. It could be in both points and just say hey like hear things that I really really care about and you start writing them down. It could be bullet points and be a paragraph and here's an example of that Joe. Tell me what you care about. Okay, so core team being happy something else hard work. Okay, then it is probably more but that's good. Okay. So G has a that Forge awesome. It's his core team, which is another one to like like leadership and team it. My opinion care about your core team first because those core team will care about the other team and the other team will care about the other team. And so there's been times when I've had to go at bat is I care more about my core team than anybody else. But but that's mine. Right like if that's something you really care about is that the adjustment with the cares about and so go about so for him. It's core team being happy which happens in important word some people here, maybe like, I don't really care of my team's happy. I just want them to work hard. Well, that's the team that you're building and that's okay, but they're probably not going to be happy. Right? So don't complain when they're like man when I really don't want to work here anymore. I really don't want to be part of the team. I'm just not feeling him just not vibing. I'm just not happy. Well, it's a direct relation to the design that you created that team to be. Yeah. So for Joe, it looks like his core team being happy hard work which something. About that team. It's like man. I'm really happy. This is also going to be on me to heart work really hard. So if I'm in his team and I'm is hurt his core team and one day I'm like bro, like this is just hard like you're pushing me to our he can say, well, you know that your son dup so hard working team. Like if you don't want to work hard then don't be a part of this team. Right. So now you've created like boundaries and almost you almost like you pick the bananas from the apples like okay here these and there may be a team what people don't want to work hard. So go work over there, but in my team for me and my house, we're working hard. Yeah, so that's that's hard work. And then loyalty is really important. So loyalty, right if there's a situation I bet with drawsome where he needs to be some of his teammates need to be loyal to him. Or not. I mean I bet that he would over value loyalty then a lot of other things and they handed him. I don't deliver what is wrong. It's not like royalty over forgiven. You know, I mean, there's a lot there obviously when it comes to Jesus like he's ultimate truth and that's it. Right but there's a lot of other things like like, I don't know maybe I may not care about loyalty that much. I don't know. I know Sarah does says is like crazy. I The most important one just because I know her so sometimes are so that so then we think that these are three really good ones. I'm going to give you a list of and we've got got a couple more minutes. I'm going to give you a list of some core values that have read from companies like Google Apple Nike that I really really really like so promoting Innovation promoting Innovation innovation. For me is really important and so for me promoting Innovation brings people their Innovative and it compels people to be Innovative in my team because I promote innovation. We may not and that's okay always celebrate successes. So you guys killed it on a Sunday morning if you always celebrate successes and that's part of your core values people will know and so people will catch on to like oh, I'm gonna succeed because I get celebrated and or something like that. I know that if I had a home run I'm going to go to the bench and there's someone going to be there be like my goodness James. You killed it. Here's a here's a gift card or whatever that may be right like so that could be part of core values. This is They're really like it's best to do one thing. Well, that's a core value. You can always say that hey, I know you're trying to do 10 different things. It's best to do one thing. Well that way if you're working with me, do you know that and so as you're working on 10 different things and think man, John is going to be mad because I can do 10 things. You have that culture of mine. You know, you have my voice in your in your head. Oh, no, it's best to do one thing. Well, so now you now, you know, I'm not gonna be mad that you can do. In things as long as you do one thing really well, right. Domino's in hand with fast is better than slow fast is better than slow. So. Fast is better than slow. Hey, I know you want to do one thing really. Well sidenote fast is better than slow. So hurry up. You know and let me see. Let me feel weird. Maybe some people want to take your time. I don't know but for me fast is better than slow and there's actually not my core values. I just read a bunch of like Google Apple Nike some of them. I really messed with and I really like there's always more information out there. That's one. It's probably Google's great just isn't good enough. Positivity always wins is a really good one Innovation. I said I'm going to blow up and then exceeding expectations and these are all pretty like metric based like how you're doing how you're performing. There's a lot more like like like we said sitting at the table, you know, one-on-one conversations. Call me if you ever need me need anything. Hey, you're more important than what you do, like, right. There's a lot of those kind of things and so What did we end up five? Right 10:45? Okay. So what I was going to do is we're going to do some like an exercise what people get with each other and like talk about these core values. But instead since we're in class this could just be homework. Yeah. So if you guys should write it down I recommend the more you put into this. It's really really going to help it can be a list of 10 different things. Like it can be 15 different things. It can be a paragraph that says here's how I want my team to be I wanted to love coffee and I want them to love Jesus and at the same time to let people in to sell it right like whatever it is. Just write that down. And then here's the other thing that I think is going to be really freeing like not everybody is going to be want to be a part of your team. There's there's there's no there's no perfect team and there's no perfect like leader to that team. And so I really believe what's your name? Yes. Ooh, what's up, bro? I really believe like yessir so unique and so different than a lot of us that like his team is going to be really really different than my team and and I really think that people should be able to choose. His team on my team or your team and it doesn't he may he may like freaking out outwork and outsmart and outperform my team. I don't know but that's why there's 32 teams in the NFL. There's Belichick. There's Garrett right? There's the Eagles. There's a cowboy there's a Patriots and the Chiefs one and then the Patriots won and the Eagles won like everybody has a shot. Right. So so take that away like well, what is that? Perfect team? Let me look at like how to how does Bethel do team? I just really think it's different for everybody and I think the more authentic you are to yourself as a leader the more fruit you'll see because also the Lord blesses individual like the Lord will bless it. Like, how is the Lord made you I don't know. But however these made you I bet those are really great characteristics that you can develop into your team. And they look different than his and then different than his, you know what I mean? Like, yeah, so we're going to say okay that makes sense. So we're you guys then it's not together, but get with a friend and then just share here. My core values are here some you not to use the word core values that may sound to business and corporate e you can just say like hey here are things that I really really stand for or I really really care about their 10 things. And then if you do have a team last part, I was super and super fast if you do have it. Team, and I hope this is valuable to you. If you do have a team and you have those core values or the things that you're standing for. Please put them on the wall put them somewhere send them through text communicate them consistency repetition those things really really matter.