Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to other you could share everybody, right? What's be asking? Okay, so I don't go by a last name. Hmm. Oh, you really aren't just pretty soon. Well. I'll I'll try to because I have my maiden name. I have my married name then I'm divorced and now I'm engaged so it's kind of like legally. I'm the same last name as my kids. But when I do something or like would work or whatever. It is I like to just go by my name because I feel like that's me. I feel like that's the one consistent that I've had my entire life like since the day. I'm bored. I knew always been Breezy. So the day I'm born and the hot my parents are in the hospital and my father forgot the name, but they picked out three and he by accident called me Breezy and its back since then, so when I was even in high school, I went to Central and at the time his brand was the principal and she's from Staten Island. She knew me. So like the first month I was there she gets on the loudspeaker and go and Breezy. Can you please come to the office and my teacher wouldn't let me out of class because legally, it's not my name and that's not the name that they had. Wow, and I remember Lauren who your friends are ghosts. It was in class Lawrence. I've no I tell you I promise I've known her forever. Her name is really Breezy. It's amazing So for anybody who doesn't know greasy and you're living under a rock greasy actually has a store called Breezies and Breezies was Always Breezies. I think I know you when it was Heavy Seas. No, I don't think I know you from getting. All right, I do. I know you threw a lord. So right so we know each other back like technically I think college days. Yeah fine and but I didn't know that you even had a store called remember like let's say the reintroduction of our friendship was when you own Breezies, we drink formerly cutsies and I used to buy things in your store and you would give me bags. I said cats he's on them. Yes, and I probably still have somewhere and we still have big that they can't see them. Because we were cleaning up recently and we found a whole bunch. So now anybody can buy sale stuff get these really cool vintage bag. It's a catchy cemented very nice. I like that. It's a nice Twist on it. Well, can you I'd love to hear because this part of your story. I don't know is how techies started so I work I went to college. I actually have a degree in marketing management and a minor in accounting. So I have like a real business degree. I graduated top of my class I would Ducted into the business Honors Society. I actually was accepted to Wharton so like I have that whole background behind me that I then at the time I met who's gonna be my husband and my TV or college and I decided like it's not to go to graduate school and to kind of move on in the marriage Direction my parents weren't family business. So my plan has always been to go into the family business. So I kind of felt like why do I need to go to graduate school? Like I was single I would have gone. I don't really need it. So I chose to get married and when I graduated I went to work for the family business and it's Building Supplies construction material like anybody who ever see like construction trucks on the road. Like that's what's causing traffic at six o'clock in the morning. Thanks for easy. So somebody's got to be there to open up to get the trucks out of the warehouse at five o'clock in the morning. And that was me. Oh, wow. Yeah, so like I would get up and go to work. Work at five o'clock in the morning and then I was pregnant with my son and I'm like, that's it. What am I going to do? Like how it was a baby with dealing with this. My father was wonderful. My father's like we're going to make a nursery for you in the office and we even tried doing that for like a little bit but I kind of felt like also like a lot of people in their building houses. It's very stressful time for most people. There's a lot going on. There's a lot you don't anticipate so your I just can't play on the phone with people who are very like, And the stress that it's a huge money Endeavor and it's never like a fun conversation. It's so I decided I wanted to do something fun. But I open up can't see it's which was like a house where giftware on store like now I'm dealing with people who are making some hug. You're making a wedding and it gave the party. You're going some different apis for lunch. Like that was my getting into Fun. Wow. So do you so customer service for you was fun, right? I also enjoy talking to people I enjoy being with people. 'well, I mean even like the stressful stuff. I still enjoy it. It's great because it's mine right? That's so nice and I was on Central Avenue right in our in our neck of the woods in Long Island because I see Central Avenue was if everyone in the world should know what it is and I'm an out-of-towner. So like it's even worse when I do it. I think yeah, if you are from here and you say Central Avenue where you say Long Island, you think everyone knows you're from here I get it. I should know better because people in Seattle don't know what Central Avenue is right? It's just One Avenue with some killer shopping and really good food and all the Jews in the five towns. And so I should know better and it's a pretty useful because when we go on like a wafer like vacation or whatever it is that I always say I'm like I want to go to like these cute little quaint little town. Yeah and everybody's like you live in what about is what if we just don't think of it that I'm expected everything we need right? So it's not a She was very like an endearing name. So when I renamed it, we're like what am I going to call it now? Like what? My name is Breezy and that's what everybody like will first math. And the interesting thing is when it was catch these people come and call me ketse. That's funny. Right because it's Gonna Hurt except maybe the store. So I'm like I may as well just call it Breezy. So we switch the name to Breezies and I actually moved a few blocks down to a larger location and that's when we started doing all the cooking and baking because this was like for the end of my divorce already so during the beginning of my divorce my kids were very little so I would go at night to Manhattan for The Institute of Culinary education and I would school they're so cool. So I was doing like culinary classes at night and then it came time for graduation time. And then you have to do like an internship in a restaurant or whatever it is and had two little kids at home at the time. My daughter was one and my son was three like it just wasn't conducive so I never actually finished my degree, but you got a lot. The education I got all the education out of it. I just don't have like an official certificate or anything when she got your own story almost like what do you need it for? I know right? Maybe I shouldn't say that although I think that but I use that as a jumping off ground because now I sell sold, you know, or sell all the cooking and baking supplies that you need and the food stuff and people come in and ask me for crazy things and I actually know what you're talking about. And if I don't have it I can get it or tell you girls can get it for you. I'm still love what Isis out for anyone who doesn't know this is a little school racist all caramel. Dairy-free caramels Cara - smells because I'm Mel. It was super cheesy, but I would come into you to get the chocolate because you get these incredible huge bars of really high-quality chocolate and I would do I was addicted to your store. I'm used to said cakes. I would get everything from we used to sell your caramels in the store gave on that was so fun. Are you did like a demo again in the back by you? I went to a demo actually like a million years ago. And I guess she's what on Instagram Esther Esther and Sasha. Yeah, and I remember the first time I Her was in a demo and you were like to know Esther's amazing. I'm like, I didn't really follow a lot of social media that and I'm like, I know who this lady is it she's amazing. I mean look at her but I actually she's like a sweetheart professional. So yeah anyone who you are close with Breezy is a sweetheart of a person that's like a rule I live by but I also tell you that I'm very I've learned as I've gotten older like I don't need a lot of friends. I just need some good friends, and I also learned a long time ago that I accept. People for who they are meaning like I'm going to be friends with you. I'm gonna take you to the good and the bad and the crazy and the van and I'm going to choose and I remember the first time I met Esther and this is like before she was Esther and Sasha is before sashes and picture. I went to her house for the first Couture for cause could be highly sought me into that which is like saved my life and my sister said to me she goes like Oh, what's your story? I said, I'm getting divorced. She goes. Okay. I'm telling you where I hide the key to my house ever need anything if something's gone crazy. Here's the key. You know me from a hole in the wall. You just met me and she's like telling me where she hides the key and I should come bring my kids swimming and like all this crazy stuff and nobody know like that's the side of her that I know that's amazing. Yeah, but she's just a good person, but I really do think that you and we actually recently had a conversation was it we were at Allenby. Yes, we were talking about trusting people and look. How do you figure out and I'm going to say something like may be controversial a little bit but like you and I both grew up, Up. Thank God we grew up in good households with parents were together and and there was money in the picture and we didn't need or want for things right and it becomes a as you get older and things change and people change and people start to see you in different lights and they start to become friends with you because we have money or because you have status and not even asking you and I really like appreciate this conversation. How do you learn to trust people when you don't when they're new in your life? You don't know I don't know. You don't know what they're after. Um, I don't I'm very cautious with people in general. I happen to be a very shy person who which most people don't know until you like really get to know me and then I call you up and I'm like, okay, we're supposed to go somewhere and I do not want to go low and I do not want to walk into the room alone. And please keep him with me because I'm very embarrassed. So I have I'm very shy I think also just growing up my parents really instilled with me that whatever my parents have is my parents. It's not mine. And to this day, I really believe that it's not my like why am I entitled would just because I'm born you I didn't do anything to earn it's not mine. That's it. And I think that my parents like made me also like I worked in college and I worked in part of high school. So even then like when people would be like, oh Breezy like whatever I'm like, I'm not picking up the bill. I'm not paying um, and I kind of weeds people out a lot of times. Um, Oh, I think I'm slow to trust but once I trust you, that's it. You're going to your life. I love so good. Oh my goodness. Well, I'm actually curious if you I mean, I know you did an entire podcast which I could not stop listening to what's on its image over it. What the good week shoot. Oh my God, Donna. I love you why we're forgetting that in your podcast with a good sign. Yes a good time and this you did an entire interview talking about your divorce. Horse and the abuse at that you went through and a lot of the aftermath - right and if you're willing to share a little bit of that I do recommend by the way for people who want to hear everything for an interview definitely go check out that podcast because I know it's on Spotify for sure and I could share it afterwards because it really was I'll share it and like yeah, I'll do a little blurb below and I'll share that two people can listen to it also, but if you're if you're up for it around to share a little bit because I feel like you are a hustler. You just said it right like what? Your parents had is what they had you made your life and you have made it what it is. So love you to share a little bit about that experience. I mean, I think that I was always very driven since I was a little kid and I always wanted to do stuff and be stuff and and make a name for myself. And so I always like that was my personality when I was married. Um, it was very tough my ex-con. He needed to be the star of the show and during our marriage. I really put myself a lot of back burner just for or what he needed or he wants it or whatever it was and looking back on it. Now. I realize like a lot of different situations and and like when I talk on podcast and stuff, I don't get into like the nitty-gritty situations because I don't know if my kids are going to listen to this and they don't need to hear that was a while though. Rest of the world can hear it. I don't want my kids. I don't think it's appropriate for that. So I you know after I got divorced and I started seeing a therapist and started dealing with like the Steps and stages of grieving process and the healing process and I remember my therapist said to me he goes. Well, who's Breezy know, what are you talking about? Because well, who do you want to be like me he goes you right now could be whoever you want to be. You can be known for whatever you want. You could be defined for your personality goes choose. I was like, this is awesome. And I'm like, I want to be that happy person. I want to be the fun person. I want to be the person that you know, you can rely on I want to be the person that gives back. I want to be the person who's strong enough to take care of myself. And that's something that my parents also taught me. Like when I was getting divorced. I remember like calling my parents crying like I need this. I need that my mother's like you have it inside of you you can do it. I'm like no, but you don't understand she was you did it all these years. She goes where did it like it didn't just disappear didn't walk out the door and I'm like, all right. I have it in me. So I realized like I could really Redefine myself and I chose at that point never to Define myself as a divorced mom of two, which is what I am because it's just a small part of me who makes up what I am. I also own two businesses and I'm also involved in a lot of charity work and I'm also just like I hope a fun friends hang out with confirmed. That is true. Yeah, so like I don't want to you know, so you get to choose and that's that's part of it part of the healing process is kind of like getting back to yourself. I mean most people don't realize this but I'm separated already endorsed 12 years. So like we're talking 12 years later. Now. I'm coming in and starting to talk about it. And I have been speaking about it already for over a year with Sean task force that's amazing, which is an incredible organization. And one of the things that I like about John task force is that when I speak with them, they always bring therapists and people from the hotline and stuff like that because if people in the audience ask me questions, I'm not Trained professional I'm only sharing my story. I can't tell you what to do. So they have people like that. So that's also why I like when I do podcasts like I don't get into the nitty-gritty because a lot of the story that I talked about like a lot of my history is really traumatic for me. Hmm But I've moved past that I can handle the trauma but a lot of people can't handle hearing it. So, you know normally get into details, but I really have like learn how to heal me and be me and like who I am amazing. What would you say to someone there's kind of two parts to this question because if someone's out there is listening who is feeling stuck in a marriage and it's again from listening to your interview with with Donna. There was you had talked about how there were people in your life who could see what was happening your parents is he and they wanted you to Your things out for yourself because if you're doing it for them, you're not really doing it and if somebody's listening right now and they are stealing stuff which sometimes people reach out to me and I am not a trained professional. So when people reach out to me through Instagram and they're like I'm stuck for my friend is Tucker. I don't have any advice for them. We want a nice day and I'm curious. If you do have something you can share to someone who is feeling stuck in their marriage, right? I think that there's a lot of you have to figure out why you're stuck and what's making you feel stuck. I know I've been in a relationship, you know, I've been engaged for very long time and I've been in a relationship a long time and I know that in our relationship there have been highs and lows in our relationship and the low is like I remember like, you know, I was like a year and a half two years ago. I'm like, okay, this is really like whatever he goes. Well, it's the monotony of everyday life. It's boring like he goes we haven't gone out to dinner alone. Just the two of us. He goes in 7 months and I'm like, he goes every conversation we had Is revolving around your kids or my kids or planning or scheduling like you, you know, so I feel like in this relationship that I'm in that which is a very healthy relationship like paying attention and realizing that in a relationship that sometimes you gotta you know, take each other and like just you know do something for you and for the relationship from the healthy relationship. Um, I know that I've had a few people reach out to me whether they're in, you know bad relationships, or they know somebody in a A bad relationship and honestly, I would never tell anybody to leave a relationship and somebody even reach out to me and they're like, you know, I have a family member was in a relationship and they won't leave and I told them to leave it go can't obviously they go. Well the person claims that they're staying in it for the kids. Hmm. And I said then I look at that person. I go to the strongest person. I know I go because the one of the hardest things when I walked away from my marriage, my kids were babies. They were 1 in 3 and Pretty unheard of in the state of New York. I got Sole legal and physical custody, which is pretty much unheard of most people will never get them stayed in. The organ is very hard to get that and it's very hard. I mean it's a lot of it had to do with the fact that I had physical abuse and that there was this huge legal case surrounding my divorce and that was part of what helped me get it and then my xels are realizing that he couldn't handle like if he would have gotten he couldn't have handled it and it wasn't beneficial for him. So it worked out of my benefit, but most people when you get divorced and your ex will be in the picture for the rest of your life. You will have joint custody. You will have to make decisions together and I hate to say it while you're in an abusive relationship with somebody you kind of still know how to control them. Hmm and I know I don't have to do this like I knew how to push buttons and not push buttons. So I knew that like if we have people coming over I will not say anything. Being in this topic or that topic or the other because I wanted to keep it nice. But then I knew that there were times when he was like when he was annoying and I just wanted him out of the house. I pissed him off just so that he would go like it was a Saturday night. I know Saturday night. His friends were going out. He wants to go out with his friends. So let me pick the right pick a fight and he would go running out of the house. So this friends I finally had I could put the kids to sleep by myself. There was no fighting there was no yelling. There was no screaming I could my kids. It was also very hard because my son of the time was 3 and I did everything for him. But if my ex was around which was an offer he wanted, you know his father or whatever it was and it just it made it tricky because my ex didn't want him and I didn't want my son to see that. So when you're in a bad marriage people stay like a lot of people I know stayed in the marriage because they could protect the kids in the marriage right? Like I have, you know, since I left, you know, He does have some visitation with the kids and there are things that happen or things that he says or does or the kids just being you know, stupid teenagers and I always refer to it as stupid teenagers because the kids aren't stupid. It's the teenager aspect right where their brain is underdeveloped and they're still trying to figure things out and problem-solve to learn how to become an adult. That's the stupid part. I hear that we've all been there. I remember being a very stupid teenagers so like my kids deal with stuff and if I were there maybe I could protect them or save them or make it better or easier, but I can't yeah. So for people who stay in bed marriages because of their kids or because of the finances I give them a lot of credit because it's real they're actually in my mind being stronger. I don't necessarily your grief. It's the right or wrong decision and I think that each situation on its own needs to be looked at right? I think that's a really good point you're making because when we had we had talked before this and we were what sobbing back and forth in a while. And I was so I was really blown away when you talked about this because I never thought in my mind that how would you stay in a marriage right you you know, and like right don't know from this but in my mind it was like shocking you're like no first of all, there is no right or wrong answer but if someone staying in there protecting their children, then that's where they need to be right if they're able to protect their children. That's like that's where they are. And that's it and and then to even go a step further for someone who is on the on getting out of a marriage, right? For they've made the choice, they're going through divorce. Do you have any advice for that? It's a very hard process and I think also nowadays with social media out there. There's all these different Outlets as well and some of them are good and some of them are bad and I think that just like so many of us like look back at like, you know, like our teenagers and we go. Oh my God, what was I thinking I think also divorce there's a lot of that. I just had a conversation with a friend of mine who Mal keywords for grammatical words Burgers so she's self-help and she was around in my life during my divorce and we were talking about it we were going and she said like I said to her go I go the friend who stayed through my side through that time period I don't give them a lot of credit because I was spiraling out of control. I mean that there's like there's all those different stages of you know healing and there's the grief and the anger and the bargaining and then the depression and then the acceptance and then the Learning Place. There's all these stages to the process. And that whether you have kids or you don't have kids or whatever it is. I kind of feel like that's something that should be done within the scope of professionals and it shouldn't be out there on social media for every person to give you their feedback. Like I was thinking about this because we had discussed because we were discussing. Do you need a professional to do not need a professional and I think I came up in the with an analogy that will like ecology. Okay. So for example, you've been making all of these tahini recipes now, Okay. Okay. So when you started this entire tahini process and you were figuring out your recipes you never went on Facebook. And you said do I need baking powder or baking soda or do I need well the chocolate chips weigh it down with a not weigh it down. You kind of figured it out on your own with the tools. You had you probably reached out to you know, Connie or Naomi or you know, any of your other friends who are Professionals in this Arena and have a certain understanding until you figure it out then you'll bring this. The recipe to light and share it with people and then you'll show variations of it based on what you come up with or what other people suggest to you, but you're showing them a finished product. Right? So I kind of think that like the divorce or like this that whole process is kind of like that like you need to keep a close to home. You need to keep close to people that know you you need to deal with professionals and I will say that I went through three therapist until I found one that worked for me that's good advice, by the way, because I am an obese person Me because that's my initials are BS and I like people to like tell me as it is and call me out of my stuff and I didn't like these therapists that would say to say to me like, well, what do you think? Like I kind of know what I'm thinking like call me out on it till I found somebody I like that really work for me. But I think that you need to like figure it out and heal and I think that's also why it took me so long to start talking about what I went through because I needed to make sure that not only I am I healed from it, but my family around is shield from it later on like as you were going through the divorce process. I found out that I was not the only victim and that people around me friends and family members had been had had issues of their own cloud and some told me about in some didn't tell me about it because they just they knew that I was going through the video and then Tommy I'm certain people started avoiding us as a couple because they didn't want any part of that so hard Um, you know, and so I respected that because I look at that and I go you're making the best choice for you and your family and I was making a choice for my family. So I think that like this that whole, you know social media now, I think it's very hard when people haven't necessarily, you know, healed and I see people I know that are going through divorces and then they'll post like a status on Facebook and like an hour later built. Delete it. And it's kind of like you put it out there and especially you know, whether you have kids or family or friends like other people see it and I know I know I know I've always liked but I only you know, I have my Facebook as private on my Instagram is private. Nothing's private. Nothing's private. They screenshot everything things go around. I mean, I'm indifferent like divorced, you know groups are single groups on Facebook or even like all these like Jewish women groups and everybody's like passing around all these screenshots like oh so rough on you see To I even like my my 11 year old is not old enough that and then both my kids are getting to that age. But he's very specifically will let me know if I can or cannot post something on social media with him in it is very specific. And I also know like these kids can see everything now he had his phone taken away for a little bit, but he we took them off like he has Instagram he can see my posts. So I'm posting about him. Oh my I mean even like I posted about Mom guilt and I'm going out he could see that but I actually don't mind him Riley working. Through these things when they're like that but putting it I'm not going to be posting a picture of him when he was potty training anymore. Right? He would be embarrassed with anything and I didn't ruin so much for him in his like confidence and so much going on in his life. And I guess when you're using social media to put out your emotions other people are gonna die and it's not aligned that people can be you could be having an emotion out there, which is not necessarily the right emotion and then people are saying yeah you go girl. You're right and it's like you're Really not you're just feeling that way more people can start attacking you and say how dare you feel that way when it's really a valid way to feel right? Like they don't know you and they don't know what you're going through and they're not professionals, you know, so I overheard talking about it and Facebook groups were like 70 will pose so they got into a fight with her husband and people are like divorce him and people you don't even know you don't know what's going on in the relationship and you don't know or like break up with them in this never wait wait stop I talked about Being a hero all the time where everybody wants to be the hero and have the right answer right? Because they think that they know best and it's it's such a hard balance when I let my dog out so it's right now it's a very hard balance when people you know, they want to know best and that realization and I think it's a stronger person who realizes I don't necessarily know all your answers and I'm not you know, that's it and I think that one of the things on Facebook because you don't know the answers keeping on Saturday, Ask questions even like if you really want to have a discussion you really think that there's something you have that can help like with what you've been through Rosie's you can help someone but you can't help him. If you don't have any information about them, you know that Sean task force actually reached out to me. Mmm the Argo why did they reach out to me? Because they saw in certain Facebook groups that there that that people who were like donated their time to face to some high score threatened. They so my responses to things and they go I think Breezy was a victim of Abuse and they said are you serious? And they reached out to me they go like were you what's your story and we started talking and working through it and I have to say like recently even I called them because I'm like, I need a recommendation for a therapist or something and like they were super helpful with that. And I remember like I called the number just to get the information and you know some random person gave it to me whatever and then I was talking to Shawna who's one of the heads there and I said to her she had no idea, but I didn't Because it's on animus. I'm like, okay, I'm like, wow, I'm like I use my name Breezy figured whoever answered the phone might know me or know that I have a connection to your whatever it is. But um, well that's good to know. Yeah, great and I have to say like just I'm so happy that you speak up and that you're sharing now and you've come to a point where you feel that you can because you may not even know the lives that you're helping and then you are 100% helping so many people through something they're going through. I mean even just the fact that we're having this Ass right now there's somebody out there listening who's there's something in their mind that's shifting and hopefully in a good way because of you right? I think it's also the feeling of I'm not alone and I think it's that realization that every situation is different and your situation is not the same as somebody else's and it doesn't make your situation right or wrong or there's right or wrong. It just means that this is the reality of what it is, right? And listen. I also say a lot of times like I've spoken to people and a lot of people are okay with certain level. Things in their marriage and certain people are not okay with it and it's a personality thing and that doesn't make it right or wrong just makes it work for you or not work for you there really is. No, I mean I can't say there's no right and wrong because there is somewhere that yeah you right there are certain things that are wrong. This is wrong. Yes when I love you. Yes, but there is also somewhere in between for a lot of things in marriages for husbands and wives with each other. Even if it comes down to intimacy and the things that you do for me is watching Hawaii Five-O. A lot of respecting of you were talking about your kids before also. And before I post a lot of things I run a past everybody in the house because I run a past my kids and my stepkids, you know, the man in my life my parents. I'm like listen if I'm going to go out there and share this and people are going to be hearing what I'm saying or possibly reading it people make comments them back. Yeah, and my kids are my kids are teenagers their high school kids. So there are really on social media, even though both my kids do not have Facebook. That's all said they don't want probably why would they even want Facebook Facebook is for us old people. I know they don't want it at all. But even then I'm very strict. Like I have their passwords I go on to older accounts. We have conversations about before they post things because there's this whole like I think also growing up like there was this whole concept of like God is everywhere and like we didn't fully understand it and I think now with social media like kids understand it a lot more so interesting. Okay, like we didn't understand that God sees everything that you do. God knows everything you do because we're like I really like I really like you walking to visit bathroom like come on and I think kids really kind of get that concept a lot more now. I also know like I'm very particular about pictures that I post on my kids on Facebook not even for what they like. My daughter sometimes is okay with me posting certain pictures and I won't post it because I go you know, what what's going to happen when she goes to Israel Seminary for the year and it listed she changes her mind and her house is not mine anymore and this photos on social. For media and you can't get it. Even if I delete a picture. It's still out there in the world wide web and it can come back and resurface. So I actually was interesting when I first started and I actually went to a class in the city and taught a group of fifth graders about social media and responsibilities and the ups and downs was really an incredible class because I feel like it's here guys. Social media is here. Your kids have phones or iPads. They have access to tick tock and and Snapchat and Instagram. They have it YouTube even kids. They have access to everything and I would like them I would like to know that I can be responsible with them and teach them along the way versus trying to keep it away from them. And then they're all their kids phones and Lord help us. So Nora had been FaceTiming with a friend and she was in a towel which she was like eight at the time and and I was like, oh, here's a great opportunity not to get upset in her but to teach her because why would she my sweet little girl even think for a second that either one somebody could take a screenshot or to somebody's older brother walks in the room while they're talking. Talking right and it was like, okay honey. Here's the rule, you know, you can FaceTime with your friends would never in a towel right never in a towel and that became a rule and I explained it to her and it was like, oh social media has given me these opportunities to teach my children about what's happening around them without it feeling so negative without it feeling like punishment. Right? And I think it's also just conscientiousness of you know, cause and effect than what you do and what's going to be and I know my kids know that I have access to their phones. Good meaning I pay the bills. They're my phone's out. Allow you to use these phones pretty the door for the job again when you know some I smell like my dog, so I smell like dog pee you're here. No, but my kids know that I have access to their phones and there was an incident and my son's class was in stuff and I was talking to some of the moms and I go well if you would have seen what was happened in the chat, this is what happened in the chat and one of the moms got mad at me both. Why are you reading the kids chatter? Hmm and I go why are you not? Why are you not I go I go. She goes. What do you mean I go. Well, who's she goes? It's my son's phone. I have to respect his privacy I go. I remember as a teenager. My mom would come into my room. I mean she would nap before she came in but I'm sure that there's time that my mother came into mine and my siblings rooms and went through her drawers and check their stop and we're not to be trusted. The teenagers are not to be trusted. This is the stupid teenager part. It really does cut like we as teenagers they say we are Remember being a teenager you're figuring is so much out and you're in between these stages in your life. There's so many mistakes you make and I'm not here to like fix everything, but I want to know what's going on. My biggest thing with my kid just like I always say to them. I'm like when situations arise I want to talk about it because I want to help you problem solve it and my kids really do whatever and then recently my son came to me because there were some kids he knew that were Julie and we had a conversation about and I said to him listen I go there smoking and then there's Julie I go and you need to understand that Julian was actually a a lot more some smoking even though it's a lot easier access and I personally know what an adult he was in his twenties. Who is Julie. Who is it got extremely sick who was hospitalized and is having severe problems as a rep as a result of it. This is like a whole nother conversation. I saw my son said to me he goes nah me how do I like get out of it? And I said like he was like my friends were joking around talking and I say tell them that your mom checks everything my mom knows everything and we live near the school. And you don't know when your mom is going to drive by or who's going to see you and you don't want to get in trouble. I go blame it on me. He's like, okay. Yeah dun dun, you know, we're supposed to have fear of God. They think people forget that more than just love of God as an actual fear of God and I think that there's that same thing is reparative. They I want my kids to love me, but I want them to be a little scare what's going to happen? We were talking about this mom guilt and parenting guilt and and the other side of it is like I joke about Jew guilts. There's just things In my life that I've made choices to do or not to do because I was raised with his fear of what could happen and the fear of the unknown. I want that with my kids right to a certain level. I don't need them to be perfectly afraid of me all the time. It's same goes for my husband a little afraid of me. It's okay. Okay. I saw that 40. Yeah, he's afraid of you. He got those errands done, don't you worry? I don't know what you're talking about. You've been through a lot in your life and it has brought you to where you are. I love whenever you tell people you're shy because people who see you through Instagram or who like just meet you little one. I want there. We have no idea. Well, here's like people can come up to me. And I'm I'm so happy when people come over me. I will never go over to people who like even in my kids school and I know most of the moms they're like, I'm always the person I'll just stand by my side some on the side, but I want to hear about love and laughter which is the clothing line dance team up with not came up with this right everything. It's your baby. There's so much it exudes confidence. So I happen to love color and I love crazy things and I love glitter and shiny and sparkly and like all that fun stuff because I think that when I was going and I love this some little and like my mom always said like if I could like I would probably be a show girl like that would be my dream like I don't design like if you've ever looked at any of the pictures from any of my families and cuz I don't design dresses I design costumes myself. Nice. I'm over the top. As much as you could do and I'm lucky that I found a seamstress is willing to work with me because I will actually say that I worked as a seamstress and they go no, you can't do that. Wow, like they're like, it's just not going to look at it apparently, so to me like even when I was going to like my bad times, like it's that feeling of like if you look in the mirror and you like smile at what you see then you'll actually smile like you'll actually get happy. So my clothing is like that like I wanted to be happy. I want it to be comfortable. All like I'm the person like I walk into the house. And the first thing I do is I have drop spec. Yeah, I like was in my pajamas right in the right now. I'm there's no reason my mind. There's like no reason to get dressed. Yeah, but then at the same time like like now that especially my son is a teenager. Like I really like, you know, I had to completely change how I walk around the house at night and so right this friends are over there and it's like we live around the corner from where he goes to school. So there are people in my house all the time just last night at 9:30. And that my daughter had front walkover. I'm like and I'm like, okay, no problem. So I have to like be dressed and then I have you now my stepson also in the house now, so there's this like, you know level so I'm wearing my clothes a lot more but like it was better be comfortable. But yeah everything you have everything that I put on seven get everything. Your collection is comfortable. It's comfortable. It's stretchy it moves like my whole thing is I wanted to make you happy. When you like getting dressed in the morning, I want you to like look in the mirror and smile. That's awesome. Love and laughter that thing will remain comes after my other half and how he brought love of Meister into my life and like how real he really like. I had been in other relationships before I met him and I think that all those relationships are so important to my healing process and one I got into a relationship with him and like I all of a sudden realize I'm like this is it I like my mother says Is to him all the time. He's just like you bring out the best and Breezy that's amazing. And I think that like that's something you need to look for in like a relationship. So you're close. It's like your whole collection almost it's like a reflection of your relationship. It is that's really amazing. So guys when you're buying clothing from shop love and laughter, you are literally wearing love right and happiness all over your body. That's it. I mean your sweatshirts. I really like my dream is that you will come out with an entire line of sweatshirts that are all like bright and Asteroids is right. Now as we're doing this interview you are wearing. I mean the probably the most popular piece I yeah, I think I think this became the most popular right? It's a black sweater. So Soft you guys. Oh my gosh, and the sleeves are just like rainbows sparkly at sequins and just the whole time and I own it. I loved it and I wanted to have a hood. I know so we're working on hold now. We don't know what's going to be for spring but we're working. We were working on some spring versions and we are working on some full versions. Mmm, so it will be like warmth come with this whole thing is so cool. And your clothes is what's its size inclusive sighs inclusive we go from size 0 to size 20 credible just because and a lot of the clothing goes like with you as you move in sizes meaning like it's meant to be a little bit bigger. So it'll you know, like you go one way or the other because I know that myself when I lost all my weight like the hardest part was the fact that like holds in you're losing weight in your clothes are like huge on you and you want to feel comfortable in them still. So some of the stuff really does work. Yeah, well do so. And by the way guys I have literally a greasy I have you to thank for not just my weight loss because for years ago, I saw that you had lost a tremendous amount of weight. I walked up to you and was like, what are you doing? Yeah. I don't even think that I ever knew what it was you never explained it to me. I literally you just it was like just sign me up. It happened to be that exact same time. My mom was signing up is yes, someone else is crazy, but it was just I saw what you had accomplished and was like, I'm it. Yeah and from that I mean, Yup, clearly my life my entire garage. That was my business has grown because thank God it grows every year and I'm helping a lot of people get healthy, but my whole mindset shift this podcast right because of but I think that that's something that like, you know, I paid you might get a bad rap for or any health diet or nutritionist or whatever eat that whole concept that whole world. I think you hit the nail on the head not the diet. It's not what you're eating. It's not what you put in your body. So the mindset that comes along And I think that you provide that because you realize that and I think you articulated in the way that a lot of people couldn't articulate it and you explain it and I'll send you shared it you share with me like I would imagine if I'd walked up to you right freezing. I was like, how did you do it and you were like, I can't tell you. Where would I be right now? But here's here's my thing and I just had a conversation with somebody else who manufactures clothing in China and they had shared some information with me and I had shared some information back with me and back with her and she's a Oh my God, can't believe you gave me the name of that factory. That's insane. Thank you so much. And I said I'm like, why would I not share it to goes shows know what I'm saying? I was talking to other people and like everybody's like so secretive I go but I go My Success isn't you know doesn't have anything to do with your success. My style is different than your style. What I do when I do this like I could help like and I think that's also like the jwe, would you and I are both involved in I think that's the mindset behind and I think that's what attracted. The best to it. It's like we're sharing right and helping each other grow. I think this entire me everything you need to discuss right here in this podcast is a way of sharing with people to help them in their lives and we can share what we've been through or the connections that we have or the diet that works for us. Whatever you're sharing just just freaking share it so that somebody else can benefit from it, right? Listen what I'm sharing my story it might not apply to you, but it might apply to the person next to you and you might be able to be like listen. In this can help you same way that you know any dye program. Listen, I've been on them all so I can really give you a penis on every single one and the same way that like any business contacts or like just that whole different thing. Like it's I think that I'd become a bigger and better person the more I share it actually adds more to my world. Is that of taking away? Yeah. Well, I mean we're going to leave on that because that's so good. I want you to tell everybody where they can find you so I know there's a few How to buy your clothes so Breezies gift you can find on Instagram at Breezies with an S at the end gifts within sap n love and laughter on Instagram as shop love and the word Andy laughter or you can go shop love and laughter.com. We're also on Pinterest Pinterest. That's a fun one. Yeah, I forgot about that all the time by the way might have some fun stuff coming out with Pinterest really headed. A nice conference upon this morning. Well, hello guys. You heard it here. We're gonna pretend you're hurting your purse. But by the time this airs with me, whatever it is, maybe already happening. I don't even know so cool with Pinterest. Yeah. All right, so when they want to shop for your clothes shop love and laughter.com. Yes shop around and have fun and definitely look for the sweatshirt with the sparkly sleeves. And by the way, one of them to code and I spend I do. That's how you chop right amazing and then is right you have any other websites is for Breezies. I just want everybody sees most of its through Instagram just because we're having an issue with the linking like the updating so many can go to the previous gets back home, but it's not gonna be the most updated instagrammer. Just going to focus their Breezy. Thank you so much for everything. You have so much fun appreciated as well because you yourself haven't you? Yes, I love it was like an eighth of your size. Thanks for listening. And I hope today's podcast inspired you to take action. I always love to hear from you guys. What are you? Up to what challenges you're facing? What are you celebrating? So head on over to Instagram and find me at the real Melinda Strauss and share what you're up to and if you liked what you heard today and want more just like it. Don't forget to subscribe to the qivana podcast so that you get a notification every time I post a new episode.