Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah.Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today man. I've had hate that stressful day. So what's going on? So for those of you who played travel baseball you guys might be familiar with the Louisville Slugger brand and the new 2020 meta which is the name of the new bat that they just released a couple of weeks ago and I had the 2019 meta The prime which is basically just the 2019 version of the new bat and anyways, so that bat broke and so I sent it in and I was hoping for the new one and so they were about to ship it out and then the new one just got banned by the nice National High School sports Association killer, so they sent me an email and they said we can't do you know we can't send this to you. What do you want to do? So I sent him an email back, but they don't answer. So I call him and you know, it's taken forever. I'm like 20 minutes in and I'm like, okay, it's got to be time then folk music though. No, no awful hold music awful hold music and I'm thinking okay. We've got to be close some 20 minutes into this call. And then the little like robot voice says you are 28th in line. Don't worry then like like literally 20 minutes later. You are 27th in line. So I'm like, oh my gosh is taking forever, but then it started Cup, so after an hour of an hour and 45 minutes, finally got to talk to the lady and this whole time while I'm doing this. I'm like trying to run around how my house and do laundry. I just got home from baseball earlier and just super stressful, but I finally got it figured out but then I realized that my helmet was broken. So I just had to run two dicks and get out make it just the one of the pads fell off on the ear and plus I needed a new one because it was red and were are mono team. That's black and white this year. So We we went and got the helmet and some pine tar and then just get the physical tomorrow and I'm all set for tryouts but very stressful day figure that out. Yeah, make sure your physical in this. Yeah, that's a rough story. You want to tell her? Is now on Instagram where live baby we are live on Instagram pipe at pipe it up. Mlw. We've already got a few followers and I think a fun little segment, you know, each week is that we're going to shout out a new follower on this Instagram account. So I'm gonna go randomly through this right here. I'm going to stop on one name and and Jaden elford Maiden up our the follower follower of the weeks. All right, first one ever, right? So we're looking forward to that next week. Yeah guys at pipe it up mlw follow and you know DMS, if you have anything you would like us to discuss on the podcast, you know, all that type of stuff. So where was I was out in the physical story last year at trial? Yeah, so we're at the okay. Okay contact like yeah, I'll give a brief background for it. Alright, me and Ryan are trying out while I was a senior. I was a junior Dan was also a junior all trying out for the varsity baseball team stressful times waking up at 5:30 in the morning. Go trap for school. Yeah off. It was shot More Shot. For Ryan because of this incident that he's about to tell so I got my physical the Sunday before tryouts which is an awful idea. I should have had it a week or two weeks before then. But so I got my physical in and my mom she took it as I was leaving we were in we drove separate to get the physical done and she took it she said I'm gonna put it under the door and what I thought that she meant by that was the under the door of the athletic office so that they would go in there and check in the physical and make sure I think it was all set. So I was like, okay and anyways, so I get to tryouts and Coach Charlie as you guys might know from other podcasts. He he walks up to me. He's like crap towards your physical. I said, my mom told me that she turned it in under the door and he knew that meant that flick office. So he said, okay and then we're all getting loose warming up. We just ran a little bit and now we're throwing and all the sudden you just hear Charlie. Oh hold the balls hold the balls and I'm Like I'm like, I'm like, oh geez what happened? Like, I thought some kid got hit luckily riding on those Dome someone else. Yeah, you didn't so I thought I thought I thought somebody got hit or like something bad was going on and I didn't even know it was worse than that. This Charlie comes yelling at me and he goes I'm gonna give you one chance scratch and he's like, he's like, you better not lie to me. Where's your physical? And you know, I'm like what like I didn't know what was going on. And and so he he goes you want to go look for it with me. I'm like, yeah sure. So we go up to that fled a coffee. Yes, and we're searching around everywhere and I can't find it and my mom's not answering her phone. I have no idea what's going on and he's like, well, you can't try it without your physical. I was like, I understand and so I'm like, all right. I'll I'll have it to you tomorrow. I have it done. I just don't have it with me I guess and so I get in my car and I'm about to leave and I'm buckling my seat and as buckle my seatbelt and as I'm looking down that little crack between the console and your seat there's a paper I pulled up. Her out and that's my physical what she meant was that she put it in the door of my car while I was inside the physical place. I didn't know that and when you put it in it slid right into that little crack that you lose things in and so I walked back into trial. It's all the all my baseball gear and I looked at Charlie and Charlie looked at me with that look of disgust and he's like, what are you doing? Here is what he's thinking and I'm like, I have it right here. I'm sorry a little miscommunication with my mom. But that that's one of the most depressing moments of my life right there that Was just it was so damn sad I knew right then from there. I was the environment throughout the gym is very sad. It was tip. Yeah, it was brutal. I just yeah. Yeah, it was bad. All right. All right. I think it's time to get to our first stop today right after going through this general meeting. Okay. Alright. So the first thing I wanted to talk about just because I've been thinking about it the past few weeks. But have you ever had any bad first date? I mean, I guess dates in general first day or first date because I have I have like a record has been having terrible first dates. I can't let you go first. I can't say I've really had like a bad first day. I guess I'm too young to like, okay, I don't really blind date or anything like that. You know what I mean? Most people that I go out with are girls I go out with is over like I'm already talking to them on social media of some sort. Okay, but I God I would love like absolutely love to hear your stories about this troop. Okay. Please go right for it I have. Yeah, what girls are so I have two main ones. The first ones actually like my first date ever. I think how old are you? I when I was a freshman, I think as a freshman questions reasonable, that's reasonable. That's right. I just got this new sweater pretty I was looking like I was looking fresh. Don't damper. Don't get me wrong. I was looking good. And I don't know why I dressed up honestly this much to go on this date. We're going to like the movies. It was she was like she was a great older. She was friends with my best friend's sister. Okay, so I won't name names but you know just because other respect but so we're going to the movies right? I was so nervous. I was like talking my best friend sister. Like I'm like, what do I even do? I do. I hold my order an I don't know what I do. I got you my so I would get there right? I'm like, I'm gonna hold her hand. We're in. The movies, right which was kind of a weird place to do it because I guess there's just like when you're walking into the movies you're in the movie. Okay. So you're already watching the movie We're watching them sit next to each other and we're sitting next to each other and I I kept going through this picture in my head. Like what am I going to do this? And I finally went through a countdown like okay on three on go. I guess I was like three two one and I just went for it and I guess at the time I didn't know the amount of force. I had a launch. Hand at her but it was that of a missile bro. I grabbed her hand. So forcefully it was just she was so uncalled for did it scare? Yes. It was just very like weird. I was I just kind of like soft smiled at her and I was like, I didn't know what to do. So I just held it there. She's drowned. It was the most awkward like handhold ever and she ended up just she was really nice about it. She got out of it in a really nice way. She's like I have to go to the bathroom got up and left came back like couple seconds later. And I think I did it again. That was that's where you went wrong. And she goes she dropped her fudge. Like I dropped my phone, I think like okay this time it's bad. Yeah, so that's the first story real. Oh, jeez. We got another the second one. The second one's a I think more embarrassing because that one look what am I supposed to do? I've never been on a date before. I know that you know your child experience on the child year later. It's all right to make mistakes. You know, that's how you learn. This is probably about a year and a half later during the summer. Hey, I'm talking to this girl and we were like friends, but we weren't like, you know, we were like amazing. We're just kind of like we were friends. Okay, but we are like being a little flirtatious. Okay. I understand and we were going to this Fair like a festival. Everyone like everyone's been to their state or city festival the hamburger bun fast. Okay, that's where we're at the Hamburg Farm Fest and they had a bunch of rides and I'm not big on Heights, especially like heights give just know I can't do them. Okay, and she wants to go on the ferris wheel. Do you gonna cry first off? We got all the car and he's just looking at me dude. Just some like scared out of my mind some of these people are creepy. Yeah and Like we go on this Ferris wheel and I'm like don't stop at the top. Don't don't do it. Don't stop at the top. Okay stops at that time stops at the top of course, and I'm like freaking out. I'm like shaking. She's like are you? Okay and it's one of those Ferris wheels that has a gap in between the side and the top so you could fall out if you really wanted to you could fall out. Okay, and there's a pole in the middle right with a seat. Okay, so I'm saying the see I'm like, this is a no-go. A Fallout. So no joke, I start straddling the polite crisscross applesauce hugging the pole while she's there. Oh my gosh. It turned into a disaster, but I spun it around and up not being so bad. So, okay. Well grunts. Oh, yeah all in all you had to follow not too bad almost threw up at the end of the by the end of the day because one of the twisty rides got me. Oh jeez. Those are the worst pretty bad, but it shouldn't make fun of me for it. So, okay. Well, that's good. She was a nice that's good. Nice out about it. Yeah, but yeah, that's about that's about all my Have many I don't need this first I would say about any of those aren't for those are the worst. Yeah, it's always awkward at first, you know for especially for guys it's hard because you know, everybody all the girls expect us to make the first move and that's that's harder than you think. He's terrible at that it's hard like and what you said about the countdown everybody tries that you know, it doesn't work. It doesn't work. It's like three two, okay, five more seconds and then it's just keeps going and going and then all the cell's gonna sit again. The movie was like halfway through this is halfway through it. What movie were you saying? Oh my God, there's wasn't scary movie was OK. I remember I didn't want to see it. Like I remember I did not want to see this movie and I got the end of the movie. She was definitely not impressed with it was like that was a terrible movie. I'm like, yeah, I know that's the worst. But yeah, okay next thing on the docket. This is it has to do with movies to okay. So, oh we gotta break some levels. We got some news we got some place first. Alright, so there was there were there were some statements and some It's about one of my players over the past month and Michael Aguilar the for the Wildcats. So there were some reports right that that he was having surgery on his shoulder. I don't know if you guys knew this. I was not aware of this quiet. So I was kind of scared this past month that I wouldn't have have Aguilar for the entire summer, but I just got a text from Aguilar today saying his results are fine and he will be back with me permit. Okay, so you're good with like ocular hundred percent healthy. He will be a wildcat this summer and I'm pumped that's huge as big let us see. George Michael your picture listening to this. I'm pumped man. He's we said hey just want to let you know I went to PT for a month and everything is better. I'll be ready for the season. Let's go. Let's go, huh? What apparently there's a resolution that Drew would like to talk about? Is it resolved or we gonna try not true? Yeah, you know for the trade hear you talk about the trade. What what's who you're offering? Well, okay. Well it was on the last podcast but it's and Eder and for Joey Flynn one of the planes twins. Yeah, so I don't know. I'm still working through it. I don't have a finalized and this hasn't been a thought in his mind. No. No, that's not true. I honestly was calculus. I know I know Andy wants to make a comeback with the covers. I respect that an idiot literally been coming up with Jersey ideas the past week hoping he's on my team, but honestly that it's tough because like I don't know. I don't know. I don't know but the eagles need right now. So coming from a former Eagle myself. I think I'm not saying I have any say in this but if I were in Daniel spot, I don't know if I would accept that trade too. Be honest true. I really I just I like I don't like like the eagles aren't much of like a young Talent team. If you see what I mean, like, I mean obviously Clayton started, you know, Clayton had a rookie year there and I had a rough year there but like I'm but like I start thinking about the future. I mean as I just I don't know like I've played Joey and he's a great defensive player. But as like, I just don't know if I would see like an eagle. In him, you know, I mean because Eagles, oh, I see an eagle Eagles are like how you men and they're like, you don't know how high he can fly little Michael Scotland for you guys. I'm just saying I don't think I would take the trade personally as an eagle. I think other teams would love Joey Flynn. I just don't think the Eagles would need them. However Andy tours and wanting to leave and go into the cobra, that's something that's huge that's on top of Daniel Sedin. I bet that he can't stop thinking about it. Mmm, you know, I mean, all right, so what we're good? Next I would like so what what I was originally going to go with but okay, so a couple weekends ago. I did something that I thought I might regret wasting time. No, I knew I was not going to regret the reason I'm not gonna lie about it. Okay. I knew this was going to be a spectacular time. Any was me and my girlfriend re-watched. She never seen it so we watch the whole Harry Potter series. I don't think she really knew I hold on how in one sitting no not one sitting. Okay, it was over a long period time but The other movies are different than getting we watch the last two and sitting and that will that will leave you remote like emotionally drained. But yeah, okay, but um, I don't think she'll all invested. I wasn't into them until I guess spoiler but not I'm not gonna feel bad about because they've been out for so long. Oh, yeah damn, but when David I Dobby the house elf the free elf. Yeah when he died. I don't cry very often right but when it did it cry with David I didn't die a single tear in this is not for theatrics a single tear through ran down my face and cry when David Icke dude and I will never believe in my when my girlfriend saw it. She was just in awe. I would of what she had seen if I was your girlfriend, I would have packed up my things and I would have left the room right then. I think she's only seen me cry maybe a couple times and they're all baseball related. I think an emotional guy Drew and then like, you know when Macomb Community College told me I didn't deserve to be a college baseball player shot a deer. Yeah, but it didn't hurt as much as when David died Dobby from Harry Potter, but not as CGI computerized image character completely not real. When he died you cried wager. I don't think you've ever told the story where you played college baseball for two days. I think it's hilarious. You should tell him about that. Why don't you why don't you tell us that because he's okay. I'll give you some context he travels off to Minnesota, you know playing I think it was what D2 baseball D3 baseball III and I'm excited for him and he's playing college at the next level and then two days later he shows up at The Meadows during a series. I'm like Drew shouldn't you be in Minnesota? Yeah wasn't like he was eliminated from the playoffs. Yeah. That's was the word suing. Okay good. The seizure of the next like six months and he shows up two days later talk about why you like dropped out? Okay, there's certain things. I can can say can't say just because I don't want to throw I don't want I don't want to say it's all completely mess you up. Like they just I'm not gonna say screw you I'm not going to get into that part. Just name the dog named. Okay, explain the story basically. This was the only school that was recruiting me and they were in my hand given up on playing college baseball because I was so late. It was so late. And then literally July like two months before school was starting my college as the IR graduated. I got like a message from the school. They were recruiting me and they were like we want you to come play they were like film looks great numbers are great. I believe you can play and make an impact here. Okay, I'll visit so I visited campus was like okay, it was really small like incredible picture small picture 50 times smaller and that's how smart was it was just picture the word a single a single building. Okay was the campus? Okay, so my dorm was in the same building as my classes. Okay, that's true. Yeah, okay continue, but also not true because bad were harsh Winters and stuff, you know, but anyways, so So I go there they're like, yeah, we have a catcher on here. We only have one we're recruiting one from Australia. That's about it. Yeah, we're going like one more. So you'll be like one two, three, you're going to get plenty of playing time play a doubleheader. So I'm sure you're going to catch one of the games and like all right, awesome. So I'm planning on going there. I'm just trying to you know, figure the last things out finally commit I go there, you know, I'm excited having a couple doubts but excited. Yeah college baseball. What's not to be excited about? Yeah, so we should make 10 hour drive up there and I get there and people are so nice or really nice there. They move me into my room and stuff like that. They moved me into my room when I don't I'm not lying they move me in. Oh, wow. So they are we parked our car and they just start grabbing something like oh, okay. That's nice. So, you know day goes by we have our first baseball meeting, you know, I get there I had to I asked the coach I was like how many incoming freshmen we got? He's like 11. Maybe it maybe a couple more I get there 2424 incoming freshmen. Oh my God. I was like, wow, that's a lot more than yeah. We start asking around we start going through positions. I start hearing catcher catcher catcher catcher catcher. I'm like, oh my God, what did I get myself into? Six freshmen catchers are there and I was like, oh my God, that's so you would you would have to be all of them out to get that starting spot. Yeah and the returning guy so not even okay and okay. I had this argument. I'm not even against competing for a position but after staying there for the amount of days, I was four. I just didn't I didn't like the school and it wasn't worth it wasn't worth. Working my butt off to get to play a very small amount when I could do the same thing in my home state and have my parents watch me. I fit stuff like that. So I wasn't going through all that trouble just to play at school. I didn't want to be yet and I got my tuition back. So it's not that big of a deal sound like a wasted a bunch of money. So everything turned out yeah. Wait, what was this for again? Why am I telling this story? Just we're just yeah. Just wondering. Oh, yeah, I was there for four days. So we make jokes about the whole time. Anyways what you got next with uh for the topic, alright, so we're going with the somewhere with that for some reason, but I guess I don't know why but oh actually I texted my old roommate about it like the guy from the for damage there. Yeah. Okay. I change my roommate and I was like good luck this weekend because they have a game tomorrow. By the way, I still in the baseball group chat. They do not know how it is. I could just stay in. Yeah, just stick it out. So I'm just there that some weird things. Anyways, huh Ryan take a class. That's how I got my tuition back. I didn't go into his in class. Got you. So I text him I'm like, hey go like this. He's like thanks. How is the field and I was like, oh no, they're playing at the Vikings Stadium. Like I don't know. I haven't been there. He's like, didn't you just buy this weekend? I was like no. I'm in Michigan and he goes, why are you in Michigan? And I was like I live there and he goes What year is this again? And I was like bro. I was your roommate. This is so unacceptable. You were his roommate for four days. I'm still his rotten unacceptable. I was still his roommate you basic if you basically met him for two hours do that's not even know. I was there not acceptable. Anyways, you're there for four days next thing we were going to talk about you were ya dope transmission Transit transition. Well transmission, my bad. Okay. Okay Secret. Okay, I guess I'm going to reword this then other than how I wrote it songs that secretly bang. So are these like songs just like any song that not a lot not mainstream that go off like really can't be mainstream. Okay, like like Fergalicious. I'll Bop to that all day. Yeah, but you could hit you can hit that a couple times. Yeah, well liked by by any Britney Spears song. Britney Spears is good. NSYNC Backstreet Boys. I'm listening to all that. I'm more of like an unreleased music type guy. You don't know Super Bass. No, I know surveys by Nicki Minaj. Honestly some One Direction it will get me going. I like I like more like I'm more of like a rap and Country shy person but when it comes to like big deer tracks, oh, yeah, but like I like unreleased songs. Like there's this one on Soundcloud. It's by Travis Scott. It's not released. It's called pull up. You can look it up and it's like one of the best songs I've ever. Okay. I love it so much. I listen to it all the time and joke Omar release a song. That's it's only on YouTube. I can't find it anywhere else. It's to the beat. So J: Kendrick Lamar did the thing where they took each other be took each other's beats and made their own songs. So Kendrick Lamar did the it to the beat of my favorite J Cole song Tale of Two Cities, but he rapped over he wrapped a different song like all different words all different ways. It's called Black Friday and it is the most lick a jerk Lamar's argh I've ever heard but it's also on YouTube now that much data so I can just like bump it in the car. I'm giving myself a special tree. I got you something sounded a little weird. Yeah, I feel you. Who is your guys's top three rappers of all time top three favorite dude. That's hard. That is part of a rap guy. You said? Yeah. No, I love I love right no rap rapping countries where I taught for has always been the same the past like, what is it? It's Kanye one. It's Jay Z 2 and it's Drake three. That's that's like a I'm not hard 3i noga, because all those guys are feel like we're in their Prime. I guess Drake's like it is technically like he's been on the top for like a decks like LeBron of the wrapkin. Yeah, I'd say like mm is when I like got into rap like mid-2000s and they all have like some of their first albums or something. They're like best albums critically acclaimed and stuff. So I think the very first rap song I ever heard was graduation and that's why I use it in so many mlw videos back in 2010. I saw that I was listening to graduation. It was on SportsCenter. I think during like they're like top 10 highlights and It's like what literally we got me into like Kanye and like wrapping everything. That's probably my favorite album of all time graduation by oh, yeah, Kanye West. Yeah. Yeah. No, I um, it's always hard. I could really go for it. I got three. Okay, we'll start with one. That's probably not as much of a I'll go cause I have four that's enough. Are you gotta pick three? No, I have no. onofre yeah, I could have we could all have more time. We gotta have three shoot. I'm just I'm maturing Kendrick and Kanye now for the third spot. So I'll say Kanye also the number three spot young gravy. That number two. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No my favorite. It's not all time. I'm seeing like these are the best rappers out of and saying these are my favorite three like big guy if you like one of them, I'm not gonna bump to Biggie like my bad. Sorry number one TEC-9 who is TEC-9 Hood go crazy. Oh my god, dude, Caribou, Lou worldwide shopping this in a weird music. I would never go on a road trip worldwide Shopper. I mean, that's never going on. Not know detect that is so good. Take out his so good. I think I think my top three, I think my favorite had artists of all time, right? I just probably Travis Scott. I like I like I like this. I like everything behind him. Like if you guys have ever seen the documentary look Mom I can fly on Netflix. That's a that's that that I would watch that 20 more times. I've probably already watched it 20 times be a hundred percent honest with you. You don't like Travis guys over so no I A lot of people don't like Travis Scott, but like if you if you actually don't see it. I don't like what special I just don't get it. Here's something what what other artists hold on and I'm just going to tell you right now. My number two is Jay Cole, but what other artists that's damn good you listen to the full album and not have a problem rather not do that. You could I can listen to all of Astral world and not even are you kidding me? It would be completely fine with me Jesus. And Jay Cole 2014 Forest Hills Drive, I could listen to that sure. I could listen to that even the whatever. Yeah, you went what triple platinum whichever strong whichever song is the one where Cody that's like, even when he's thanking people like in the oh, yeah, like the eight minute long song. We just spent whatever. Yeah, whatever you need to spend the whole time. Thanking people. I literally like that song. I love when I love rap songs that go on for like 10 minutes. Yeah. I don't even care last call by Kanye. Yeah. I don't even care like that. That's a good thing. What's it called? What's it called? Note to self note to self. It just hit me right then. But um and then coming in at number 3, that's hard for me. I see you went Travis then Travis then Jake will third eye I might take a little bit of hate for this but I really like X like XXX Tasha. I love him dude. I'm like like question marks album. I guess I guess more of like is older music. Like I'm not I mean now that he's now that he's passed. Yeah, we haven't really I've I've maybe we've mentioned him. I was just like wow, like he has like so many songs that he liked pre-made same with like like Mac Miller juice World juice world has what 998 leessang producers like like they're just like are they just like taking advantage? It's something about making money. It's something about where they can't they can't release it. Like if they if they would release a bunch of different albums like say they did it within like three months of the old one. Then people would start listening to this new album and forget about the last ones. Yeah. That's why I like like like juice World already had all these tracks done. I bet you know, and he said he hadn't recorded a song in like two months before he died because he already had all these new ones ready, but he can't release them tell the old ones are starting to fall off like the whole albums. So like I hope that hope is like families like benefiting from like, oh, yeah. No, it's like that. Yeah and his girlfriend might have in his wife but like yeah. No, so when when X past like his music from their around wasn't like top-notch for me, but like the old albums like like when Jocelyn floors was released I Listen to that song Moonlight sad. Okay, there's I remember what there was like a little Clips add. The rest are absolute trash that you are the worst dude. You don't even Duty once you listen to tech knives whose TEC-9 I listed a TEC-9 at homecoming of our school dance because that's only never heard Hood going crazy, dude. You just don't like you don't know crazy. You just that music is trashed it take to change my are three from Kanye. Oh, you just changed it. Will Wane. Oh, wow. OK Jung. Woo! Easy, I can respect that the Carter for that that'll do the trick. Let me bring up an artist. That's very hit or miss and he was actually Tommy Kaufman's number one by. Oh my God. Oh my God. What are your feelings on Russ? Oh, dude, we didn't rush rush. Oh jeez. So you're kidding me Drew. Well that are you stupid doesn't know who Russ has Drew has no I drew Davis has no idea who you're suspended. Yeah, Russell Westbrook. He makes it uses don't music. Okay, hold on. How do you not know Russ's? Hold on a second Kai. Let me talk to you about this. Yeah, it's just like exclusive this podcast. So because he's been eliminated have you ever liked her dress talk? Like we had personality in those interviews. He's not he's kind of cocky and he talks weird, but I love his work ethic though, but dude. His music losing control psychology the time right now first ever lose. Oh, yeah call it call it call it right now. Well ask him what his favorite thing about Russ's losin control and losing control like his whole what's it called? There's really a wolf. Yeah that I love there's really a wolf. I'm like, I don't really like his personality and I my friends would give me a lot of crap if they listen to the podcast and heard that I really am into rust but We got way we all and we got to Halloween up Tommy hopefully picks up. What do you what do you want to say drew? I took off my headphones for a second. I just Rose we are so loud. The Schultz is parents must be us. Dude. We are so loud. Take your headphones off her second. Listen to us. We are literally so loud. This is how loud we talk really not all the time. It's actually quiet. Oh and then I was kind of anticlimactic ya know Russ II like Russ true. I can't believe you've never heard. I bet you've heard like what they want like, you know what I mean? No idea what that is. I'm sure you've heard that it was something we have that much. I like musicals. Dude, Kyle Kay came from the league. Please kick him named Sean the face of the cobras organization dude. This is awful. You say musicals. What do you mean like Hamilton or like are you talking like hold on? Hold on guns and ships on the Hamilton album. That's the name of the song dude. That goes hard. Oh my god. Oh, that's too hard. Hamilton's. Oh my God, it's good. Okay, don't get me wrong, but it's not mine. It's not like my absolute Jam you like the greatest Showman. Not that much though. There is a musical based on Percy Jackson's called The Lightning Thief. That's a really good one magic. I start naming off all my favorites. Just just give me like like something people would know a musical that you listen to Aladdin bops. Holy I actually saw Latin I saw the Broadway version of Latin with my parents and my girlfriend and it was so sick like you would like it. I'm dead serious, you know, I still have a shot of me going to a good I just I can't believe High School Musical that you get into your old High School Musical. Listen to music. Oh, I will I will turn High School Musical up so loud Greece heck. Yeah, you live in nineteen. So were you ever so I'm very like much of like a theater kid, right? So we're you ever in like a player like a musical or to tell me in high school. Tell me you weren't there was I wasn't theater when I was a freshman at Pinkney before I left for Brighton. There was I almost tried out for one. But but but hear me out. It was a play not a musical. It was a friend's Seinfeld mix out. Okay, that's actually we're kind of combined the two episodes into one play and I was going to try out. For Chandler Bing. Okay. That's I respect. I wouldn't I wouldn't do it myself. But the character I respect. Yeah, that's the only one I would try to pry I didn't want it. I learned a lot about you. I just like the music I like the Muse you can learn a lot about somebody off their music taste especially if they like musicals and don't know who I really like everything though. Like I listen to music as I listened to country all the time. I was an old Roger wasn't like new rock like modern baseball. If you ever heard of them great band, haven't yeah great band. Have a good weekend read on. Do great your graduation. I haven't heard that. Hey Ryan, you should learn about more about your teammates because Alec and rustler big fans of Modern Baseball and that Modern Baseball. Yeah, that's the name of the band. Oh, what's the oven? Okay, what's the name of the band twin? Twin mattress front bottoms? Yeah, they love them too. That's like Ron Darling Alec and Russell's like favor doing what that like no idea what type of rock and even know like, what would you say that category rocket? I would probably be honest. I just probably put it as like alternative or maybe folk rock folk rocker Funko The 1975 at you. Like I don't know. I don't know if it's any time. I love Cage the Elephant OG. I've heard a couple songs by cage though. I love shoes. Elephant. What if I heard by cage? Elephant Ain't no secret is that sound right? Yeah, secret and rooms allocate no rest for the wicked of the good stuff. I think there's one on she'll like you too. I like with or without you so you don't like you to you just like there 1 Min. Yes. Uh, okay. A lot of people a lot of people have different opinions on YouTube. I'm not a big fan of like, um, hum older I like I like the Scorpions like old rock for old rock like scorpions. I likely Lemak Alcala Mac. I got you. I like the are my favorite is shoot the zombies. I love the zombies. I don't know. I've always want to play the keyboard Matt you taking piano lessons this summer you take Piano lessons. Yeah, summer sounds kind of like a waste of money. Well, I'm not going I'm just gonna do a couple so I can like learn how to teach myself. So instead of teaching yourself, you're going to T. Well have a job. She did you know, sir for a couple lessons because they'll be able to teach me like how to go on the right track because you just got it by yourself. It'll be like really overwhelming the show me like that like what chords and like what notes like start out with and like hand like hand placement something that I met you can do on YouTube like I don't like being physically taught like I don't okay, but just watching things so all in all what I've learned from you today is that you like musicals and you don't know who wrestle I'm surprised you didn't Like musicals because in our group chat, I would like blast musicals and our baseball group chat and they would just be like stop. I just don't like do like newsies and like oh, I hate Newsies. What is my girlfriend? I think I liked you right? I loved you and Hanson. Holy God wicked's okay, we can say oh Bonnie and Clyde's going I should stop talking. Yeah, this is weird, but I don't even care your music career and your musical guy not a wrap guys. And as my crap though, but like are you like like is it big for you or is it like I mean, like I'm not like religious to it like some people I don't like follow usually one rapper. Like if he puts out a good song. I want to listen to that song. I'm not like, oh my God this new album so fresh. What about Lil Uzi vert? I don't actually, you know, he might not like him that's like on the top five. I wouldn't say top three. I like me goes a lot Amigos are good at saw them. But you saw them live. Okay, post Malone. I used to hate post Malone. Like I can just like postman by like I'm now so I think I do like I think I honestly think losey and post Malone would be the four and five for my top 5 lists like yes, I'm listening to Mike Stud. I said, okay, but others a DJ it's so I mean, I guess he's actually sick at it dude. He's actually he's got like a mix board and everything. Yes. He's got a base for his white are insane. Dude. I've got I just got LED lights that change the music in my room. So nice. I love them so much and your phone real quick. Go to Instagram. I'll tell you to look up. Okay, go to my profile go to my father's gentlemen cup DJ Sully. Okay do this with me while you're listening to the my my Instagram Drew dot Davis to go my flowers and follow my brother. I believe his name is at or it's at I am DJ Sully with an i. He's so sick. His lights will guys like his read most recent pose. It's his light. What is it? I what I am DJ Sawyer. Is it just all one word? I think so, you got my flowers and you'll hear it. Yeah, because most recent posts are those lights not there was sick lights ever. Those are crazy. I know. Geez, this guy he's official ladies and gentlemen, he is official is may have 57 followers, but he's pretty good. Yeah, so we got a we got the pull up here on the Instagram on the pipe it up at pipe it up. Mlw Instagram and I'm I think we just do a little bit of a lightning round like question and answer type they'll okay. So, let's see. Let's see, who is your favorite major league baseball player? Skip it what but Buster Posey. And and Personnel Andrew McCutchen for me at yeah, I don't know man. Hey baseball lifestyle said when is BL 101 gonna be on the show dude? Very soon. See I okay. So there's this bill 101 put this Tick-Tock on their Instagram story anyways, but there was this helmet that they had in there and it was like it BL 101 decked out and I texted Josh Shapiro. I was like dude that is so sick. Do you guys sell those and he's like no which helmet it's just like they had they just An Eastern helmet, but they just put a BL 101 logo on it. And I texted him. I was like dude that thing is so nice like what because I'm looking I was looking for a helmet at the time shout out their new windbreakers those things. Oh the gold. Oh, my this is my address. Just text me and I'll give it to you guys don't even know what's happening to them all wbal11, dude. I'm some good. Love them. I love them know like it's not even a it's like not it's above that Drew. Literally, dude me and Josh me and Josh became friends sofa, I love That kid and both Josh's I literally just want a windbreaker. I was it just Gerson right and Gerson as large large. I'm an extra large. All right, this one this one comes from at Dig Dug 500. What a big Doug what came first the chicken or the egg, dude. I will never answer this question ever. There's no right answer. No, I believe I have the right answer. What is it? Okay the egg. I'll tell you why. I'll tell you why tell me what because my theory is it's basically just basic Evolution, you know animals were hatching eggs. Hmm. And at one point in time. The thing that came out of the egg was a chicken was a chicken. You can't kill a chicken can't just show up one day but an egg can because there's other animals that hatch eggs other than chickens seed fund anxious like Yeah, it could have just started as something else mammal and then the chicken was like I'm gonna lay eggs now no way to go is not figure this out yet. I don't know if there's any way you can figure out what's next question. That's it. That's it. Oh wait one more time. A question is literally just like my thoughts but I was watching a leak Animal Planet the other day and I wanted to say that's so interesting and that's like one of the most relaxing type of like, oh my God Animal Planet. Wait, what's it? There's this one on Netflix. It's like if I wasn't running multiple night, I would love to be a Tiger fur for National Geographic that it's like animals at night or something like that on Netflix. I was watching it so nice. There's a couple hours. Wow Drew. I don't want to say it say it say it say it. Yeah, the whole podcast is here. Just say no disrespect. I just I said until you get Steve Irwin because Drew did you order your master? That's unbelievable mermaids? Can we just stop this cover? I do I watch the thing that Animal Planet it was a mermaid documentary. There's two of them the new evidence in the body found very compelling. I totally recommend you watch it with an open mind if you don't believe in mermaids, okay? Why is true so can I my heart to say that Y is Drew so damn sexy who said that it's god-given Jose pH Zack K. He said was it was so damn sexy. It's got style. I told him it's god-given Andrew its elusive. It's where's where's where's my questions like that? Come on now guys Lucifer getting about me. All right. Well, I think we should wrap it up there. That seems like a good note to end on yeah. Thanks. Thanks for tuning in to episode 6 of pipe it up Podcast, you know, it's been great, you know and we'll get those really good episode. Yeah, we nailed it. We nailed it and one more time and I've said a couple times but follow the pipe it up podcast on Instagram at pipe it up. Yeah. Mlw I'm sure Ryan and Drew will be posting every single week like, you know the topics and like the post a new picture every each. Yeah and the only thing that could have made it better is if we are all right we did get down on it no we did I'm content and then you know subscribe to our YouTube channel at mlw Wiffle ball on YouTube and on Instagram you can reach out to me at just it's just Ryan crash on Instagram if you want if you have any questions about the podcast and then you can reach out to Drew at Drew dot Davis to you know so reach out to us if you have any questions or anything you'd like to be discussed on the podcast and looks like we should see you guys in at seven yep see you guys thanks for listening dum-dum