The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book. Being free environment even more fans pointed out that using this group of women as the mouthpiece for the dangers of bullying is problematic. This season on Reddit to users have savagely called out both Victoria F and Sydney Hightower for their vicious bullying in high school. I reported on Sydney's allegations. So make sure you check out the link in the description. It's not just fans calling BS here either last night Blake Horsemen tweeted frustrating seeing people from be IP and producers act like they didn't bully me for an entire season told things like I was a turd that Flush ugly Etc. Hashtag Practice What You Preach with Chris random responding the list goes on and on all that being said Rachel still proudly stands by what was produced posting on Instagram tonight. We stop ignoring a problem and start acknowledging it tonight was hard tonight was emotional tonight was necessary tonight. We challenge you to do better and be better tonight. I was proud to be a part of that conversation. Where do you all land on last night's anti-bullying segment. I would love to hear your thoughts in the comments below. And let me know your thoughts on women tell all in general. That's it for this update on Bachelor News Daily, but I am here every day reporting on all the latest news and Bachelor Nation Make sure to subscribe to this channel. So you don't miss anything and check out our Bachelor exclusive Instagram at batch Buzz daily for updates news and memes. Finally. We have a live after show on Monday after the main show at 7 p.m. Pacific on our main channel. So check that out. I've been your host Jeff Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily and we'll see you soon.