Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. All the hard work and stress did something to Sarah's body. It actually made her hair start falling out. But Sarah had an idea. She wanted to create a product especially for black woman's hair something that would help her hair grow back healthy and strong. She started experimenting with different soaps in ingredients until she got it just right. Switcher brushing to the bottom of your mouth and brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tooth. Sarah created a special shampoo and started selling bottles up and she called it Madam see jaywalkers wonderful hair grower Sarah went door-to-door selling bottles of her shampoo, and it was a hit people really liked it and Sarah started making pretty good money switch or brushing to the other side of the bottom of your mouth and keep on brushing. Sarah started going by the name madam CJ Walker and she was now the head of her own business. Madam. CJ Walker was a hit and she became one of the most successful business people of her time and she was the first black woman to make a million dollars in the United State. Madam. CJ Walker used her new fame and fortune to fight for the rights of other black Americans and because of her drive and business smarts madam, CJ walk. Is tonight's Chompers heroin? That's it for Chompers tonight, but we'll be back with more tomorrow until then three. Chompers is a production of gimlet media.