What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go toAnchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody. The calamus flow the Michigan everybody welcome into another edition of the map step back podcast. I'm your host Dalton trig. I'm joined by my co-host and Dallas basketball on SI colleague. Matt collapsing before we get started here. Just want to remind you guys to go like rate and subscribe on all of your favorite podcast platforms. We're on pretty much every single one of them. Also. Be sure to go subscribe to our YouTube channel map step back podcast on YouTube. The first thousand subscribers are going to be automatically entered for a chance to win two tickets to the Mavs home game of your choice. There's only a select few home games left in this this regular season. So be sure to do that we're over halfway there. If you're listening to this and you want a chance for a couple of free tickets, be sure to do that and it's a win-win you get some math step back podcast content and you have a chance to go to a Game, so get that out of the way Matt. How are you feeling? Pretty good, man. That Pelicans game was one of the better atmospheres. I've been to All Season. It was not only a fantastic game, but the crowd was amazing. I got to do one-on-one interviews with Dez Bryant Michael Irvin saw Pat Mahomes saw eating his are the soccer player, which was very nice one of the more Starstruck moments of my life because I'm a big soccer guy. So it was really cool. And that was also the first time Got to see Zion live and let me tell you he is something else every bit as advertised every little bit. Yeah now, I mean look at that just just watching the ESPN broadcast which you know throughout this season, every time the Mavs have played on ESPN. I've always kind of thought the ESPN broadcast their they're a little bit more quiet than You know Fox Sports Southwest or wherever else TNT whatever but even with it being on ESPN, you could definitely tell it was a it had kind of a playoff vibe to it that game and of course you had the the storyline of it was the first time Luca and Zion. We're playing against each other. It was the first time Zion had played against the Mavs period this year. I remember I was so disappointed when I found Out. Yeah, the the mass played in New Orleans for the second game of the regular season and I was excited about going down for that that was supposed to be Zions home debut. And then you know something happened. I think they played their first game in Toronto and something happened and he ended up, you know sitting out or something. I forgot exactly what happened. But anyway, he didn't play and I was so disappointed. So I've yet to see him play in person. Yet but yeah, it was a great atmosphere. The Mavs got the win. Very entertaining game overall went into overtime shouldn't have gone into overtime, but it did Luca finish with 30 points 17 rebounds 10 assists. And I mean that comes after where I mean tell me if I'm wrong about this but I mean Luca he didn't have his best game, you know up until like, you know the end of it when he closed. Out and yet you still look up and you see 30 17 and 10. I mean am I accurate in saying that? Well, I mean, I think he kind of got off to a little bit of a slow start his thumbs. Obviously bothering him his right ankle 11 turnovers his ankle looks like an elephant leg sometimes because it's so swollen, but you know when the time comes he's ready to step up and he really close that game out had you know had Seth Curry made both free throws we probably wouldn't have had to go through the overtime period right? Well, we wouldn't have and male it's mainly for the Pelican. I don't know. I don't know his first name, but Mellie he was O of six from three that entire game and then he catches it in the corner with KP smothering him and somehow gets that shot up and it goes in like that's such a Mavs thing to happen. Well, yeah, and it doesn't make any sense because Seth has become one of like literally the second best three-point shooter of all time statistically and he's like 70% on his free throws in the last like two games or whatever and it's just like he shot sick. He shot 68 does. Okay. So in the month of February Seth Curry shot 60% from Three for the entire month but he shot 60, I believe it was 68 percent from the free-throw line in that same month. It's just it's crazy man. I don't know what to say about it. Yeah, and I thought you know the more underrated player in that game who really made a difference was actually Maxi who had five blocks. He had six rebounds. I think he had for cysts, but he guarded Zion about as well as you could possibly hope for oh, yeah, and you know, he was a huge difference KP had five blocks and like 34 points or whatever and he's playing like an MVP which we'll talk about in a little bit. And you know, obviously the Pelicans aren't World beaters yet. But ever since Zion is come back and you know been inserted into the lineup. They've just been there a very good completely they're a completely different team and I think they're going to push for that eight spot with Memphis, even though there's you know, a few games difference there, they're dangerous and they're going to beat some people and Memphis has been kind of struggling they've been up and down so you know it Well could be Zion versus LeBron in the first round of the playoffs which I think would be fascinating. Yeah, this definitely isn't the same Pelicans team that the maps have beat up on, you know, the previous three times. They met in this season Zion. He makes a world of difference for them. It lessens the pressure on Brandon Ingram who is a great player in his own right? You know Lonzo ball. He's improved his three-point shot and he's a good Defender. I mean they've just got a lot of really good young Talent on that team and I don't know. I mean just the whole thing of Lucca versus eye on it was such a it was such an interesting thing to watch because obviously Luke is never going to you know, back down from a challenge. He even you know, he had a step-back three over Zion early in that game and then he put the game away late and he's going to do his thing and Zion he still put up some good numbers, even though like you said Maxie and KP got him a few times at The Rim, you know early in that game. It was a tag-team block. It was Maxie and KP coming over in blocking Zion Zion fell to the floor. And that was the first real like super loud playoff moment. You know, I that I heard from that crowd when that happened. That was that was the moment where I was like, oh, Okay, this is going to be fine. But I mean, yeah, I mean it was a great first matchup between Luca and Zion and I think that's a lot of what we're going to see going forward. I think it's going to be a great rivalry and you know, we've talked about it before and I hate to bring it up and I hate to dwell on it too much but just the fact that the Mavs had the same exact odds as the Pelicans and The Grizzlies that lat as Draft Lottery and you know, the Pelicans end up getting the first pick and Zion the Grizzlies end up getting the second pick in Jama rant. And then the Mavs end up. I think they fell to eight there something in lost their pick to Atlanta. Like that's just that is the worst luck ever. So instead of pairing job Morant or Zion with Luca now, they're both in the Southwest Division and you know, it's going to be nuts for years to come. Yeah, it's gonna well it's going to kind of suck playing Zion in your own Division and seeing him four times a year and all that. But you know, it's great for the NBA I think because and then it kind of goes back to the atmosphere last night, you know, it's nationally televised primetime game and it's you know, the future of the NBA with with Luca and and Zion and you know and fish talked about it to you know, there's there's other players you can. Go into that mix like, you know, Trey young and job Morant and all that but these are the 2 these are the 2 Prime Time examples and they're going to be the to probably be the two biggest stars in the NBA and in five or ten years. So yeah, and I mean the most fun and the most exciting part for me is you know, I watched that game last night and I'm thinking, you know, two three years down the road maybe, you know, the Pelicans there. They're only going to get better from here the Mavs. They're only going to get better from here. I just keep thinking in my head like man. What if these two teams ended up playing in the Western Conference Finals one year, that would be so much fun for me. I'd be down there at every one of those away games, you know, when they when they play in New Orleans and I'm sure New Orleans would actually have a decent crowd show up for that too. So it would be great. I'm looking forward to it. No, yeah, it's going to be a lot of fun for a lot of for a long time. But you know just we're going to move on to you know, we've already talked about how Maxie and KP did their thing defensively against Zion Zion. He put up good numbers and he showed his dominant scale. You know, Maxie, he wasn't going to be able to hold him, you know all night, but it was enough, you know to keep him from you know, just blowing the game away and And that was one of the things that people questioned when Zion came into the league was, you know, he's not very tall super athletic. So it doesn't really matter. He can jump from the paint out to the three-point line and block a shot if he needs to but you know, he's got a height disadvantage and so you're going up against guys like athletic almost seven footer and kleber kleber and then a 7-foot. Foot 3 porzingis. I mean it it obviously gave him some trouble at times and they just did a great job and it allowed Luca to you know do his thing and they didn't really have to just worry about about Zion. They were able to contain others as well. So except for Alonzo ball who decided to shoot a career-high. I think you hit like six or seven threes in that game, but Step back is brought to you by Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast in one place for free and you don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcasts. You never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline where ever you are and you can easily share what you're listening to with your friends on it. Aram if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for the step back. Mm as podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure you follow us. So you never miss an episode of the step back just moving on from from that. You mentioned it porzingis. He's playing like an MVP right now. It's MVP level stuff. From KP, you know over his last 10 games. He's averaging 26 points 11 rebounds 3 assists and almost three blocks in just 33 minutes a night and he's shooting almost 50% from the field 39 percent from three and 82 from the free-throw line. He's just he's been so good Matt. And yeah, we this is what we've been waiting for all year. Here and with each game as good as he's been lately you keep thinking. Okay. Well, when's he gonna take a step back? Is this just like a streaky thing, but the way he's doing it. It makes it to me at least it makes it seem like this is sustainable and that's really exciting as we go through the rest of the season and into the playoffs and you know into the future next year depending on what the Mavs can do during the day. Draft or free agency and add to this roster. It's really exciting though. Because like I said, he's meshing well with Luca both guys are getting their numbers and they're starting to put it together and you know string some some wins with each other playing at this level. So what do you what are your thoughts on that is MVP level exaggerating a little bit or do you think that's exactly what he's doing right now? I mean, yeah, I mean he's playing at that level obviously, he's been he's been fantastic. But I mean do we remember the old trade trade KP trade KP you remember all that noise? I do. I mean it was it was absolutely absurd it was on the radio. It was on Twitter and like and I've been saying this all year long. I've been I think I've probably been the most rational person about All season it's just he hasn't played in two years give him time. It's going to happen. He's going to figure out how to play with Luca and when he does it's going to be fantastic and these are the results of that. These are the results of the patients there 14 games about 500 now, I think or is it 13 is 13 right now? Okay, 13 games about 500 there in you know a lot for the playoffs despite what some people keep saying It's and P it look if any if anybody tries to tell you that the Mavs aren't making the playoffs this year just completely tune those people out because that's just that's one following mute. Unfollowing mute. The the math is there guys it's going to happen. Yeah, and it look this is what we envisioned when he was first traded here and now we have it and I don't I think it's sustainable. I don't think I don't see any reason why I wouldn't be sustainable. Well that I mean see that's what I'm saying. It's not like he's out there playing 40 minutes and overexerting himself or anything. He's comfortable. He's out there doing it in 32 33 minutes a night and it's just it's coming so E for him and that's what makes me think. It's sustainable. He's not he's not overexerting himself. He's very comfortable doing this and that's what I think should be, you know scary to one of these top three seeds that they'll end up probably facing. Yeah, and we hope it's not the Clippers well, and well, I'm glad you said that because I wanted to make this point, you know, we haven't seen this version of KP and Luca versus the Clippers yet and they still play the Clippers. I have to look and say I don't know if it's one more time. They play the Clippers at least one more time this season. I think that's coming up in a week or so. And so I'm really interested to see how this version. Of Lucca and KP matchup against the Clippers. Obviously the Clippers still aren't you still don't want to play them if you can avoid it, but if they have to you know it I think it would end up being at least a little bit more hopeful with this version of the mass versus what you know, they played the Clippers with earlier in the season. I'm still not hopeful about that it I know I know it's different. But like I just think the Clippers are another animal I know. You know as people always say, you know, you play the game on the court not on paper whatever. It's it's still terrifies me. They're so good. And you know, we're going to talk about their ceiling you want just go ahead and talk about their ceiling since we're on the subject now. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, okay, so, okay. So before we jump into this we're basically going to talk about this team ceiling just this season. So not talking about going into the Summer if they add other pieces with the the roster as it sits the rest of the season and going into the playoffs. What is the ceiling of this team with everybody firing on all cylinders? I've said this. Pretty much all year since you know, since it became apparent like okay this team is going to be in the playoffs. I think it's the second round. I think that's their ceiling now. That doesn't mean that. I don't have faith in or I don't think they're they're good. Or I don't think that they're dangerous or whatever. I just think that Okay, when they get to the second round they're going to have if they don't play the Clippers in the first round. They're going to have to play either the Clippers of the Lakers and the second round and I don't see them beating either those teams. So I think it's the second round. They would make I think they would make both series tough on both of those teams, especially the Lakers, but I just I just don't see a scenario. Which they can, you know take down either those teams with LeBron being playoff LeBron and Kawhi being, you know, the Terminator. I just you know, I can't see it. Well, I know you're going to say they're going to win the finals. I'm rich. I'm not and if we're if we're being technical for if we're being like, you know kg after he won that title with the Celtics anything is possible, then yes, I mean, they technically could go to the finals and win it. That was also the most fake thing anybody's ever said a basketball very staged. But anyway, so I mean my my I guess you'd call it. My realistic ceiling is And again, this is with everybody firing on all cylinders Luca and KP playing exactly how they're playing right now meshing. Well together KP just being a absolute stud. I think they could get to the Western Conference Finals before running out of gas if all goes according to plan and I mean, obviously the the way the Western Conference standings end up could play a big part. Part in this too. I don't know. I've been looking at the standings and from number two all the way down to number 6, even even with the Mavs at number seven. I mean, it's still Anything could happen with a little less than 20 games left. You look at the Clippers. They're currently the number two seed and then you have Denver Houston, Utah OKC and then the Mavs. Best case scenario here as far as you know bracket wise if somehow the Clippers could fall to Fourth, you know, so there in that that top half of the bracket with the Lakers. That's your best case scenario right there. Because then even if the Mavs move up to 6 if they stay at 6 or 7, so then you're playing either Denver or Houston in the first round and then in the second round you'd be playing either OKC or Utah. Or some combination of those four isn't that that would be the biggest things catch either catch either Denver or Houston in the first round and then catch either one of those two or Utah are OKC and second round and then you'd probably play the Lakers or the Clippers in the Western Conference finals. And then that's probably you know, where they run out of gas, but I don't know like I said it if you take it Consideration just that that phrase firing on all cylinders and if they're hot going into the playoffs, it's like it's like Shawn Marion told us when he came on here not too long ago hot teams win championships and he knows that you know, just as well as anyone else because he was part of that 2011 Mavs championship team that they got hot at the right time and they just bulldozed over everybody. So So, okay. I have a I don't know. I have a argument against that and I think it's not like a holy shit moment or anything, but There was a couple of pretty big factors in that number one the Lakers were. You know an absolute disaster. Like in the locker room Andrew Bynum Kobe that whole thing. Was falling apart already in the Mavs. Just you know, they caught him at the right time. Obviously the Mavs were hot, Oklahoma City is probably not gonna I'm not gonna sit here and let you discredit our Championship run. I'm not discrediting it. I'm just saying there were other factors that went into it besides just that they were hot Oklahoma City was probably the most talented team on paper in the Western Conference that year But they were too young. So if you want me to make a comparison with this team to the 2011 year, I would have to say that the Mavs might be the Oklahoma City in that scenario. Maybe they do make it to the Western Conference Finals, but it's just there's so many more things that go into it other than just your team being hot and that's all that's all I'm saying. Well, that's that's one that was that was The Matrix comment on that. At that, that's one reason why I said, you know Western Conference Finals is probably my ceiling because it's like you said that OKC team extremely talented had a young Katie who was already a superstar Russell Westbrook was already a star or Rising Star then you had James Harden coming off the bench. I was hoping you wouldn't go Russell Westbrook a superstar. Well, he was on his way. But he's not a superstar. He I mean he is though. No, he's I'm not gonna tell him that I'm not gonna tell him that in case, you know, the Mavs and Rockets meet up in the playoffs. I'll let you you or Cuban do that. Laughs last time that happened the Mavs lost in five games. So I'd rather not you know say anything bad about Russ. But anyway, I do kind of see a similarity they are they there. They're really talented on paper. They're too young Stars can you know put up huge numbers, but they don't have that experience. So I think they could get hot and I think they can make a run to the Western Conference Finals. But then you know, that's probably where they learn a hard lesson, but I don't know either no matter how it goes. It's still going to be just amazing to finally experience the playoffs again for the first time and And in three years it's been and I mean we've been suffering just from a three-year drought we've been so spoiled spoiled as Mavs fans and media and and all that because they made the playoffs so many years. They were title contenders for so many years with Dirk and then once it just once it's gone, you're like, oh man. Are we ever going to get it back? Because you look at teams like the neck. Nixon who else who Am I who else has not been to the playoffs in a very long time the Kings, you know franchises like that that just can't seem to get back on the wagon and you never know when it's going to end. Well, it's finally going to end for for Mavs fans and everybody around the team after just three years. It's going to be great to experience that again, and I really hope they can at least get past the first First round they definitely have the talent to but as high as their ceiling is, you know, their their floors, it can be pretty low too when Luca and KP aren't clicking so or if they're not healthy. So there they have a very wide range that can go one way or the other and I I'm just ready to get to that point and see what they can do. Yeah, same I'm anxious to see what They're going to look like, you know, when things get ramped up physically and mentally and you know, all that stuff in the playoffs. It's a totally different game and maybe the fact that you know, neither of those those are two stars are afraid of anything will help maybe the stage will be too big for them. We don't know because neither of them have ever been in the NBA playoffs and that's kind of the exciting / nerve-wracking part of it So we'll see and then just and just a brief look ahead here that this will be our last thing we talked about and then we'll head on out but Friday they've got Memphis at American Airlines Center. And the last time they played the Grizz. They got embarrassed at home. It was the final score had Memphis winning by 14, but we all know it wasn't near as close as what That final score indicated. So they owe the Grizz one. I don't believe Luke it and play in that game. Did he? I think he was out. I don't even remember. I tried to block that good for my memory. Yeah. He Luca was out in that one. So but yeah that that they definitely are the Grizzlies one and the Grizz, you know, they're trying to keep winning and lock in that final playoff spot in the west. So it Should be another really great atmosphere and it's a weekend game. So that should be really fun. Then also over the weekend they play the Pacers at home and then you know next Tuesday and Wednesday. They have a back-to-back against the Spurs on the road. And then the Denver Nuggets at home so many back-to-backs. Hey, there's only two more left this season. So I just feel like there's been so many lately there have I mean the second part of this schedule has been has been pretty rough in that regard. But you know, the finish line is in sight and that's one good thing about the playoffs to there are no back to bags and you know and in some scenarios like when you switch from home to away, you know, the traveling and everything there's usually two days in between at least so that'll be a great thing for the Mavs going into the playoffs. But if they get these next two games They'll be at 40 and 25, which I don't know. There's something about there's something about getting to that rounded 40 number that really makes me excited, you know, seeing 40 and 25 in 15 games over 500 before going into that back to back next week. That would be that would be great. So let's hope for the best there, but you know just looking at the standings just updated standings thing. Like I said Mavs are still Seventh there are half a game behind the Thunder just when you think that they might catch the Thunder for that sixth spot. The Mavs have a dud like they did in Chicago against the Bulls or you know, the the Thunder they end up playing a team like Detroit and you know, they're obviously going to win that. I think I think OKC's next game is against the Knicks. So, you know, they're catching some pretty T easy teams here, even though the Knicks beat the Rock is the other day, which was good. So they're half a game behind the Thunder still there two games behind Utah for the fifth seed. They are two and a half games behind the rockets for the fourth seed and home court and they still have two head-to-head matchups with the Rockets left on the schedule and they also have a head-to-head with OKC and Utah. So I mean, it's it's going to get crazy down the stretch Matt. I mean, I don't know. Where do you think they're going to finish after this after this 18-game stretch? I just hope it's not the 7 seed hate to put you on the spot like that. But I just I see all these head-to-heads they have with the teams that are right there within Striking Distance in the standings and and how well, you know Luca and KP have been playing lately and if they're healthy, I'm just thinking like man. I I could see them, you know getting to the fourth seed I Those Rockets games are going to be as big as any other games. Yeah, I mean, there's only two and a half game difference between mass and the rockets two games between you know, Mavs and Jazz and half a game with the thunder so and then six and a half between the Grizzlies. So, you know, like we said, you know really don't have to worry about that. But yeah, I don't know we'll see five games between the Clippers is not attainable all the Ones though, if you told me the Mavs went on a hot streak and caught up some of these teams I wouldn't be surprised. Yeah, well my just given how they're playing and looking at the standings. I just have a gut feeling we're going to end up as the fifth seed for some reason. I have no I have no reasoning for that. I just that's just my feeling I feel like we're going to end up being a five seed. So we will see anything else before we take off. I don't think so. It's just going to be an exciting couple of You know, we're down the final stretch of the season. It's been a long one, but I'm excited to see what happens and you know, finally get into the playoffs and make some noise and that you know in that Arena and have a super crowded media room. Yeah, and now you're looking looking forward to that for sure. But all right guys, look we're going to cut it off there will see you guys next week. But before we take off for good here just want to remind you to like right and subscribe again on all your favorite platforms. Be sure to check out Mavs s i.com. We got a lot of great content up from the Luca Zion. Like Matt said he got to do him and fish got to do interviews with Dez Bryant Michael Irvin. Just great great content going up on the site every single day. So be sure to check all that out. We'll see you next week. Have a good one. As a propaganda in my eyes. I've been here forever to thinking that I just arrived now step back and go more of a letter. I'm treat this rap game like his target practice and I ain't even got a Heyman my see his shots just for saying my name now may seem they say I'm acting different labels called my phone, but I'm late.