Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two of you. Thank you sister. Okay, so sister, could you tell Jenna and all of our friends a little bit about yourself? My name is Darren stay. I'm a sister of life and who 12 years ago and I live in the Bronx but I grew up in rural Maine in truth. I true girl. I love natural beauty. I love the stars at night and I love bringing those loves and strong sense of community that I really gained and growing up in rural Maine to the streets in New York city. So it's God's play around here and it's a great place to be a sister. Because people are looking for a word and they're looking for signs of hope so a lot of fun and counters and just to give to be consecrated to the charism of life, you know, just revealing the beauty of the human person to to those that God and Trust to us. So yeah sister, I love that you shared on retreat in Ireland a really sweet story about just how God surprised you that your own witness could be so encouraging to just walk the streets and smile at people I like To call it. Yes being the the smile and the mystical Body of Christ. But I do remember feeling very intimidated. I was my first little Mission as a novice as an epilogue novice and I had to commute like 20 blocks through the city streets. I was like, okay Lord not into it. You just put the word on my hair is like sister just just smile for me. Alright, just smile. And I did I'm praying my rosary walk this 20 blocks smile at those who have the courage to look at me. And yeah, it was blessed. Yet it was two years later that I was walking down Fifth Avenue kind of in a in the same neighborhood. This is two years later and this stint only lasted three months and this woman came up to me and she was like, I know you I mean and she grabbed me by the shoulders and she was like looking like we were best friends and I was like, oh my gosh, tell me how did we meet? She's like sister. We never met. She's like I saw you walk by my shop every morning two years ago. I was going through a super hard time and it brought me to my knees to the Lord in prayer. It brought me back to the church and it brought my through super hard time. So it was like I was like, whoa, Lord what you can do with our little yeses Manhattan became a lot smaller gods Greece became a lot realer as he wants to be speaking. He wants our lives to be living gospels each day. That's amazing. And it's something we all can do. So, I really appreciate you reminding us of that so sister, I am really Jealous, because I didn't get to go to Ireland, but I'm curious if you would be willing to share maybe a Grace or two that was personal for you from the Ireland Retreat. What a privilege it was to be part of it. So the grease is personally I fell in love with Ireland with the hearts and souls of Ireland such a beautiful women of Grace fighting the good fight and clinging to Christ in a way that was just so edifying and inspiring I didn't want to leave but for the grace of obedience I was So inspired seeing the fruit of what you all are doing and how beautifully you are evangelizing the feminine heart. I talked to a woman from like some obscure place in Europe and she was literally telling me how she drinks this up and you are her community and I was just praising God that you all exist that you're uniting the Human family. So it was a huge sign of Hope for me actually to know that you all are creating a family of Grace throughout the world. And I came home all the more inspired in my own. Yes my own vocation serving as a 4-meter here for the community. The last race was seeing like the magnitude of God's love two hearts willing to receive him when permission is given when we give God permission. He changes people's lives and I think just talking to the women their wounds that were healed new places in the heart. Opened to receiving his love you courage to give Yes to Jesus Christ and just watching Jesus Christ touch all our hearts there and I think I was just renewed in the power of that. The power of God's love when we give it permission praise be to God. Hey mom sister that reminds me of your founder Cardinal O'Connor isn't that a phrase of his give God permission? Yes, and he stole it from one of his dear friends Mother Teresa when he was ordained a bishop. He was walking back from his ordination after JP to laid hands on him and saw this little figure kind of curled up next to the wall. And he knew instantly who it was he walked right over. It was Mother Teresa just humbly crash near this wall. He shook her hand. She looked him dead in the eyes and she said give God permission give God permission. And so Colonel Connor often would say that he was see that to us as sisters. It's powerful. It keeps me saying yes. Yeah. I I didn't know that story. Thanks for sharing that beautiful sister. I'm kicking myself because I never asked you. How did you choose your name in a nutshell and maybe just a little backdrop to why do we even choose for this names and names are powerful and regardless of whether your sister or your just living the Christian Life come and know what your name means because it really speaks to Mission and identity but can draw you deeper into those things and the gray sky. Has and has invited you to uniquely in your own life. But when I was born, I was born number seven of eight kids. I was born a twin and my father really wanted a daughter named Rachel. So I got that name and I later came to find in my college Years that Rachel meant lamb and I really got into this big lamb spirituality. Just Grace upon Grace about out what it meant to follow the lord humbly, Das Ali fell after the Good Shepherd. I was a huge in Road and inflow of Love in My Kind of deeper conversion to the Lord and when I felt called to religious life initially, I knew I was being called to be a Living Sacrifice the lamb spirituality really echoed with that. So when it came to Discerning a religious name, they speak of religious consecration being a deepening of your baptismal Grace your vectors. As a Christian in a sense and I knew that while my father had called me his lamb Rachel God the father was calling me now to be his lamb a lamb of God and my full religious name is Marie a Agnus Dei, which means Mary's Lamb of God. And so I really knew that I was going to be set free to be able to respond and love to this great call of Love of the father and to make up my whole life and offering of them through our lady, right? I'm hers and she makes the way so much easier as Mary's lamb and really the heart of the mystery is that Union of those two yeses our lady and our Lord At The Cross the Annunciation and across kind of coming together and that depth of yes that the United there. So I'm just like the little lamb in between are leading our Lord. I think I didn't know Rachel met lamb. What a gift that God always knew he had called you from the The womb, you know me seriously growth is crazy the longer I live it gets more and more real. It's incredible. Yeah, he knows us from Infinity. He chose us from eternity. That's true for each one of us. But so beautiful. Thanks for sharing that I'm glad I asked finally. Well, that's kind of you to ask. It's a delight to share it really Okay, so sister the first time I talked to you on the phone, it was the first time we met you were introducing yourself. And you said just as if it was the most natural thing in the world and I'm more in love with Jesus every day, and I just wanted to like Worship the Lord it was so beautiful that you said that and I feel that way too. So I would love to hear how did you fall in love with Jesus? What a privilege to be asked, you know as all great love stories. Go lots of drama. I mean I grew up in rural Maine there really wasn't an abundance of Catholic culture in there. My father was a convert to Catholicism and he didn't convert until 25 years into the marriage and really his life was a day-by-day walk towards the Lord. So my mother really was kind of the strong Catholic presence in the home and and raised us with a sense of Faith, but it really wasn't until college that I came to experience it. So when I went to college, I basically Like okay, I better get to know this God and figure out if I really believe in him and as soon as I open the door gave God permission. So to speak I fell head over heels in love with God John Paul II serology of the body broke open this world that like my life was a gift. I couldn't believe it. Like I had been told every other thing but that began this incredible Exodus out of all these places of Exile and into the Covenant relationship with God that I've been baptized into I met other Catholic young adults asking the same questions. Who am I who's God what's my call to love and be loved and I found answers and I found them in a person Jesus Christ. I sir going to daily mass. It was like, oh my gosh who knew that Eucharistic presence just started poorly crashing my party it was so for real. I'm like he's for real. I did a consecration to our lady and it radically changed my life. He speak of our lady is That's the Holy Spirit bam. That's what happened and Christian friendship. I met amazing amazing people and I was just able to be held in a place of Love answer and ask the Deep questions in my heart and began a life of prayer where I could really live in conversation with god and listen begin to hear his invitations and summons. So I think when I graduated I mean College I dated some great guys. I also met a lot of beautiful religious so really kind of looked at both locations, Ins saw and really came to understand the beauty of both and remember graduating from college and the Lord had really brought me to a place of holy indifference like even though with everything in my heart and like I really want to know I really want to dive into my life on location. The Lord was like chill out. Let me just give this to you as a gift when the time is ready, which wasn't when I graduated. I started working as an ICU nurse in Washington DC and it was crazy. E is a place where I confronted a lot of darkness and pain and human suffering and again the seeds of the cares of life in that context Brew. They actually exploded it was one of the hardest years of my life, but in a real way one of the best in that it tested me and allowed to unfold the the charism ultimately that I would be called to and I just remember it was after code. So we almost lost Someone it was crazy. And I remember sitting down at the nurse's station and I was working the night shift. So it's like three in the morning and I just became aware that there is kind of a new door that the Lord wanted to walk through in my heart and I just remember going home that night or that morning. Sorry and my roommate because we're like six Catholic girls living in this little Row House in bunk beds. We're having the time of her life. I just remember before I went to bed. Christine I think I have a vocation and she looked me dead in the eye and she's like Rachel you're tired go to bed and yet when I woke up, honestly, there's a fire in my heart and I just knew I had to talk to someone so locations director for the Archdiocese. He kind of thought it was crazy, but he called me in talk to me said okay, here you go. Just go before the Lord and be quiet as to know the deepest desires of your heart and pray for the grace not to be afraid of what comes So I walked from his office to the Crypt church at the the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception on see you as campus and I pray the prayers and just unbelievable Grace of Peace just descended and filled my heart and all I knew is when I went to receive the Lord and communion. I knew he was inviting me to receive him in a new way. And as I turned to my seat and knelt down and as I was praying my Thanksgiving I Heard the clearest most beautiful gentle invitation consecrated life with the sisters of life. Will you come and I have to say I felt like I won the lottery like every little molecule in my being exploded with this. Yes, like I knew it was what I was made for it was like every dream come true and honestly everything else pales. I threw myself a retirement party and yeah, I fell and after this invitation of love and I was 12 years ago and it really does get better every day. And I didn't think that was possible but it is I gave the Lord everything and yet I have to tell you I feel like a given him nothing and he always gives a hundred fold back when you give him permission and you let him Lead You In the ways that he has called you in you lose nothing you find yourself high as those crosses included short long version. There it is was the best Amazing. I was just chatting with someone this week. Who said that Catholicism is too good to be true that Jesus Christ in the Blessed Sacrament is too good to be true. It's not too good to be true. It's a real well and I mean honestly Jenna I can tell you I definitely wasn't voted most likely to become a nun and I would have been the first one to say like, I'm gonna power through life and climb to the top and rock this thing out. In all the ways our our culture tells us to and yet I am so grateful God wrecked my plans and gave me the grace to encounter love and believe in it because it is absolutely for real. He is who he says he is and when we welcome him in to our hearts, and we trust in that love watch out. He is a person we can talk to him we can bring our worries to him. He cares about those every littlest thing every big thing. It's not too good to be true. I have nothing and yet I can tell you and I wouldn't trade it for the world. Yeah, sometimes when I slip into sin of like gossip or anger or Pride any of those things, I sometimes think to myself does this happen in religious communities even sister thinking about you being in a hospital like that world is very different than what you're doing right now and how you're living your life and the people you see speak with every single day. So I'm just curious how that transition was for you for you to be purified. Listen Jenna it's every day to love you have to choose for it. You have to fight for it. And as you speak of yeah, the reality of community life. We live a very strong Community like we are create together. We do all of our missions together its corporate and absolutely the intensity of that choosing to be a loyal. Sister and that's why we do have to live a deep life of prayer. We have to tap into the power of the sacraments. Do we fail and fall absolutely in a sense the height and depth of love is infinite and certainly there's plenty of times to say, I'm sorry and yet even that I can tell you the sisters that I've flooded up the most with are the ones that we live in an incredible trust and depth of love because of that choice to neutrally reconcile. While Jesus is Love is for real and can not only help us to love each other. Well, but also draws back together when we fail and when we fall and we don't reverence her sister. Absolutely. We're on The Struggle Bus with you. It was a really strong witness sister that when you came to Ireland you didn't come alone. You came with another sister international travel with a friend is really a true test. Actually. It's the truth even when like there's this screens, right? In front of you on these planes for international flights. So even sister Marta and I since we're traveling together were like, well should we watch the same movie together? But you see this in every location to I mean, I see this in my sister's marriage has I see this for Lay people have committed themselves to in a deep effort of love love is a sacrifice. Usually it's in the little things. That's where it starts. That's where it finishes and we get the grace to our Eucharistic Lord. We live a Eucharistic spirituality. So he creates are Communion he creates community. So in a real sense, it's not something we do. It's not something we affect. It's something we welcome it would say that's true in the grace of any family and family life is actually just welcoming the grace that God wants to give and put there. It's stepping back and giving him room which could take a lot of Courage because a lot of times, you know, we love to do it ourselves. Yeah, absolutely as a mom or as a friend I find So much that I am so much more kind. I'm so much gentler. I'm so much more like Jesus when I'm drawing closer to Jesus. It never feels like enough if I'm just trying to do it on my own it never feels like I'll get there and the little glimpses of me having peace when I'm like a super frustrated or being able to be kind in a situation where I wouldn't normally be its own. Only because of the grace of being with the Lord every day or trying to be with the Lord every day. One of my sister's has five boys under the age of nine and she's pregnant. We love talking to each other and strengthen each other and it's in every vocation sacrifices the frustrations and sometimes we like to talk about taking a miracle minute and for I think a busy mom she like tells everyone I'm going to the bathroom. It's like coming out of the boxing ring and just getting a word. Letting him fill your tank and bring perspective. The struggle is real the battles real and even just trying to think about the Lord. Sometimes it's the best we can do. That's heroic. Good job. I've never had a deep Devotion to Mary not a proud thing to say, but I've been praying through her more often and I found one. I'm really frustrated with things especially with my children. I just start reciting the Hail Mary but I wasn't even doing it consciously like I wasn't like prey Jenna. I just started saying it it's literally like a life raft. Like I feel like okay. I'm going to be okay. She did this she got through this. Oh, no, it's just been really beautiful. I just think the more were intimate with the Lord the more easily those things happen. Yeah, I would imagine that what you're saying about living such an intentional community life just in terms of your daily rhythm of prayer really provides like a baseline of Grace for your apostolate as crew. Since we gotta stick together and the evil one the enemy loves to divide he likes to break up and he loves to break sanctuaries the family of Christian Community of marriage you write all of these beautiful sanctuaries of love and life. And so the best way to guard against that is yeah to choose the yeah, there's sacrifice in it, but it builds a fortress of love and Christ will build it. He'll build that the holy spirit is about it. He's got the edge. Sister, I want to tell you I just finished an eight-day silent Retreat actually with your community at your beautiful Retreat House in Connecticut. I didn't have a ton of expectations, but I did just have a sense that I want to live a more generous self-giving life and I find myself being really irritable over ridiculous things and like I need my have a prayer life. I'm right here buddy. I'm not seeing myself. Change even being rooted in the sacraments or even in prayer and I don't know there's been sort of a disconnect for me in like how exactly to sacrifice and to give of myself in love. So I don't know that that's really a question just for anyone else who's like struggling to grow in virtue or discouraged at their lack of growth in love or virtue. Would you have any kind of encouragement or tips to sacrifice? And to have a more generous heart absolutely what religious life has taught me more than anything is who I am. I'm God's daughter, but I'm also a broken Center and yet in and through my baptism. I have been grafted to the life of Jesus Christ. Okay. So of that is born possibilities, I'm a sinner and in the littlest and biggest ways, but I'm also loved and so in Since as you're struggling first of all, praise God that you're struggling as a really really good sign you're trying you're seeking to to follow the lead of race and of love and that what Jesus tells us. It's a narrow road second stop trying and what you want to do is pause and do the greatest thing that anyone can do and do what essentially is ours to do is to remember a wait a second I can depend on someone. I don't have to do this myself. In fact God doesn't want us to be that way in after my baptism. He took responsibility for me. He forged an eternal Covenant Covenant love is like a forever kind of love. That means if I fall off the wagon if I screwed up really bad he still there. All I have to do is say father Abba help. My hands are dirty. Can you wash me up to receive God's love is the greatest activity of the human person. It's the greatest thing we can quote. Do there it is. It's like taking a miracle minute pausing and turning ourselves over turn it over to Jesus. We need love. We need Jesus Christ. We need a savior and guess what? We have one. So yeah start sending them some heart texts. You see might send them to your friends send them to Jesus. What's going on your heart be totally real start in the present moment What's the real stuff that you need? Jesus to get into? Is it your worry? Is it your fears? Is it your struggle to love someone? Is it your struggle to even see the good in? Someone just say Jesus. I am struggling to love right now. What do you want to do about that? I mean, it's honestly that simple hey Jesus. All I want to do right now is self-condemned. I just want to tell myself. I'm a loser. What's your word to me right here? It's actually building this new interior habit of turning to the one the answer. We need the most. I appreciate that because I know that it is that simple. So thanks for the reminder. Actually Beth. I sympathize like it's easy to forget. I think we all struggle with standing in the truth of who we are, you know guys full of a daughters and remembering that and the inheritance that comes with that I'm with you and I'll pray for you pray for me too. You all are incredible witnesses to me the beauty of lived fee. I just see you guys to light. It actually and you thank you sister. Thank you so much sister your wisdom, and joy is such a beautiful witness. So, thank you, and I'm excited to exercise my smile. I just want to thank you for embodying your cares. I'm so well, you've spoken such life into this conversation and into our hearts, and I'm sure Into the Heart of every person listening. So thank you and bless you and we will pray for you. Thank you Beth. Thank you, Jenna. You are radiant Witnesses of his love sister. Would you mind closing us in a prayer? Oh, I would love to and they even the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen Jesus. We thank you for the gift of your love. We thank you that you give yourselves to us entirely and each moment and In This Moment Lord. We just want to turn our hearts over to you. We want to turn over what most worried. Is us what most causes us anxiety and fear reading that burns are Hurts the Most we just asked and agrees to turn over to you Jesus and we ask that you speak your light your life your love into these places that you consume them with your love and you drown each of us all those listening Jenna and Beth and just an ocean of your piece. of your love you just help us to relax in the gift of love that you offer Us in each moment that it's never if you're loving us but And blessed mother we asked for you to draw us into your Mac at heart and pray for us as we say Hail. Mary full of grace. The Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death. Amen. Amen, thank you. Sister baby sister. God bless you. So good to see you. Thanks so much for gathering with us here on the blessed. Is she podcast send over all your questions using the anchor app? We'd love to hear from you connect with us at blessed is she dotnet / community and join us on all your favorite social media platforms Facebook Instagram Twitter. I love Twitter until next time.