All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday andI've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there or what what's your first taste? What is it? What's it feel like it takes different. When you say cookie, I know that yeah, I thought it was something else. It's not me. It's not the other special cookie nut. And so I've got something else which is a little bit different as well. It's a It has been of memory which is a 4.45 wine. It has some espresso in it the shuttle cock espresso maker and then it also has a ticket on interesting mix. I didn't think it did you can do that, but I got to say how does it taste? It tastes like tequila, but mine probably tastes better. Yeah. Well I had that last one was really good now so, you know, give it a try. Anyway, if you are around it calmly house. It is a quite nice. So now I'm now down to the into session for Trina. I've known you for a long time. Yeah, actually, I think you're one of the few people that remembers me as a credit officer. Anything so I went in 2006. I joined City Bank of credit often and at one of my first bro prevent you were there and the the my memories of first menu is almost burned in my mind because it was so funny. So I've got a couple of other peoples that they have and so you might hear a laugh or two, but the story was that Citibank had A function for Brokers to thank you for your business and our head of sales was there and then what I remember distinctly seeing was this short Asian lady I say short but you about my height. I'm pretty short rocking right up to Peter Hayward and time and basically saying City Bankers fucked. In sha Cara. All right II so I paid for it for all his is if it's was a bit of a jam. He didn't he didn't react that game, but you just told it like it is. Yes. So so since then I've always had to be on my best behavior of you. I was because after and I progressed to obviously a BDM and so for me, I did end up looking after your account. Yeah, so I didn't change much so let us know sort of You know what how it's being as a broker fee and interview thing has it changed since before Logistics and now and yeah, well, I think after so many years in a business. I realized that you know, that's going to be not all bands are going to be your favorite to deal with so I am taking the position that I'm going to work with people who who worked more like me, you know, I don't want to be hanging and wedding day after day for a response because I've got people on my back one thing they are very well. Yeah, and they said yeah. Yeah, there was a cut that's right. Yes in those days. We don't have a published SLA. So you remember that that you know publish manipulate it is to tell the broke it that's right. Yeah, so you don't really know what the SLA is until your head. You submit the file and then you find out that hey after four days, you heard nothing and you just couldn't get on to anyone and I thought that's cool. You can't work like this back then it was facts. That's right applications to that's right. Basically, yeah, where's now you can say hey I sent that email at that certain time back. That's right. Thanks so much hype location, but you don't know. Uh do the whole thing came through that's right, and they can always say oh but we didn't receive that. You know, we have makes me feel this because online is actually receiving half and it wasn't I've seen it at that. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. That's right. Yeah, and those daytech was really poor. And so that kind of compounds the the problem. So as the years go on and Technology improve and it makes our lives a lot easier. I'd also remember the time when we had apply online. What was first introduced my God, that was a nightmare in a verse View at least. I'm a cool at least must be a good one. Yeah. It was so hectic. It's a nightmare nothing translates from the apply online. I'm to the lenders platform. Correct me, you know I and then so it translated. Yeah, I got a platform to that's right. Yeah, so it's quite a nightmare. So you see I've been through quite a bit the Brokers now, there's a very fortunate when I get in they've got all these frenzies of we're essentially and carried the tech has increase and Leaps and Bounds. Hmm. But that said, I don't think I've ever remembered any lender going past 15 days. To pick up a file. That's right real deal. Yeah pretty upset so, you know at the time when you were upset with City, yeah that with this is way there's a profology ourselves in 2006. I think we were sitting at five days for a pickup. That's right. And that was bad. That was bad. That was my level. They'll remember sitting because I was insistent a my tell the table Yeah, so but yet now is almost it's almost once a common as a good with that. You know you get is a mess of variance between different - you got Macquarie picking up inside 24 hours. Yes, where's you got other things, you know positive things I pick up time. Yes, it's all I mean when the pickup time is so long, then it's compounded effect that some people some Focus think that putting a file in the line gets their deal with acute, which it doesn't. Yes, that's me in the queue if you had everything. Yes, and then if you missed something then it goes to make a cute. Yes. But that as I don't think yeah, I think these things can be fixed or will be fixed because it was the same back in the day. Hmm. But anyway, so so going forward now your business has changed a bit Yeah Yeah changed a lot because my daughter is running at so they are really fast with technology and I think their opinion is quite different from me because we kind of like can you take a lot of Hot yaka but it's the younger Generations. They are little bit more impatient and impatient what I'm afraid. You're both. I reckon I'm going to get a lot of flame for that saying that but then again, yeah it is it is both. I am 42. So forgive me. Yeah, she 43. It is Vogue. Like I think I work so much harder than Brothers nowadays in my days, but it's always interesting. As that's always a generational thing. I like had it in you you had it so good to me. Yeah, it's true. And you know, you're hopeless basically to the either generation die. Will they will in time so they say that it will be hopeless. But what I'm saying is the Stark difference between younger people and my generation my generation is more accommodating with the with the bias with the borrower's yeah. There is the younger generation is He's like, okay. You don't fit the thing. I'm not talking to you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The color is the policy of not doing it. Yeah. What know there's such thing as like remember I always say if you meet someone the with an opportunity to do business. That's my take. Yeah, whether the business is six months time two years later. There will be business. If you do the right thing by the customer, then that is something that I always you're talking about baby aiming what I want which is basically how you actually build relationships. Yes. Yes not actually doing and I think I've had conversation with you videos recently and And they believe that might be lacking. Yeah, it's real lacking is really lacking now. Yeah, I mean both waste be dmn Brokers and Brokers end customers to you know, like the progress the younger generation. Maybe they are not so Keen to build the relationship. Well, maybe they got two needles into new brakes work out. So that is the 80/20 rule inside anything. Yeah, you know when I was in the reserve bank's it was more the you know, the you look after the other 20% of the focus. We give you all the business and the 80% It's is is a week we would say is is like a better word and could be taken the wrong way better like a waste of time. Hmm. Okay. So Focus was a the same thing about customers. Yeah. Oh no ask you a question. Okay, so How can a baby in do better to get business off paperwork about you? I think the relationship is important to me is still relationship is important. Like if I have a real issue I should be able to pay. You know, I've got this problem. Can you you know, what do you think? You know? Well, I had no scared shitless. If I can't call you or you don't bother to return me my call. Oh my tag, then I don't see the point to work with you because obviously I'm not interested. Yeah, right. Yeah, and I move on is that and because you know, I when I first became a bitty and you know, seven my manager at the time that we have here said good news bad news. No news call them back. Yeah, and I think even to this day that is still the same it hasn't changed. Hmm. So what you are seeing is your calling a vidi-vidi needs to reply to your core. You know, I'm not calling them for fun. No, I'm calling because I have a real issue. I have a real scenario packaging hasn't changed but probably the DD it maybe maybe the institutional is it- business. I do know that some banks have desk-bound values so that come into that I think they have to have a decibel. Which is that what answer the call or answer, you know service request or something because the BDM if they are always on the road, they might not respond to you by the end of the day or tomorrow. Sometimes it can be too late. Yep, you know, yeah, so I think at this wow, yeah, that's what now. Yeah, it feels what in a lot of ways, you know, like even with my Jackie the first things It to look as such if someone has already had that scenario Alice you go somewhere to start with. Yeah, it's really really useful. I think that that that is a format that was missing. That was a missing piece for a long time. Yeah, you know because you had nowhere to turn to it like if you have a scenario that you don't know how to do or you're not sure where you going to bounce off the idea, you know, no one literally no one. Yeah, unless you've got a yeah, so thank you for that. Yeah, I think it's a good thing. We got to do great stuff in there. It's really really good. And it's like kind of a training ground for the younger the new believer. Yeah, but importantly mustn't let people put some stupid lazy question there. Sometimes I see some lazy question I said, hey, you should know that. Well, it's human behavior, isn't it? What's in the future for Katrina? Well, I want to get out of this game. I like the I still like to be involved but not doing the paperwork. I haven't been doing the paperwork for what I want to focus on the new that's the previous text so that the paperwork's in order. It's just that you don't do it. You have Jackie or so. Yeah, I think I'm still the key person to get the customers in the door the marketing and everything like that. It was you call me look for me people will know for 10 years ago, like just the other day. Hey, my son is 24 now. They can take a loan are I did the parent loan. So now I'm doing the children Sloan announce your choice. Yeah. My child is gonna yeah. My daughter is gonna do the loan for that amazing. You're not really existing. Is this your evolving to something else in there and the business itself is evolved so that your child now is taking the place of you. Yes. And you're taking the place of particularly if the BD role to bring that's right, maybe financial planning or breaking financial planning is out. Okay, we won't we won't discuss that. When is your planning is a game not to be touched now, I think it's such a convoluted. I got out that industry last year many what will leave on a high note which is thank you so much for joining. I'm sorry. Alcohol in the middle of the day will be a little bit different. It is a long we came after. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah is what what is it Labor Day? We have a Labor Day on Monday. I didn't even know that it was just mentioning it. Well, that's the thing work with when you are self-employed. It said of any day any day is this a yes thing is public holiday. Yeah as for people who are employed because the public holiday, but either way, thank you so much for for taking time to come out and see me. No, very sample with the biscuit in your experiment. Yeah, and telling sharing your story with us. Hmm. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for having me now. It's bye-bye.