Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I was sick two weeks ago.I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today? We're interviewing Jake my house. My how the turntables what Michael Scott I would love. Okay. Thanks my favorite line from that now recently since I because I watch it in the background is where they're having. I don't know what it was. He's in the bathroom though and they're like, hey, what were you doing in there? He's like just pooping. You know how the that's what they all right. So I'm going to be taking a little bit of back seat or going to let Rebecca ask some questions whatever floats her boat AC is going to chime in every once in a while whenever she feels yeah, she's here for moral support. And yeah, let's jump in. Well we got all right. the year was Was 1980 what is we have liked jazz music playing the band I was nine. Yeah, when I was born, what do you want to know about when Bobby and I mean, I don't remember much really. Wow. You were born in 97-98. Rebecca's eating by the way here. Okay. Yeah. I was born 1989 this morning Gadsden, Alabama. And yeah, I was born there live there for about six years and then my mom remarried and we moved to Huntsville and when we got to Huntsville I lived there for yeah, pretty much the rest of my life till I moved to Birmingham little bit extra. But if I really hope you all are enjoying this jazz music, this is very, yeah, I hope Everything. All right. Awesome. This was one of our topics that we were supposed to fix by the way in our last staff meeting. We're asking what we could do better with excellence and one of them was not have background music and our podcast. So we're failing miserably. Yes. Yes. Great insulator cardboard. Yeah. Yeah, we really need a podcast Studio because you know that we that's what we do. So Jake said he could have new members coming in. here So what wait first of all you have any siblings? Yes. I have three sisters. I have three younger sisters. So I have Kendra who is 24 at Faith who is 22 and then I have Jordan who is 20 years old. Jordan is at Auburn Faith is in grad school at Jacksonville State University and then and lives in Auburn with Jordan and then kyndra is my oldest sister and she has Rare form of down syndrome called wolf harsh lines syndrome. So she is dependent upon my parents for her everyday needs and all that kind of stuff. So she still was so yeah. Well, you're very protective of your sisters like growing up. I am now I was not when I was younger. I was not I was more of a bully. Yeah, you know, you gotta you gotta keep them in check. Yeah. A little brother that's different. No renewable e let me know I would say I was a bully I would say that you know disciplined. I think all I think all older siblings like Kana, there's always a little while. Let's just save me and my sisters have a much closer relationship now than we did them. But there's a big age difference there. So nine years almost ten. I turned 31 this month. So you go to a rager. No, we're not done a rager. Not 431. What's so special about 31 nothing? That's true something. I'm very thankful for yes. Yes, okay. So I did I played just about everything that you could play. I mean I didn't play football until I got into middle school, but I played baseball soccer basketball all that guy. I mean, I played all three of those pretty much year-round when I was growing up as a kid doesn't really like great at any of them. I just enjoyed it friends did it's been a lot of nights ballpark all that kind of stuff. So it's fun. It was good good childhood. Which one was your favorite? Growing up. I had to think pro baseball baseball is my favorite growing up and I played that even in high school like just in not on high school team, but just like with buddies to have fun, you know and all that kind of stuff enjoyed. It was never yeah now I think about it put a lot of different positions in baseball. So yeah, okay, so then you went to Grissom High School, I did good job. Look at that. Yeah, yeah, we owned Coleman and everything. So that was also 10 years after I was there so, you know, I wouldn't have I was young. I was like a c student at Best in high school. So yeah high school was yeah. Okay. So did you play different sports in high school? I So I started playing football in Middle School, like eighth grade, I played eighth grade and then played football all throughout high school. And then I wrestled starting the summer of my going into my freshman year and I wrestled for four years and we had a really good program at the time. We had one either first or second state for like 10 years running and then when my class got there, we broke that Trend. So yeah, it's real good. But anyways, so, yeah, I wrestled played football loved all those. I think they taught me a lot. Lot, especially wrestling it kind of you know, I'm not a hardcore wrestler like some people are who think that their life revolves around it even after they're done but it does teach you how to you know, go out there be fail it's on you, you know, I have anyone else that you can look to so it was it was definitely a good and it was very hard very difficult cutting weight all that kind of stuff. That was tough. So no I could cut weight actually pretty easily like my junior year. I wrestled 152. Yeah. And then got up to 190 for football after that and then cut back down and then cut back down to 171 for my senior year. So it was definitely a rollercoaster probably did a lot of damage to my body took a lot of laxatives water pills stuff like that make weight. Yep. It was fun. So I do physically remember sitting in my bedroom one time thinking can I break my leg so I don't have to go to wrestling practice anymore. Because it was that miserable. Yeah, it was bad. Okay, so then what you do after high school? After High School, I had a couple years of just debauchery from yeah, like 18 to 20 years old. Just yeah, you know living the dream living the dream it consisted of I did a quick semester abroad Community College down in Auburn, which I don't need Southern Union. Is that the name? Yeah. Suddenly. I can't remember where I went. Oh, yeah did that and then came home but not because of anything bad believe you're not really Just didn't I'm a homebody miss being home. So miss things that were comfortable and so just came home and then when I came home, yeah, I was working and going to school to Community College in Huntsville, which is Calhoun and then from there found Fitness around the age of 20 years old and it kind of changed everything and put me on a different trajectory. And here we are. Yep. And here we are we're done. Okay. So when did you start CrossFit or did you do something else first like so I did like not bodybuilding? No, I did really it was looking back. It was CrossFit, but I didn't know it was CrossFit at the time. Like I was really just throwing together a bunch of different things putting them together in a lot of different combinations and trying to do them really hard and fast and then like I would just do weird stuff like I would put Vest and run stairs for like 20 30 minutes of time where I would go to the go to the track or the old football field at like 5 o'clock in the morning and do sprints on the field like stuff like that. That was just different and was working at a PT clinic at the time was like a physical therapist Tech and guy there was like Hey, you ought to check out this thing called cross said, I think you'd really like it. And so I went on CrossFit.com at the time because at the time like this was And nine so there wasn't a lot of media about CrossFit. It's not like it is today. Like you can't go on YouTube and find videos and all that kind of stuff. There wasn't Instagram at all. So there wasn't any of that kind of stuff so you went on there and at the time.com which they still do this they post to work out every day right as free you can just go on there and check the workout and I have a comment section where everyone at the time would just go and post their scores. So like you would go on there you'd see names like Chris spealler. You would see names like Pat bar. You'd see names like Jason khalipa all that kind of stuff, right? They would just post their scores. And so I just started trying to follow the workouts on my own with the equipment that I had and the resources that I had at like the YMCA. So I did that for a little while like two weeks and then after two weeks as I'm hooked like this is it I'm doing it so I joined CrossFit Huntsville at the time as a member like after a couple weeks and then this was right after the 2009. In CrossFit Games, I think and the owner of CrossFit Huntsville had competed at the games in 2009. He was actually like third you can go back and watch a video like the trail run they did the games 2009 where it's like me go say hello and Chris spealler and then Russel Berger. He was third and I remember seeing that me like he owns this affiliate. I need to go like he's good. I need to go here. And so I went there joined and then like a month later went and got my L1 in Atlanta and then when I got back, I was like I emailed him because at the time I was working also part-time as a strength conditioning coach at a local high school. So a private high school Randolph and then emailed him and just said hey, I just got my L1 if you ever need anyone to like cover classes if you go out of town or anything like that, let me know like just you know, I'd be happy to fill in and he was like, he emailed me back like within an hour's like do you want a job and I was like, yes, I want a job. So yeah. Yeah, quit everything from there started working at CrossFit Huntsville. And yeah, that was how I kind of got into it. I was at CrossFit Huntsville for four years all of them. I've managed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I was there for it was three and a half or four years manage for a little while found out very quickly that management at that time of my life was not a strong suit of mine. Yeah, just stuck with coaching really it was a good time. Like we had a lot of really qualified coaches. We had a lot of we were it was the I mean it still is to this day probably it's got to be the most profitable gym in Alabama. I would say by far. So yeah, it's grown for sure. So it's okay. So when did you come to Birmingham? So okay, after three and a half four years at CrossFit Huntsville. I was competing at that time had competed on a team at regionals and 2010 computed as an individual in 2011 and then going into 2012. I had competed as an individual as well still across the Townsville. So then it's 2013. I moved to Dothan and I moved to Dothan to work at CrossFit Embrace so that I could train with Landon brazel the time because at the time me and It both competed against each other original the past two years in a row local competitions. We were good friends. I had taught Olympic lifting seminar down there one time and yeah, I moved there and basically reached out to him was like Hey you give me a job. I'll come down there. Like we'll just go after this thing as hard as we can. Right and he was like, let's do it. So yeah move down there. I was working there loved absolutely loved my time down there to this day was one of the just best seasons of my My Life by far and just a lot of joy and good people and so while I was there I about to know probably like four or five months before the open, I got a partial fracture in my low back just from yeah just too much volume and yeah just really well bad technique as well. So that definitely I would say that was probably like if I look back That was one of the defining moments of my life so far was that happening? Because the Lord really slowed me down in that time. Like I gotten saved a couple years prior to that and the Lord just like really showed me a bunch of Idols in my life. And now I had kind of made something my identity that was never supposed to be my identity and when he did that it really just got something that the Lord used to bring me back to the gospel bringing back to like what my purpose As in life, which is glorifying the Lord and everything that I do and yeah, so once that happened stayed in Dothan for you know few more months after that competing on a team at regionals was able to get healed up and go and do that which is fun. And then yeah decided to move back to Huntsville and take an internship at a church and start pursuing full-time Ministry. And I also met my wife down there during that time as well. So yep and then so When did you go? When did you start Seminary? Where's that falling? Oh, okay. So I was in Huntsville for a year or two Hammer finishing my undergrad at Southeastern Bible college. So I went to South Asia Bible College would commute every week. I went from six to ten on Monday nights. So I would work it I worked at iron tribe in Huntsville internship at a church and was in school. So it was a lot like I remember that being one of the busiest seasons of my life and it was it was too. But drive back and forth to Birmingham on Monday so coach in the morning drive down to Birmingham study for a couple hours. Yeah. Yeah, and then I would go to class from 6 to 10 and then I would drive back to Huntsville and then I would wake up and go work the next morning at the gym. And so did that for a couple of years until realize that like Lauren me and Lauren. I think at the time we got engaged while I was still living in Huntsville. And so we knew we want to get read and she knew that she wanted to stay in Birmingham because she won't go to grad school at UAB. So I was like, okay. Well, then we're gonna get married. I need to start making moves to get myself to Birmingham whole time. And so yeah, I ended up getting a job at iron tribe 280 work there for a couple years move down here and me and Lauren got married. And then while I guess it was probably a semester or a year after we had gotten married got accepted into Beeson. I'd graduated Southeastern Bible College at the time really thought I was To preach and to teach and had been doing that a good bit. And yeah got accepted to be sinful time. Quit working at iron tribe on the floor and instead took a position where I was programming for the brand so I would just write the workouts for for the gyms that are under the iron tribe umbrella and yeah went back and forth with all that and did Seminary full time for about a year and a half two years. Yeah. What made you change your mind? Why did you stop doing that? I quit Seminary because shout out to actually had a professor at the time Gordon bowels. He taught my pastoral counseling class, which was extremely devotional in nature in terms of like it was extremely like you go to Seminary. You're learning Greek. You're learning Hebrew, you're learning church history. You're learning all this stuff and it's so much head knowledge that. Sometimes you forget about The fact that the Lord just wants our heart he doesn't want he doesn't we don't need all this information like it's good stuff. But like the Lord is really after our devotion. And so that class really helped me come out of a big season of just depression and anxiety that I was walking through at the time and yeah, you know had been struggling with anxiety for a long time finally decided to get some help with it and go counseling and go get on medication stuff like that that the Lord just really yeah. I mean he he completely just transformed My Heart during that time and once he did that I really kind of just got back to the heart of understanding that vocation like the things that God has gifted us with like whether you're a doctor whether you're a janitor, whether your food service industry person, you know any of that kind of stuff that that stuff is just as important to the Lord as someone who's in full-time Ministry you got like that's holy work when it's done for the good of your neighbor and For the Love of the Lord and So when that I kind of made that realization that was when it was like I saw some counsel from a lot of people and just told them kind of what I was walking through and that I had a real passion for coaching and I wanted to get back into doing that like getting back with athletes coaching competitive athletes because that's always been a huge passion of mine because I was one for so long and I wanted people to help me the way that I wish someone had helped me when I was going, you know trying to do that stuff. And yeah, so when I came to that realization Should I dropped out of Seminary completely like had done it for a year and a half like had almost more than half of my credits, you know had great grades all that kind of stuff and I should quit and it's turned around and yeah quit working at iron tribe at the same time opened up welded Fitness and then started working on it laminin. Okay. So what? Like just talk about it from your perspective. I know we've talked about it. Yeah. Well, the fitness was really two parts. So at the first I was working on the farm Chiropractic Centre with bow and Sloan beard where I would work there a few days a week and really I work is like a functional rehabilitation specialist where like people who came in with injuries, right? But they weren't serious injuries to wear like they needed surgery or anything like that really what they need to do with strength conditioning. Right? So very similar actually to what like Sean Hiller does Sean's much smarter much more qualified to do it than I am but It was along the same lines, right? So I did that and then at the same time just started doing individual program design for people. So like I basically just said hey like anyone who's wanting to you know, I had built up at that time reputation just for being a coach and was kind of known in the area. And so Landon brazel same guy that I worked for down and embrace he reached out to me was like Hey, I want to go to the games as Masters 3539 division is like and I know that like, you're the only person that I want to do that. Me to help me get there. So it's like great. Let's do it. So started coaching him and then through coaching him the name got up there more sponsored a couple competitions and then people just started signing up to do individual program design with me. And then that just kind of grew and became, you know something that was finally self-sustaining and absolutely loved every minute of it and still do so now I still run welded Fitness. It's just on a much more smaller scale now probably than it was back then. I still have anywhere from like 13 to 15 athletes that I program for individually and that like I coach like I really say that I coach those people and yeah, so it's really just an individual programming design and coaching company, right? We're on the only employee. So yeah, you are. Okay. So then she started working out at Lehman. How long did you work out at Lambton before you started coaching the probably start I probably Limited for like three to six months before I even started coaching and then it was one of those things where because at the time I programmed for one of the owners of the gym and program for Ellie. She was there at the time right? So there's mean people knew me there. I loved working out there all that kind of stuff and yeah, then they reached out to me and were like, hey, you just want to pick up a couple classes here and there like, yeah. Sure. I'll do that. Right and then I found out that Lauren was going to get an internship. Bishop and Birmingham because I get the time she was in grad school at UAB. And I remember that when you all weren't sure where you were going to be. Yeah, we really didn't know because like we could ended up anywhere. It could have been Texas. It could have been North South Carolina Kevin for like could be anywhere and so she got an opportunity to get she landed an internship and a residency residency is not an internship Rishi our residency here in Birmingham, which is where she now works at dhg. and when we found out about that, it was like okay now we can really kind of start figuring out what direction I want to use and when that happened it was like yeah, I'm gonna own a gym so Jim so when that happened yeah reached out to yeah, just kind of basically put some feelers out there to see if anyone was interested in getting out of laminin at the time and someone took me up on that and was able to buy into the laminin and Uh, yeah from that day forward. That was last year. 2019 January 2019. Yeah came on aluminum working full-time just hitting it. Um, okay. So how do you like what do you do to balance your time between like laminate and welded Fitness and like you still do a lot of stuff with like Ministry and how do you yeah, it's actually read this in a book eat the Frog, which you Haven't read it. That's actually a really good book eat the Frog. It's a good like just time management book, right and one of the things he was talking about balance. He was like what I tell people is when does someone walking a tightrope? When are they trying to find balance and they're like the entire time right? And it's the same thing with like me trying to balance my time between all those different things. Like it's a constant juggling act, right? So I've had to get what I've noticed in the past year business is that I have had to get much much better at time management. Like I cannot be like just kind of flighty about how I spend my time because if I am Things fall to the Wayside and I am not Living up to the expectations set by myself. And the ones that I feel like I need to have for my employees. So yeah, like right now I would say 50% of my time is spent being a better business manager and being just a better business. I don't know, you know, just someone who understands business better because that's never been my strong suit or something that I have experience with. So it's been a big learning curve the past year and that's been good. My time, but then I would say the other fifty percent of my time is spent towards trying to be a better Coach and trying to stay on top of that stuff from my athletes trying to learn stay up on just the scientific literature in terms of strength conditioning principles stuff like that and being able to continue to pour back into our staff. The theology stuff is really just something that I integrate into my everyday life. So I just always having time in the word always having time every day where I pray and then just you know, we have a really good church body at Redeemer. And that helps with that small group all that kind of stuff. So yeah. Okay. So what do you feel like is like the biggest thing you've learned about yourself since you bought a gym. How could you oh man. Yeah. No, that's that's a really tough question because there's been so much that I've learned. I think the biggest thing that I've learned has just one bit has been I'm trying to think the best way to word this I've noticed that the Lord actually uses my business to actually sanctify me in ways that I never thought that he would so when you when you become that person like when you step out of being a supportive role like a coach or like a client success manager or whatever it is when you step shout because we have one of those when you step out of those roles and you go into being like the person that's at the top right like the person that like the buck stops with you. Like you're the one that people come to for answers to questions. You're the one that people come to for leadership. You're the one that people come to for the example. If you are not modeling that every day what you want your business to be about it will not be what you want it to be and there's just no way around that so I think it's been really important for me over the past year to make sure that I am having a good balance between working really hard in the gym. But at the same time I have to take care of me like in my relationship with the Lord my relationship with Lauren all of those things because if those things start to Fall Away, there's just a trickle down effect into everything that I do and so that's been the biggest thing I think is that the Lord has just used the business, too. Draw Me Closer to himself to rely on him more for the things that I need and to look away from from me more and instead look to him and that's still a daily battle, but it is something that I think he's done a lot of work in me on and then the other thing that I've learned is just that running a business is very hard. You know, there's no doubt about it. Like I think that we probably for the most part if you're not really close with me. You don't know like everything that's going on with the business, you know, like obviously our staff knows because I'm close with all of you guys, but like our members probably don't They think that everything's just always hopefully they think everything's smooth all the time. Right? Like that's what I want them to think but the truth is that there's been very many sleepless nights and just worries and anxiety and just you know things that come with just the territory of doing this that really really really show you what you're trusting in and what your foundation is. And so yeah, it's just been really hard. And like, you know someone we're going to tell me they like hey, I'm thinking about opening up a gym. I would just say don't do it. You know, like I would I would feel like don't do it and if they come back to me month later and like I still want to be like, okay, if you have found every reason not to do it and you still want to do it then do it, but that's the only way that it's going to work. So yeah. It's a bagpipes. Well, 8:30 class is working out to bagpipes. Yes. Okay. What is your favorite thing about Laman? That's a great question. You can say the coaches. Yeah, I could I guess no that's actually to be honest with you. One of the biggest joys for me is our staff. I look forward to every week. Our staff meetings because we have people that come into the room and it's instant and just good energy. I'm not that kind of person who talks all the facts. Yeah, I really do because I think we're all on the same page about things. We all have same belief systems and are like-minded in a lot of different things. And so when we come together, there's just always good stuff that comes out of that. And so I really enjoy that I've enjoyed being able to pour into our coaches, which I need to do even more of but Yeah, that's huge. And then also just I mean, yeah the people you know, like it's just it's it's just it's just so refreshing. Yeah to like like there are days where it's like I need to go home and like I need to get away for a little while, but I don't want to leave because so many people are here that I like just want to interact with and I want to talk with and I want to be around like missing out. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I'm like, oh man, there's going to be you know these people They're seen in I want to see them or talk to them. I want to hang out with them and like all that stuff always happens. And so it's just one of those things where yeah, it's an infectious environment for sure. So I'll just like to give a quick shout-out to make playing an author who gave him to his very first staff meeting as well. Yes, we've been having weekly staff meetings for a year now Nick showed up to one main made it was good. It was a good staff meeting a see. What do you got? See, what's your favorite move in Cross Fit movement favorite CrossFit movement right now. I don't have many because I'm bad at all of them. I like ring muscle ups for sure. But then also probably just a snatch. Yeah, I really enjoy is not just so yeah, that's cool. When the shoulders feeling good backs feeling good and these are feeling good. It's good day. Yeah. Well though when those things are off, it's it's not so good, but Tell us your favorite like one of your favorite memories from when you competed. That's a good one. Oh, that's tough. Everything. Okay. All right. So the last year I went as an individual regionals. It was I was in like the first heat to go as men because that year they had the six minutes seven minutes are map of burpees like in the open right and that work out almost stopped me from qualifying for regionals. I just was not ready for that at the time my training like I was in a much different. Is I had a coach of the time and just I think the sport progressed so fast that you didn't realize how good everyone was going to be so quickly like that was at the time where it was really starting to get really competitive. And so we kind of thought well, you know, not that I would qualify for regionals like just easily but that's a but that knows but just that it wouldn't be that big of a deal. So the first week of the open is seven and Mr. Burpees and I've been doing six months. Shrink stuff like it hit in the most strength numbers I've ever hit in my life like so that almost knocked me out. So and I qualified I was like at the low end of the pack for qualifying. So I was in the first heat and the workout was and we were the first weekend of regionals to go that year, right? So it was a workout that was for time a 2000 meter row. 50 pistols, I think and then 20 or 30. Hang power cleans at 225 155. Okay. Yeah, and I remember being the first Heat going and I was the first person to make it to the bar and I remember looking over to the side and Dave Castro was there and he was like cheering all of us on because he was there seeing the workouts being played out live for the first time that year and I remember doing the hand cleans and I remember him telling me to like pick the bar back up. So Remember that that was that was pretty neat. I don't know why but that one memory sticks out. No, I did not because I got I was top 15 or top 10 in that workout. I think I was second or third in my heat. Yeah, the Hang power cleans when I got there. They were rough. I didn't expect them to be that bad. So yeah, I just want you to know, you know, how you said earlier that you went. Christ because Landon was a competitive athlete. Yeah, people feel that way about you. Oh, well, it's a it was a long time ago. So now I just get waxed every day by all you all you Young Bucks when Rebecca works out should beat me when she doesn't work out and there's No comment. Yeah, so that was it rapid fire questions that don't have okay, like you know, that's a very good question favorite book. You can't say that right? Yeah the book. Our favorite book y'all. That's really really really hard. Let me do category. Okay. All right, so, all right. So my favorite fiction book is doomed. All right, if y'all have never read Dune, yeah, it's doing D une doing they're making a video of it a remake of it because I made a video a long time ago. It's a really old book by Frank Herbert. movie video They're making a movie that's supposed to come out. I don't know you're so doing is Awesome by Frank Herbert. Yeah, it's a really really really good one outside of that. I would say best book for like fiction for me is probably religious affections by Jonathan Edwards. So Jonathan Edwards was a Puritan back in the Seventeen sixteen Seventeen hundreds and Religious affections is yeah. He's by far people say that like Scholars whether they're Christian or not Christian. They say he's the greatest mind that America has ever produced and so you go back and read some of his stuff on religious affections and like what it truly means for God to have our affections that book has that book like when I first read it and I've read it twice. Yeah great great stuff. Yeah. He was your favorite book. Oh, geez. Fiction book. Let's see. Well, of course. I like to Harry Potter's growing up and then I really liked the Chronicles of Narnia growing up to I liked those. I tried to read the Chronicles and morning. I could not get in. Yeah my stage of life just because I do will you yeah, right? Favorite nonfiction both I guess what about you, Rebecca? The Great Gatsby That's right. You told me that yeah, I like to the books. We did in API took like we do like a peel it or something like that. I've read it was laying or live but we read like 1984 and stuff like that. Oh George Orwell. Yeah. That's a good one. Yeah. Yeah. What's your favorite activity? What's your Physical activity that's not CrossFit that you still do today, but I still do today. I don't really have any because all I do is worked out for like three hours and then die if I had to pick one that I don't do right now that I would really like to get back into some time would be either doing something like Brazilian jiu-jitsu or doing like just I wish we had like an adult like wrestling club or something like that. I would love to roll around a couple days a week. That would be a lot of fun. Yeah, so but I don't I haven't done that in a long time. So yeah, she make it happen. Yeah. Christian talks about Jiu-Jitsu all the time. So you should but does he do Brasil? Okay, right. Yeah, there's a bunch of places around here you go. No, like wrestling is one of the like you got to thank you have the way wrestling matches works. You have two minutes on a minute off right two minutes on a minute off two minutes on right and it's all out like your there's like it was brutal. Yeah, so it's for conditioning purposes. It's actually really good. like I don't know what it's been like they'll past year. I don't know why I've just gotten really into watching like boxing and MMA. Did you watch the Tyson Fury? Yes, Deontay Wilder. You did crazy. You watched it. Did you? Where did you go? Where did you watch that? Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah, like UFC and stuff like that. Oh, yeah. That's legit. It's a good idea. Yeah good. What's your favorite music? Genre? I mean if I'm first off I don't really listen to music much anymore. I listen to podcasts like in the car and all that kind of stuff. But if I like country, yeah, I've grown up just always enjoying country God y'all. Are you hitting me hard right now? I don't these are like tough questions again again. I had known of ham I have to go categories, okay. Favorite like childhood film right is The Sandlot like hands down. You're killing me Smalls. Okay, you're killing me. You've never seen what? Oh my gosh. All right. So the Sandlot is definitely favorite childhood movie. I would say favorite like action movie would be something like Gladiator like that's just it's a hard-hitting one. It's good right favorite drama. Or Like A Few Good Men. That's like one of my all-time favorite movies with Tom Cruise Jack Nicholson. You can't handle the truth. Oh, it's so good. It's so good. It's so good. Yeah, and then Vision Quest which no one will ever know what Vision Quest is because you probably never watched it, but it is actually an old movie of rest. It's a wrestling movie and it's really good too. Yeah. So, thank you. Feel free to what is your favorite movie? Yeah. if you're not going to do genres if you want to animated favorite Disney movie animated Okay, because Disney's made like Miracle, which is a great movie. You haven't seen Miracle. It's about the u.s. Hockey team that won Gold important things to know about our country. No, okay favorite animated movie. I don't watch a lot of animated movies shocker. No I did when I was a kid, but I mean the one that comes to Mine is Lion King, but I don't really like I mean, yeah, that's why I'm saying it's kind of like, you know. What is yours? Sure, that's for sure. Really? Oh, that's right. That's how can I forget Remember the Titans Remember the Titans I know but it's a Disney movie and it's a great movie. So yeah, you never seem Remember the Titans. Yes. We need to start making a list of things from yeah, Rebecca. Yeah. We need to do a monthly movie night at the gym. Wouldn't that we have a projector screen and a projector. Yeah, we needed to be definitely to do in for the release of the new documentary the fittest documentary we need to do as a viewing party. Use my favorite Inception. That's the best one. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Is that all we got? I can't have ice cream anymore. I've developed some lactose intolerance let's just say a few weeks ago it was Monday so the weekend I had some ice cream with me and Rebecca were working out we're doing some intervals and I had to stop and it was every time my stomach hit the bar and bar muscle-ups it was just like this might be the one this might be the one so it was bad we can we can end on that one I think all right so well folks at the gym or we got coming up I got March Madness you guys make sure you sign up and then we have cheat night this Friday March 6th at 6:45 p.m. and yeah if you guys like the podcast Rate it five star review it do whatever you need to do. Death Wish Coffee Company. Yep, we're looking for. Yeah, we're looking to make some moves. So, you know, all right AC. Thank you for joining us. Rebecca thank you as always the coach of lamb and all right guys will hopefully be back next week with a member Spotlight or some professional in Birmingham that we want to interview and sit down and talk with so y'all. Take care.