With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit. You to roll? Yeah. Yeah, but but they settled in okay, it was about 40 degrees yesterday. And you heard me on the last podcast talking about my Insanity of burning a single track into my driveway, which I accomplished. I'm surprised you went out there with a hair dryer heat gun. Like I was the track of the driveway melting everything because last year labeling the last faster / it was almost April for I was in the car. Oh my God, so I thought I buy it because it's been warm enough in the roads been dry enough, but my driveway is the problem. Yeah, so I had errands to run yesterday and I got the Lotus started and I took it and it was here's the thing. I didn't really know how I was going to feel about it having not been in it for four months and having driven the Phaeton. Sure. Sure. Yeah, and you know what? Okay, hang on. I was a child after driving this car I of the for the next like two hours after I drove it for like 20 minutes. I was just walking around just happy just it's awesome Kitty that's almost ridiculous is and kind of surprising. The Phaeton is crazy comfortable. Yeah, just yeah, it's big heavy fat and comfort. You know, it's got great seat heaters seat massagers. You got a bunch of room. You're sure hounding on your, you know mobile couch. So and so the Lotus obviously the other end of the spectrum sacrifice mmm, but I remember how to get in which is novel because there is a procedure and I do have the flip shift shirt was you asking I have the Lotus position a shirt. I bought it. It's awesome. But so I get in there and once I start driving and I like actually driving and I realized this this is actually perfect to sit in. I don't know how they've done it to jump in it after not being in it regularly. Yeah and having been in big pushing Madness. That is the Phaeton. Mmm. You can tell how thin the seat is in the Lotus Hotel House of Crossing. There is everywhere around you and yet they've nailed it sure. It's perfectly ergonomically awesome. And I was a giddy little child everywhere. I went yesterday and I did have a few people who snapped their necks like wait. What is that doing out here? It was awesome and I was reminded by Small it was when I sat behind a Honda CRV at the light. Mmm looking at their bumper as guess. I looking up at their exhaust. Yeah, the Honda CRV is not a big truck. Yeah. No, that's great. I mean my drive Bays been clear. So I've been able to get the came in at once in a while. So I've been I've been a little bit more fed, I guess sooner than you and so I've just I took it for a drive on Saturday and was just loving it again. And so but that's because I think it's been a bit of a mild winter compared to the snow we had last year. So the roads have been cleared but you're right the driveway I mean Todd Out there, like my stupid stuff is ask guns and heating pads and everything right about right about mid-February it ices over and then I'm dealing with doesn't snow blower be damned. I'm dealing with ice and at one point seriously. I have sections on my drive with more than you ever wanted to hear but like eight inches thick ice. Yeah, just yeah well melt and then it freezes over night. Yeah melts a little bit more in freezes again, and we get a huge side side wind all evening and it blows everything over. It's awesome. There was coming actually on one of the next fate and pieces in fact of the next fate in. Peace. You will see my hmm frustrated attempt to use the Phaeton midwinter as just a snowplow. Oh yelling ice burying it deeply into my driveway, which is very fun. Thank God. I got the Lotus out now. So the driveway is getting better. Good good. I'm glad you're listening to the podcast here the driveway update and we'll see you guys tonight. Yeah. Well speaking of spectrum of sacrifice. We've got a question from Anthony be in Denver Colorado who apparently we've turned into an everyday driver catchphrase billboard, which I'm glad about. That's frightening. I'm glad your proclivity. Could align with ours, I think well, he's writing specifically about wanting that because he's got a high turnover in his car ownership for the last at least 25 years. He's been through a lot of cars which you will hear and this is very much he wants to cars both at the ends. So we've got to shop for you know, something big and heavy for the dogs and something just raw screamingly lightweight and very sacrificial. Yes at the other end. So we've also got a debate from Dennis F who is a Honda guy. He's a Honda Person through and through I noticed that yeah, he says, you know, I need something for my wife first, but then what do I get? He's torn between two different Honda's which will go into but before we do that, we've got to get into some Geneva reveals. We've got to talk about those and by the way, Saturday is a repeat of the return. So the Supra game an S&M to competition that is tomorrow and that is like I said a repeat from airing earlier in the season. It was the I believe the first episode it was these actual prior episode of season 6 that will be is available at The is is repeat and on Vimeo and also it is again repeating this weekend early in the morning on Saturday morning. By the way. That is tomorrow morning. Happy Friday. Yeah, so you'll see that super piece and I think I always feel bad when I say this, but I'm pretty sure by the time you hear this or maybe a couple days later. All seven episodes will be available on Amazon Prime, I sure hope so. I'm glad they're finally coming through for us. So yes watch said that and well we've got to get into Geneva here because the 911 Turbo S was revealed. I'm studying it. And I'm just happy I'm just happy that it exists 650 horsepower. You said you'd kind of called it. But yeah what 650? Yeah, I mean there's cars with more but well, it means it's now like a hundred down from the GT2 RS. I yeah, and it's going to be I just I just like it I just like it. Well, I do Porsche has shown with the turbo in the past. I mean their cars and are about the turbo in the past. A 911 has a hundred to 200 horsepower less than its competition. It's every bit as fast as this competition. Well, that's just it launches harder and quicker and it's faster a 600-horsepower 911 is going to feel like a 7 to 800 horsepower. Whatever else me now. It's at the numbers that people have tuned their older 911 Jeremiah to get up to and let you know they think okay. Now it's fast this thing is gonna be unbelievable which are the meanest excited about it's funny because I part of me thought honestly thought we were going to reach a okay. We're done we're going to go. Another way with the horsepower Wars, but honestly, I think that the electric car reality is perpetuated in what sense you mean because of the the electric horsepower numbers are getting so bonkers the combination of the crazy numbers that electric cars are accomplished combined with the instant roller coaster launch feel that is now available to tons of people and shiftless feel you both back to Lurch in a feel and an upshift and that's not there totally. The people that have never at I think this is honestly I think this is most of us. Hmm, there's there. I think the vast majority of people that drive have never been in a car that could do 0 to 60 in four seconds or less. Okay, and actually felt that I mean he'll until Tesla's start showing up in your neighborhood. Yeah, and because they are so Unity by everywhere and everybody suffers about the Tesla right there. Now there is a general populace that is just aware of that kind of acceleration. And that is I think I do. I think it's a given a shot in the arm and perpetuated the crazy horse power Wars from Whatwhat are we honestly what are we doing with a 650 horsepower? 911 that is just for sale. I don't mean like tuned is a different thing. It's just for sale lusting after want to get desperately because that's why cars cell and its numbers its performance. That's why it's the its motion marketing moshus of it's not even marketing its emotion about the numbers marketing is one thing because marketing talks up average cars and you think well the marketing seems to be way better than the All car but then there's cars with huge crazy numbers and that is why we're selling electric cars based solely on StraightLine performance. All the YouTube videos were all comparing to 60s muscle cars. And that's why electric cars are selling well emotion as it is it's emotion because as humans we are all kind of at everybody's different like my wife is on the extreme end, but we're all list makers. We're all making a categorized list in our head always about everything that's bigger than this. This is smaller than that that cost more than this and so that big number Something we're all benchmarking always. Yeah, this is why look I was this kid. This is why if you are 14 and you are dreaming about driving a car with a zero to 60 of 3.6 is significantly better than a car with the 0 to 60 of 3.8 just that it's just better. Yeah, it's better. It's better. Hey sis continuing. Yeah, and I'm talking from the position of loving horsepower. I do I love power. I also do love the power to weight. So it's not I don't have to have 600 horsepower. But if I've got like in my Cayman Hundred 350 in a three thousand pound car still pretty quick. I'm happy about that. Did you see that email a couple of weeks ago? We did it. We did a car debate here for a guy in Florida looking for a 500 plus horsepower and Karan. Yeah, he wrote back in response to what we had recommended and he laughed because he described me and I as I quote as the the guy that doesn't like horsepower and then he laughed about the fact that I said just get a Hellcat. So yeah, I am the guy that doesn't like horsepower and you were the guy that wants it which is one of the reasons that this works well. I don't think that's really true. I do think you love power, especially on track. I do think you love it. I was at the Lotus yesterday going this is perfect at this is tidy. Yeah. So the turbo is out. There's also the Alpine A110 Legend GT which now has warm Amber leather coating the inside surfaces and the safety belts. Finally. I know I don't know what they've been waiting for. So that car is definitely on our list to drive it sort of like the French build a game and that's what I'm all about driving. That car I cannot wait. Yeah, I think it's the middle car between a Cayman and a Lotus Elise. You think it might be the car that blends the two of you think it's the pollen dust those two carbon Adriana. Maybe it's not as powerful as came and it's a step down its lighter, but it's more of a substantial car than Analyse and I think it's right in between. I think we both wanted the Alfa 4C to be that and it didn't quite get there. I agree with that variously. We are longer story here, but we are trying to get the Alpine A110 in an episode of TV or working. It will see where it goes that's on the list. There's a lot you realize honestly, you're not talk. That's recently. We are not only planning season seven. We already have talked about two episodes will be in season 8. It's just what we gotta dammit. It's all happened. It's really cool. All right, what else Aston Martin V12 Speedster, which is just luscious looking. I mean, I don't know that I ever needed or wanted but I just I love looking at cars that we need to look at cars on a daily basis. I don't know about you guys, but I need to just look at cars all the time daily basis. It's at a dealership in a magazine online. I don't care. Are any wasn't over there at cars here step into my garage or just look at this is cooled or garage right now is the tools for the job. It's not bad. It's not somebody crazy. I'm thankful for that. Alright, so the crazy for seat 3-cylinder Koenigsegg Jumeirah Gamera Gamera. I don't know. Yeah. Wow, so Sasha sleeping of had a hand in developing this he's the designer that designed the Bugatti Chiron also spent some time at Genesis but has since joined Koenigsegg and on his Instagram is very proud of this new project. I'm astounded by its majority. I love Koenigsegg for just dropping something else that nobody expected and they're suddenly into four seats and we thought well, you can't do that because you're a fast sports car. Well for C. Let's go for C. And this is their first car they're doing with whatever their valveless technology. Is that the Christian working on forever and had his own Volvo. And so all of that is actually on on sale if you will in this car not like you're going to run down to your local dealer and get a but you know what I mean? There it is on a road car while being a four-seat rocket ship Chip with a price tag that there are they eight figures yet. I mean its just oh man their stuff is so crazy expensive. It's awesome. It's incredibly cool. But wow. Alright McLaren 765 long tail 755 horsepower not there better get better. But the McLaren 720 is already good and now there's the long tail flavor of its exactly okay, and then this car that I actually saw when I visited icon 4x4. All right in 2016. You cannot leave. 2016 or 17? I can't remember. So I was there with with another group and came across their 1949 Mercury Coupe electric their stuffing a Tesla battery and power train into this thing as you know, icon 4x4 builds these derelicts their old looking cars, but they got modern underpinnings modern everything and the details are very finely crafted. You think that's just a dull looking piece of chrome would in fact, it's nipple waiting or you know that just Looks like old leather. No, that's ostrich skin. Everything's done at a crazy crazy high level in a car that looks like you pulled it out of a barn and you were lucky to get it started this morning. Well, which is you know, I think kind of cool. I kind of dig it. See I don't get it you would like the you and I separated. I have some just like really but okay, I like this because I saw it then and I thought oh this is going to be cool. They have milled Billet blocks into a V8 shape that are the powertrain monitoring systems and Not necessarily batteries, but they put that up front. So when you pop the hood you think well, that's a cool looking VA. No, it's not that's not an engine interesting. That's just electric component Justin. Yeah, they moved into aluminum polished blocks to make it look like that. And so they've hidden this eighty five kilowatt Tesla battery in the car and the powertrain as well and it gives you a hundred fifty to two hundred miles of range which is fine for big heavy car. But what I love is it resurrects old cars and they're not necessarily it's not really a restomod. Although I guess it kind of is but it's heavy batteries in a car. That was Heavy then and it looks heavy and it's surprising and it is a Rex resurrects old cars in a way that you never thought possible. That's what I love about. It keeps the old stuff going. I think it's going to be more. I think it's going to be more common that we're going to see I don't think Commons the wrong word. I think we're going to consistently see that happening to old cars people figure out how to take new Drive trains and I think electric is a prime idea and resurrect these gorgeous. Shapes and not have to worry about where do I get a part for that engine from 60? Forget it Rose. It doesn't I don't even care. It doesn't even matter anymore. I think that's going to become even more reality and just cool Silent Running. My brother-in-law had a 1950 Mercury. So I think he's going to be totally all about this but he's busy with sobs currently. So anyway, we've got to jump into the debate here. Yes as he with Subs. That's excellent. I like this. Yep. Cars are absolutely made to be driven and we can't imagine a future without driving the cars. We love the folks at Haggerty feel the same way. And that's why they support our show one of the many things Haggerty offers for people who love cars is insurance for enthusiasts Vehicles. This includes classic cars and trucks and motorcycles, but it also includes newer Collectibles and boats. They also protect vehicles that go on track that can be an actual race vehicle on and off the track or your personal vehicle on track for a high-performance driving day. Or attract a in fact we use Haggerty track-day Insurance. Every time we drive the Caiman or Lotus or any of our own cars on our local track. It has a huge piece of mind. You can learn more about Haggerty and quote insurance at Haggerty.com every day. Anthony be is in Denver and he says I got a car debate for you with hopes of purchasing both cars while we're still in the winter months here in Denver for potential offseason savings. You know, the joke Anthony. Did you buy the car then you didn't save money true. That's the old Joe. But but at the same time if you live in a winter climate like we do or if you just don't you want to shop in a winter climate by a convertible in like February? Well, yeah, you'll get a deal that person needs to sell that corn. I need to sell that car. Yeah, right. He currently has a Lexus lx570. For everyday use but he's realizing it's too precious to do the things he needs it to hauling around too soon to be three hundred and twenty pound plus pound dogs and sitting in parking lots Like Home Depot. He has a hard time keeping cars for more than a year or two. Even when he says he will so we either need something really special that we're keeping cat food captivated or something that he won't take a bath on if he sells it in a year or two, but he tends to do better when keeping them when he has two cars. So that's where he's headed. Added his ICU cars and at the end of the spectrums of sacrifice, like both had a good. Yeah something big and heavy for the Home Depot runs the dogs the family all that kind of stuff, but I just want to say if you've got a Lexus lx570 and that's too precious. Can you coat the inside and covercraft car cover stuff the seat covers and the cargo it covers. Yeah and just not worry about it anymore. Could you yeah, but at least he could hear just as you thought I have to go there on level 1 he could because some of that stuff is borderline bulletproof and it would be awesome. Four dogs the problem with Anthony though is he just needs to move on he just moves on so much that he's realized he honestly I feel like he has positioned himself that the fact that it's too precious. Is that moving excuse for why I must move on the truth is he just wants to move on I guess so so but but the funny thing here is he's actually saying I've owned and he sent us a Carlos that honestly is maybe too long to even cover because it if you can think of a car Anthony's probably owned it. I pulled the highlights out. So we'll touch on some highlights insane. Yeah, but but he's talking about the fact that he's on Plenty of SUVs when he looks at this he realizes what I really need is tons of cargo space, right and the ability for dogs to be in it and it not damage anything and I don't care and so he's going should I just buy an old beater minivan? Well, he says do you think as a 40 year old executive? No kids we can make minivans cool again. No, he says I think it would do the job. You just need well. Yeah, but then you're still in a minivan. So I like your idea about a Ford Expedition EL. It's essentially the car that I've got the SUV that I've got and it's huge and lumbering and gobs of space. It's endless cavernous space in the back. And again anything you do by just cover with all those cargo liner from covercraft right? Then you won't worry about it. It doesn't matter you do it with a guy in Idaho with the Expedition. I've put the Cayenne one back at the Phaeton. It's amazing how well it did the dogs can hang out in the back seat of plus there now luxury. I've now shown Offering the dog. Yeah, so freeing the dogs put in the back of fate and it's absurd but you're right you could do all of that but just saying but here's the thing the van isn't a bad idea here. No, we can find one for you but act vanning. Yeah. Well, no, hang on hashtag ban life Lookout is a hole is a hole you want to talk about being he's in the middle of nowhere. Oh, wow, hashtag bad life. Yeah. Anyway, yeah, so that's going on but but you could do this and because the other thing about it is I wonder if you buy Minivan here. I am selling a minivan to this person. But if you buy like to hear this and you don't spend much money on it, but as a result, it just has that job. I think you're going to avoid any preciousness because you're going to think I have a minivan. Yeah, and so it because it what he's really needing is huge amounts of cargo space talk about a hundred cubic feet plus of cargo space be really wants that then I think it behooves you to buy the thing that is just you two. ility Because then K the dogs are muddy, it's fine like something you can hose out after you're done. Well Atlanta of whether whether it's got that or not. You just you're not you're not concerned about it. Yeah, and so I can see because he isn't as he admits. He's not a minivan guy a part of me goes perfect because I'll give you I'll give you a Counterpoint. I am not a big sedan guy. Mmm and yet every time I drive the fate and I got let me tell you five things that are great about this right here. Yeah, but is anybody a minivan guy or minivan person? Like I'm into minivan well, but see but I think I think there are plenty of families that are not car people that will tell you all the things that are great about their Minivan and and their right and are absolutely right you and I the way we've used them on shoots where you practically open up the side door and Chuck the Pelican case from five feet away. I mean, this is what they're going for. So I actually am wondering since Anthony is a car guy. He's never owned one. He needs something that is just utility Part of Me Goes by it. You won't be precious at all. The dogs will love you and the Home Depot runs can get even bigger and oops the 2x4 went through that side window. I'll get it fixed eventually, you know what? I mean? Duct tape and some plastic sheeting. We're good the that has that has carried many cars from any I don't recommend this but there's a whole fenders made of that stuff. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Well, I'm not all the way there in the minivan thing because I still want you to like driving whatever that is. And even if it's a giant SUV, I still think it's going to be better than a minivan personally. I see. Hey, the the AI Justin's going to be rear-wheel drive. It has it has decent ride to it. Yours has a great ride to it. It does I do an upgraded to bills teens on it and it's actually even tighter with the summer wheels and tires on it. It's spry as the wrong word. It's the wrong word. But but it it's a little bit lighter on its feet. Maybe it's that it's the largest linebacker. I'm going to sports reference is the largest linebacker on the line that everybody goes he moves really well for a big guy. It's that car. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah it is. All right, so on Other end of the spectrum he wants something convertible preferably manual transmission. He's got six foot to 225 broad shoulders. He doesn't fit well in the small stuff and I hear you on that but as you've seen between Todd and I I'm all legs. He's all torso. So that is in my opinion more important because of the length where your seating position is and your torso because that definitely affects your head space your head room in the car rather than your width necessarily I think with is a little bit easier to deal with and a lot of seats rather than the The the spine height torso right. Now. If your head is touching you're just you're just unhappy. That's true. Yeah, so he says doesn't fit well in the small stuff the Miata like Scoops, even the Focus RS all made him claustrophobic. Okay fair enough, he would drive it daily as much as possible. So it can't be full Lotus crazy. That's the shirt. I blowed his crazy full Lotus crazy. He'd love to carve canyons and maybe track at once in a while. And he says I'm not in a midlife crisis no matter what his fiancee says, so he doesn't know about considering the vet. There's been a conversation. Do you hear the conversation behind? It's I'm not no matter what my fiance says. I am not having a bit life crisis. You're in an almost crisis. Like the rest of you are you're in a just yeah cars forever. Yep. He says I've tried to explain to her. This is a disease of had for 25 years has she has she seen this car list. This is not a new problem. I'm guessing she's experienced some of them to high fiance. By the way. If you haven't seen it yet have him show you his car list of these are the cars. I've owned. Hmm because II probably bet you it's probably dwarfed in just sheer number forget variety probably do warped anyone. She's known probably probably haven't you have a card disease my friend and and we're not here to cure it. We're just here to encourage you to go. Yep. That's a bad case. There it is. For sure. Alright, well here is the Crux of the debate and that is assuming he pays cash for the van and of the spectrum does he spend 30 to $35,000 Max? He's looking at me with a car loan on something like a 981 Boxster S or an early 997 Cabriolet or something else or does he spend 15 grand or less with no car loan and get something old. Our higher mileage that he can just drive. It's already taken the residual hit. He says he mentions a Honda S2000 which he seems to fit in. Yeah or something more GT like like a Mercedes SL Ali-A 5S V something like that. He's had a Boxster 986 not a fan of The Styling on the nine eight seven so we can take those off and he doesn't like Camaros or Mustang. So those are off to or does he go back to his roots and find a nice z32 300ZX again Anthony's all those owned three Three 1990s by the way, three in this giant crab 1990s a black one a red one and a yellow one. And the thing is up into 96 1996 but the 91 to 95 they were steadily being refined. The 90s are kind of the I'm wrong. I had one the I-90 of the Oddball wears like you need this part unless you have a 90 and now you need this part. So I think it's actually the Reason Not only own three, but he's owned three 1990s of that car. I have to say it again. I think I love it. I would like to have another one if I have you know some massive garage. Let's hope so. I have some massive garage with a bunch of cars in a like a 300ZX to be in there, but I still think you should move on. I think we should not get another one of those some other highlights on the list are in 87 Supra. He's had a Lexus SC 430 Sadie's SLK. He said an LS 400 the accurate EXs wagon, and he's also had Porsche cayennes Jeep Wranglers for excursions for a bigger than the Expedition and he's also had multiple Porsches 911 2009-11 to 911 yeah, honestly, it's all on this list. I'll be the range is incredible and there's a lot of stuff on here that enthusiasts will just dig into and just by I'll give an example Toyota Land Cruiser. There's people that just by Land Cruisers, they bought nothing but a Land Cruiser ever. He's had them. Yeah, you know what? I mean? He's covered all kinds of Audi Allroad. Yep. It's in here to I mean it's over and over again and a lot of things he keeps cycling back to as well. Like there's more than one Land Cruiser on here. Hmm and so it's interesting. I love that you keep changing cars as much. I wish we could all do this this fast. No kid had the problem. We have to try to solve it for a little bit. Well that leads me to this serious conversation. We need to have Anthony about leasing versus your high turnover buying because that cost just as much in terms of tax title and registration. If you do the high turnover buying thing plus you're losing money every time you know, how there's some amount down for leasing. We've got to have 3,000 down plus. Yeah, however much mantor 5,000 down sure that's almost as much as you're already paying each time you do the tax title and registration interest. I know. You still have to do that with the least car too? Yeah, but I'm wondering is leasing for you because you do rocket through cars. It's a serious question and could it be? Yeah, the monthly of you're throwing down for 35 cash. I wonder if the payment the down payment the payment would be doing per month. You actually might be able to something that's a little bit higher. I like where you're going. I do. Well, I'm just wondering will this turn over disease continued or can you begin to live with a car longer than three to five years you're living with them for two or so I'm asking three two. I've at stretching Anthony. But yeah, but if we're going for full spectrum of sacrifice, I like where you're going. The van is fine. The Expedition is fine. How about let's push it further on that Spectrum more sacrificial to like a Defender 90 or Defender 110 or an old Toyota fj40 problem is it's not nearly enough space for what he wants and I think he'd wind up feeling a bit precious about it. That's the issue dogs in the back and the lumber in the back and I think he's gonna be like do I want to do this with this? Car, okay. Alright. So because I like it I like it and it would be a very new experience for him. But I think the preciousness factor would creep in then how about a Tahoe or an Expedition or just something like that with plenty of space and you can beat on it. You won't worry about it and it'll run it'll be cheap to fix it. Let's just do that. Just go back on Suburbans until you hit the exact spectrum of the amount you want to spend and your budget versus the year just try to find it because if you're going to look at Expeditions, you should look at the at the big suburban and they've made them forever. Like a travel all from the sixties, it's craziness. Yeah something but I want to focus on the other end of the spectrum and I love that you like the nine eight ones you've considered those and I highly recommend the nine eight one just base came in if you can get into that. I think you'd love it, but I don't think it's sacrificial enough for what you're looking for because of your list. It's not like you're just starting out trying cars. You've had a number of cars big-time sick. So many more than many people. So, how about I think I do have your car but I'm going to get there first. Okay, some of them are kind of half joking like a factory five eight one eight. I have some fun ones to break up for Anthony to yeah. How about a flying Miata are a monster Miata? Sure. Yeah, and that's extreme. What a Morgan three-wheeler. That's just different and extreme. He's going to fit in the Morgan 3 Wheeler because 3/4 of your body is out of the car. Yeah. I mean, I'm half Siri I see where you are yet. Okay, get more serious. How about a 427 Cobra replica? You want raw you want horsepower you want? Yeah, no sound deadening and the pipes are next to your ears. How about a cobra replica honest sure sure sure fast it'll take your head off. I don't care what year what replica doesn't matter who builds it get one for 35 Holy Moly. Okay, but then we need to start going towards the Lotus Esprit use of the world. Could you get one for sure? Could you get a noble 400 something for that kind of money? Okay different. Sacrificial. Hey the first generation Viper RT 10 is sacrificial. Yeah. I mean when your windows have zippers on them, you know your kind of sacrificing a few things Viper Wrangler. What do they have in common but the car I think you should consider the most to my not Chagrin wrong word. But to my I guess it kind of depends on what you want to do and how you like it the Alfa 4C. You need to go drive it if you're just tracking it once in awhile fine, if Doing track Duty with it. I would suggest something else. I agree with that kind of driving you want. It's got a carbon chassis. It's got plenty of power will feel raw, but it's a modern enough car. And I think the prices are down where you could spring from one interest is different enough from everything else. You've had I think four C is your car it because you're right. It's not full Lotus crazy. No and and the place where that car shines is as a spider. Yes. Yes on a back road and it's still just sacrificial enough. It's Not super practical but you could try to make it work for errands and a few things but then you've got the Tahoe over here or whatever because because on a track as a hardtop, it's not as good as it needs to be. Yeah trying to drive that. We've talked about it up one side and down the other tribe drive it as hard as you can possibly drive it. You're not going to like it enough. But watch our Pacific Coast Highway peace, when we first drove the spider it was perfect. It was perfect and it was it was perfect on we had a gorgeous day. We're going plenty quickly, but neither one of us were trying to drive as hard as we could and we just thought This everything's aligned his car just clicks right here. How I do like that about it. That's really good. Just a verbal things your mother almost daschle. I have I have a wild card for your van idea. Okay. All right. I really like guys and you're gonna all think I'm insane. He wants a hundred cubic feet of cargo space. It almost has. Oh, it's in the mid-90s. It's like 93-95 cubic feet of space garbage cart. I'm bracing for impact because here's what think you've never owned anything like this. It's a conversation. Sensation starter, they're ridiculously cheap and you're not going to feel precious about it at all. Get yourself a Pontiac Aztek. You didn't go minivan what go with me here. You didn't come minivan listening. But this is a ridiculously bad car that it enthusiasts will strike up a conversation with you at a gas station. You're not going to buy any minivan on the on the planet to have a conversation at a gas station. You could take your clapped-out run down dog mud-covered Aztec to a Cars & Coffee and have a blast. Your minivan, it's gonna be like, why did you bring that thing? You see them saying? He's such a car guy that I wonder if Anthony buys kind of for the usability and kind of for the laughs an Aztec and just use it for the stuff. Wow. This is not sacrificial. This is the antithetical car. Would you see what I'm saying? Everything is it can actually do what he needs it to do but it's got enough of a I can't believe I own this laughs factor that I think you might actually like it in a way you don't like the van I actually Actually like this idea in a weird way. I knew you would I actually really like it that mean to say that that you're kind of going wait. I'm actually like it a lot. So Anthony there's my wild card for you on the van side is just go buy yourself a nice deck and just take the rear seat out leave it out. It becomes your dog. Holler Lumber hauler and also laugh Riot. I mean, it's the conversation starter and stopper but the fun to be had and the conversations to be had only and the bead on quality of that thing. You'll never care about it. Here's the thing, which is what Love the minute. They stopped selling knew I was still living in Los Angeles and they vanished and I moved here like five years later. And the first time it snowed I saw like six that they all still are out here and they're being used like this as winter beater cars every year my fate and my first fate and peace that we post them on YouTube the the end of that piece I talk comment about the fact that I happen to just in the wild pulled up behind a guy in an Aztec. Right? Right. So I'm putting it out there as my wild card for the For the utility car this leaves more money to spend on the other end of the spectrum and that he had probably does because they're going to be cheap are going to be like five six great and yeah, they might give you money to take it away. Please take my stick. I'll pay you and it's GM parts to it's not like that's the thing about it. It's not bought something that nobody's making parts for I mean body panels. Thank God. No, but but otherwise, so anyway, there's my thought this is historic moment. We've never recommended an Aztec ever. This is a historic podcast. Yes. There you go. So wow, like the S2000 I like that as well. I am going to say too. Cars that are hardtop that I think you should consider though. Okay, the 86 you've never owned anything in that range get yourself a Scion FR-S and Subaru BRZ. Those are big guy cars big guys fit really well in those cars and they are just fun to drive and it has a lot of the lotus style about it, but much more usable. I think you'd like that car and drive it a lot. I also wonder if maybe one of those people worse like I'm going to throw a supercharger on this and love it. It's 86 is on there another one you could get for your money. We don't normally Commend because the problem I have with it is it's way too expensive new but they're out there used now and you want to go a little hardcore and different and new experience and you have Nissan in your background get yourself a 370 nice Mo. Okay. Okay a too expensive new but every time you every time we've driven one, I mean literally we're like pull out of the pit onto the track were like, this is really well done. Yeah, it does stand up even though we all want a new one and it needs to be refreshed but it does stand up and the nice MO is really really well sorted so An actual full mismo 370Z. Those are my two hard hard top versions and then my other one in the convertible range. You could get yourself a Jaguar F-Type. Oh, yes. Yes the Jag that's they're out there convertible. They're nice. They run Jaguar F-Type. Have a nice day. Here's the thing Jaguar F-Type park next to your Pontiac Aztek in your garage, or maybe the other ones. We've mentioned the Alfa 4C next year as to it. Just works tell me it doesn't work Anthony. Where longtime users and big Believers in grows garage car care products, that's because while many other brands are just rebranded versions of the same few products grills garage has developed manufactured and bottled bespoke car care products since 1990. In fact, many of their first customers were collector cars displayed at Pebble Beach Rio's is a family company based in Washington state still dedicated to having the best products for every car in every budget. It's a matter of fact. I learned my certified Pol own car care style from crios. Both used grills garage car care products on our own cars for over 20 years and we wouldn't use anything else. If you're wondering how to get going. They offer free training and techniques through their videos and website and starter kits to help your car. Look its best grills garage products are 100% guaranteed and I'll liquid products are made in the USA. They offer a 100% lifetime guarantee. So give them a try when you're ordering a grills garage.com use the code every day for ten percent off your order. Enjoy. The finest Quality Car Care Products. You can buy at grills garage. cam Dennis F rights to us with lists of Hondas that he loves Dennis is a Honda person through and through he has multiple. He's actually currently restomod a 96 Prelude which caught my eye dentist because I've never heard of anybody rest am adding a Prelude that didn't seem like a normal sentence construction. But okay and I want to see photos. What are you putting in it? What's going on? Is this Honda parts? That's like an NSX engine going in a Prelude and you're creating some sort of monster thing that nobody's ever thought of is it the all wheel drive system? From some Acura and you're dumping that there you go. What is this? Carbon Prelude with the super handling all-wheel drive. That would actually be a cool build like how much money are you pouring at? This that concerned? You could leave money left over so we can buy more cars for well, but here's the thing. He's restomod in one because his wife drives a 99 Prelude He restored prior. Wow. All right, so currently he's saving to replace his aging Honda Element with a ridge line, but he fears that he's missing out on the S2000 those cars are not the same and he's also Tempted to blow his savings on an R SX s. Okay Honda through and through and inaccurate. That's all this on this list as a side note. He says in 2010 is red o5 Hyundai Accent hatch was rear-ended and totaled he passed on the sport edition Kia Soul and instead bought the aforementioned element 2006 weird, like left turn into hyundai-kia now, we're back an hour back around. Okay doing that to Honda that felt straight. I gotta go back sit. Ten years hundred fifty thousand miles later. He still got the Element, although it's getting worse for wear and think that happen to Honda's. I thought that just Shrugged off the where and God I don't think the but I think the elements I think they succumbed to the elements. There are there I went because I think anybody that bought them beat on him pretty hard. They got used for a lots of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So he's owned a few second cars during this time as 74 MGB Roadster which He restored sold running 89 Prelude bought as a shell sold as a shelf. That means project. I'd never touched. That's what that means and Think this 96 Prelude Mouse Nest. It was Day lead and an o-5 Civic which was gifted and re-gifted. It's a white elephant o5 Civic. All right, who know? Alright. So as you talked about his wife has the 99 Prelude, but she wants a 2010's Acura MDX and is Waiting For Better Credit. Just great. He says the ol5 Civic was not a peach but a fruitcake was a gift from considered co-worker got in his hand. He made it a hand-me-down. He said he used it for a commute for a year and then gave it to his sister last week 220,000 miles. And runs like butter. It's just I like the white elephant Civic ideas. If we keep next Christmas, I've given it to you. It's gotta be great. Yeah, it's really good. Keep handing it down. You know it the next Christmas party you attend. You could give a car away. The problem is that's the L5 Civic. Hey, but it is going to run. This is the good news Anthony. What about Anthony had fun before we're now having this fun. I what I'm going to do with you Dennis. Alright, so he gave away the Civic then the oil light came on and his wife's Prelude and the brakes when On the element He says all our cars got old when we weren't looking. Yeah that happens. I feel like I'm on the cusp of that right now. I'm realizing everything I own is 15 years old and going that might not be a good choice. Yeah, when the Phaeton is your reliable winter car. Yes, you might have an issue. Yeah, you might want to rethink that just a little bit. Yeah. Okay. So he says I think it would be poor form to by himself name another car number number of cars while his wife is still driving something from the 90s. So he needs to wait until she gets. Her M DX, which is great. All right, in the meantime, he's been saving for a year at the rate of four thousand dollars per year. Just do math do math folks. How much money does he have? Dennis has four thousand dollars. How did I get? It's like a word problem. I got my son. It's great. Yeah, how many gallons of milk consumed on the train from New York to out? I don't know. All right, if you can nurse the elements They don't serve milk on that traits right trick question surprise. All right, so if we can nurse the element along for three to five more years he can pay cash or put a large down payment on a lightly used 2nd. Gen Honda Ridgeline. His wife neither wants her MDX used for truck stuff nor wants his savings to pay for her car. Okay, so there's some you know, give and take on both. They're Tryin. Yeah, but I think he wants an S2000, you know, it says remember I had an MGB but he's worried, you know prices of the s2000s will do the same thing that the first generation NSX did it says Fly Away out of my reach like a lost balloon on the third hand. He says an Acura RSX Type ass would make a great replacement for the Civic. And honor has fallen Accent Hatchback, but then he says ultimately I should be saving for a down payment for a house. Yes. Well, honestly, we all should be saving for something other than the car where we have to buy we all should be and we aren't going to which is why you're all here with us and we're glad about it Dennis. Hmm. Wow. Okay, first off happy wife happy life. I'm going to say that again. Okay, make sure your wife not only likes what she drives but it's reliable for her. Yeah, just just add on this. I've joked about it recently because it has made me laugh avoid that conversation. I had with my wife who's who's very nice to me about my car love with the whole which car might taking because we're just everything has something going wrong avoid that so yeah, don't do that. Hmm. Alright, so he says thoughts he's saving cash. Well, first of all the cash savings rate that you're accomplishing. It should only take you two years to buy an $8,000 AP1 S2000. Yeah, right. I mean I went to art school. I'm not going At math I can operate my iPhone agreed. Oh, here's a while. We're there. Let me mention this on his 2000s back to your question about them leaving and I'll be coming expensive again Dennis. I think you're right. They will but I don't think the ones you want will okay, I think just I think the ones I think the ones that are going to nice one turn back and go really high or going to be the no mile AP twos. Yeah, or the CR is that they made for a while. They made the S2000 see ours and that blue with that then they destroyed Auto crosses everywhere. Yeah, I think He does and it can be the ones with no miles the ones that you're finding that are AP AP ones. Okay, by the way, that that car most cars have got the refresh in the middle like with Porsha's we talk about the point 1 and point 2. So the refresh in the middle of the S2000 is called the ap2. So the AP1 has the digital dash with the RPMs that go all the way over the top and a full Half Moon versus three quarters of the way in the ap2 lots of a little chain. That's the difference. That's the only thing that's the only difference actually the AP ones were a little more tail happy. But as a result that because they It's refined later. They aren't holding their value as well. And I think the AP twos with low miles pristine and stock because many of them are no longer stock. True. Those are going to go up out of your reach if they aren't already they're going to keep going but an AP one that's just been driven and has some miles. I think you could buy one. Now. I think you could buy one three years from now. I think they're going to stay about the same. Mmm. Get ready for some tough love because I think you should sell the rest of modded Prelude I had Exact same thought and I put it under tough love as well. I but you know Dennis, I'm sorry. I love the idea. I don't know what it is. And unless you're pouring money at it to make it super cool because preludes were fun. But the problem is their front wheel drive. So preventing them from low-power front-wheel-drive. I'm into high power front-wheel-drive. Yeah, but they weren't in the era of the Fiesta ST where suddenly front-wheel drive doesn't matter anymore. You know what I mean? Because they were so good and handled so well, they weren't in that category yet. So by the MDX as soon as possible, okay, get ready to sell that estimated Prelude whether you finish it or not thing find somebody that wants to take over the project or part it out or whatever. That is. I know those are hurtful words. I'm not trying to play like that. But what would he would sell his wife's 99 and the one that he's working on? What are we walking away with money-wise? Yeah, that way it cuts down on the amount of cars. You have therefore leaving you more space more wiggle room for more carbs for more cars in the future we do. What it allows a easier conversation, I'll say hopefully yeah now keep saving for that S2000 because you can buy a Ridgeline anytime nothing is going to happen to the Ridgeline like we're talking about with the S2000 FairPoint the Ridgeline. Yeah, they're just going to keep making them. The old ones will be available. They'll be fine. Well, yeah blah. Have you driven the MX-5 with the turbo yet? Mmm, the MX-5 RF with the turbo. They're more money. But once you start selling all this peripheral stuff Tough get your wife in the MDX and you're really pushing on the savings you're saving even more and suddenly you're able to put a nice down payment on an RF with the turbo delish. It's the modern car. It's the hard top. So it's convertible. It's everything that S2000 is I think in a modern iteration now with in a lot of ways you the turbo. I like it. I like it a lot to Dennis. We're both kind of thinking tough love for you. I'm going I'm going to say this it's going to hurt but I'm going to say it anyway. I want you to make a list. If you need to put it in front of you iconic computer do so put the word Honda Acura just put those words on one side. Okay, the other side make a list of every other car manufacturer. Oh every other one made and here is my question. Nothing from any of them. You had point us thinking Honda you've owned Kia and Hyundai, but honestly, there's a lot of great cars out. There's a lot of fun car manufacturers out there and there is a level of pay-to-play we've talked about this before you and I are experiencing. With these crazy sedans, but come on my Lotus all heck all the stuff I've owned there is that that impending danger of what if it goes wrong? I get it again and clearly you had great experience with Honda's and I understand you have Honda love but one of the things we really want for people is different experiences and Branch out and do something new. This is all you're thinking about is Honda or Acura product and I'm sure it feels really weird but I really want to encourage you for there's nothing else out there. Really? Yeah, I To admit I'm kind of same way. I need to take that medicine to because I just think okay. I like my Porsche. What's the next Porsha? I think that way to admit well and look at what's happened with you with Maserati. I've discovered Maserati. I mean honestly of if you had made this list Maserati wouldn't have even been a consideration thing now granted we live weird lives. So we went out and bought weird cars on purpose. Yes, because we get getting content fodder out of it. You guys are laughing along with us. So we realize that's not a normal situation, but my point is Is you found things to love as I have with the Phaeton in cars? You never actually thought you'd like. Yeah. Yeah, MC 20. Come on Maserati, MC 20. Let's have it guys. Thank you for your questions write to us with your own debate everyday driver TV at gmail.com. Send us your topic Tuesday's you are on social media to and your car conclusions and you're awesome debates Keep It Coming. You can find us on the web site to on the contact button there. When we're searching for cars for this show or for our own crazy Obsession our searches always start with Auto Tempest instead of searching each car site separately. You can enter all your parameters in Auto Tempest one time and search them all at once without a tempest. You can enter your search one time and see results from cars.com TrueCar eBay and many more or you can jump to Craigslist auto trader or CarGurus without entering anything new They just added a link to Facebook Marketplace to Auto Tempest can help you find your next. Next new or used car if there's a dozen in your neighborhood or two in the entire country. So if you're doing your drive homework, you're chasing your dream car or just looking to feed the disease as we always are head to Auto Tempest.com all the cars onesearch. Jump into questions. We've got a ton on here compliments to you guys for all your great questions. I'm jumping to Twitter and Simon MI5 mantle said if you had your own car brands, what would you call them? And what would be the brand ethos luxury speed speed at a competitive price. What would the motto be? What would it be? Okay. I'm not quite sure what the name of my car company would be I think. It takes a big ego to do it, but I will give Elon Musk a point for not naming his car company after himself because he was a first investor not the person that started it. I hate to say it trying to give him a point. I know you're desperately trying to give up Point preventing me from giving him. Sorry. Sorry, you're making a good point though. Keep going. It's not it's not the my agree. Nobody's driving a musk. Thank God doesn't sound right. It doesn't the elon's know better. It really, isn't. It really isn't throughout history just about every car. He is named after the founder after Direction fan, right? Absolutely. So a point to him for naming his car company after the technology same thing with Trevor Milton who is named his electric Class A semi truck company after Nicolas Nicolas. So it's not the Milton. We're driving. We have a Nikola transport truck that's hauling a bunch of Tesla's it's going to have some please do that. Oh, it's gonna want that photo because there it is. Yeah, they're gonna get together and somebody's going to figure that out and get to do it. But throughout history. Like I said everything in her, Horace Dodge and you're right your Chevrolet and everything just welcome Brooklyn. Sure. Absolutely, right John DeLorean name the heart keeps going. I mean, I like Porsche but it has to sound right. I don't see anybody driving the Schmucker. I just don't because you know the short for that. Yeah. Anyway, yeah, you're off the yeah, you know it devolve into that so I don't see it. So it would be it would be something that that Is I don't know none threatening non-specific, I guess so it'd take me a while to come up with the name. I see how the name is something you could stuck on for a while supposedly could have IP and then you have who who already has that URL and suddenly your chain. This is why The Grand Tour finally became The Grand Tour they went through like 50 names trying to figure out what could it be that somebody doesn't already own saying was boring. So I'm still working on that. But my company would either be a company similar to Koenigsegg power speed Technology Innovation luxury. Lucidity I'll give you an a kitchen design example. Okay, when I was in my Furniture Design days we talked about would you rather design 5 or 10 really beautiful high-end kitchens with you know, really great details or a flat-pack Ikea kitchen. Okay as a designer, which would you rather do that cell to 20 million homes. Which would where do you want your products? And how do you want them to be perceived? It's a fair question and you can answer it either way. So I'm leaning more towards the Very part to really concentrate like Christian von Koenigsegg is doing the other company would be a 60s cars that never existed interesting Ferraris Jaguars and Aston Martin. So it looks like those and you think is that it no, that's a little different but the shapes are evoke in like that old manufacturing techniques like an English wheel and that's just now they made them but it's 60s cars that never existed that give you the feeling the same feeling as a Jaguar F-Type, but it's not like it that I like a lot you would do that. At well, like bring back beautiful form language with modern running gear. That's why I like icon four by fours and they're like, so not much. Yeah, but it's different. It's now beautiful design bespoke design. Yeah. I still think you can make a lot of money in bespoke and Niche cars for manufacturers doing that. I mean electric GT.com is doing the Ferrari 308 electric conversion with a manual transmission. Yeah, let's take a further than that. It could be an awesome engine. It could be electric, but it's bespoke Bodywork. Like I'm not saying I want to go down the Fisker. Because he was just coach work on top of Mercedes SLS and BMWs. That's not what I'm talking about. But just something beautiful 60 scars that never existed very cool while you're on Twitter. And while you're talking designed to do see on songs question. I did I have to call you out here. He says he just found our podcast and he was very surprised. He's not why I found it to hear that you Paul went to Art Center because he's currently going to Art Center and so he says and I'm doing this to call you out directly Paul, right? He says do you still sketch Paul? And if so, would you share? Ah, I am Folks I am I'm trying here. I'm trying to get Paul to do a series on design. We talk about it often. Yeah, we're working on gear. I remind him. I am trying I am here for you. I'm trying. All right, he's working on it. We're going to actually have Beyond just sketches Paul's going to be taking designs of cars and actually fixing them. I'm putting that in quotes. He's saying you went to this way for these reasons. Why not go this way for these reasons now, he's operating in a world where You don't have the checks and balances which is what's kind of fun about it because when you sit down and talk about that stuff, I just kind of sit back and get silent and I don't get silent often. So hopefully it's coming soon enough fair enough. I'm called out officially appreciate it. All right. So what else other questions you got on here Michael Newsome. He says I know I know this is not quite Apples to Apples. But okay charger or Julia. And why hmm now Michael, I think the answer here is the kind of driver and the location of where you are. If you're a person who likes power and lives in Texas or Florida charger. It's just big comfortable. Bruiser tons of power really, I mean got attitude you've got an on ramp and a hundred miles ahead of you. Let's go. Okay, but if you drive like I do you like light small agile stuff and you have the roads to match Julie every time fair enough petrol head 80 was watching the last episode of season 3 of The Grand Tour where the trio did a documentary on the Ford Cortina. Remember that and how it became the backbone of British Society. What car do we think was the backbone or is the backbone of American society I dug into this. I'm interested according to the American University in Washington DC's covid School of Business and their 2019 Auto index made in America ranking. Okay. It ranks the Corvette as number one according to parts and final assembly into the Mustang is important too but it's ranked 15th on that same list according to Parts sharing and final assembly. Okay and despite filin simply being the us only 46% of the Our u.s. Or Canadian made in the Mustang now. I know that you know, the manual transmissions made in China least maybe the prior generation was but yeah that is important. But if the argument is solely based on perception both Mustang and Corvette are in the similar position, I see the for taking the technicality out of it and just what's the perception of both of these cars. They're just American Muscle Cars sure because consider that you got a Mustang someone's sometime in your life the perception in the past you just you get a Mustang at some point because your car enthusiast But once you retire, then you get the Corvette the kids are grown and they're all completely finally out of the house, you know, and so you get a Corvette and that's been the generic perception but that is changing dramatically with both cars, which I love ya either change it move on but a large part of past American Car culture is about speed drag racing and cruising in the past. That's also morphing and changing because of sure Tesla's and you know, all that kind of thing, but that's been in the Has so those two cars. I'm calling out. I'm sort of leaving the technicalities out of it, even though we could, you know have an endless discussion but Mustang and Corvette, that's kind of been the backbone as far as American Car culture. I see where you're going. I actually Wonder because the Ford Cortina part of the discussion. There was the fact that it was a complete every man car and they kind of loved it and loathed it simultaneously. Hmm, which makes me wonder about the cake car. Is it the American equivalent of that discussion I'd could be that could be I don't I don't like them but there was an ERA where it was just like almost everything is cake our cake are thinking which by the way this is not cake our Japanese. This is cake our Chrysler k-car e Iacocca and everything was essentially made from the same idea. It's before Volkswagen even did the mqb platform made. Everything is a platform Chrysler that this would be any change the industry for a time into boredom. I'll note but anyway, I wonder about that did it did shape a lot and people Love them and hate him price because you could finally afford a car a new car and you know hated him for everything else for all of the other stuff going on. Let's see, this is Cham Cham MJ. He's listening to the podcast for a while. He enjoys our YouTube stuff. He doesn't have Amazon or cable. He feels like you know, I have enough subscriptions. So he is a subscriber to Motor Trend on demand. Are we on there? I want to clarify this again. I know there's a lot of ongoing confusion are so I'm just I'm trying to go too far. Our but here's the thing. We are on Motor Trend cable channel. Yes. We are Independent Producers on the Motor Trend cable channel, which means Motor Trend doesn't own our show we own the show. Yes odor trend on demand essentially puts things on demand that they either own or license they put on the app. They don't pay a us an additional license fee. So we are not on their app. I know it's very confusing but that's the deal which is why we put it elsewhere. It's on Vimeo for all International markets and it is on Amazon. On as well. We have six seasons on Amazon. Now the first four are free on Prime as they as Seasons get older. They become free on Prime. I hear you on all the subscriptions. I'm going to say this real quick. This is odd. I read a stat once where 75% of people that have Amazon Prime. Have it for free shipping many of those people don't even know Amazon has content. You're kidding me that's changing its changing the first year and a half. That was the stat. Holy. Moly slime is just associated with free shipping is exit. And that's all the benefits I get. Exactly. So why my question for you is do you have Prime and just don't watch it up. Do you get free packages from Amazon, you might Because if you've got Prime then you've got Pride exactly then you've got the ability to watch. I also know that means extra money for their stuff. But honestly, the reason that I have it with my wife is free packaging because we live apparently too far from normal mailboxes. So a lot of stuff comes in Amazon boxes, so I get to watch stuff as a result. But I hope that clarifies a little bit of how to get it. I'm sorry that it's not on the Amazon. Pardon me at not on the Motor Trend app if they would like to pay us a little bit to have our content on there because let's be honest with make them money. We would have that discussion. Mmm. There's a question from a are posting on Facebook from Ryan Chang asking why can't cheap cars be beautiful let's find cheap but if they're inexpensive have you checked out what Mazdas doing have you looked and really look closely at the curated shut lines and the way the urethane body bumper covers meet the body some car manufacturers Just draw a line and okay that's where we need to do it because we need to have that pull off there and because the tooling and Manufacturing let's just draw a line Mazda is designing that line super clean yeah on the Mazda3 that's a cheap car right can we all agree that there this Mazda 3 is pretty much a cheap car the cx-3 is cheap the the Miata is cheap I mean the base versions of all these cars inexpensive for new cars look at the lines and what they've done where the washout send and where new character lines start down the hood and then look at the surface it's not too full it's not too thin and that that just means the swell of the surface it's not puffed out too much it's not just flat it's just got a nice curvature in there and to get that out of the manufacturing it's one thing to design it it's another thing for the people who make it to pull that design and make it right yeah and how many times that sheet metal is stamped over pressed and then it Springs back just slightly because of the steel material its are for sure gonna and coaxing that shape out that such an art form I want you to appreciate that but I do take your point most cheap cars are ugly yeah a lot of times that's because it depends on what the size is an Aston Martin Long wheelbase Beautiful flowing lines. It's a GT car. You can you can really stretch the lines where the shirt versus a small compact cars many times less expensive and it's harder to make beautiful long flowing lines that are really sexy and attractive on something. So small. Look at what Aston Martin did when they made the Signet took my smart car and they made the Aston Martin Cygnet. The S2000 is a great example of pure form just mirrors arrest without Here ill you know hard edges. It's just pure surface your Lotus Elise, even though I don't consider that cheap necessarily it wasn't to start with but now inexpensive. Yeah, that's a small car with a beautiful design. There's a there's a much bigger cars design put on that car. It does still work. You're right. Absolutely. It looks so beautiful caimans it that way even those are expensive and so bigger but yeah, you know that yeah. Yeah, I take your point, but right usually depends on just size and then again how much investment our car companies putting into Seen that shape and really paying attention or they just satisfied. Alright, just you know, two or three, you know stamps of the sheet metal and all right, we're good with it. We're not trying to do something really fine and beautiful out of that surface. It's just, you know, we'll tack on some cladding afterwards to kind of make it whatever that was Pontiacs demise, I think cladding and rounded buttons this color radical on Instagram says, what are our thoughts on the Subaru Crosstrek? He hasn't heard us talk about it. We do talk about it now and then if you'd like to see a piece on it, we actually put it in a five-seat feet arms piece. That's part of season. Three you can watch a big discussion about that. They sell really well. There's a lot of good things about them. They are cvts which we don't like too much but they are go anywhere do anything which is good driver-focused said on the other in the Spectrum quick question is a Lotus evora still worth it without the supercharger. Oh, I like that. You're taking this short answer. Yes. Here's the thing about the evora the first time ever drove and I drove without a supercharger and I drove it on a track and halfway around the first lap. I realized Yep. This could take out her more horsepower. Okay. it was still very fun it was still really agile and it still didn't feel slow but I would liken it to the base Kaman okay okay if you drive a base Cayman it's a caiman the handling is excellent interior is very nice all the interactions really excellent all of the ergonomics of the pedals and everything you're enjoying yourself you're just aware this could go faster this could be more powerful and it would be fine it wouldn't be anything the least bit scary that's the of or without a supercharger if you are considering a nerve or without a supercharger reverses Analyse or an exceeds with a supercharger had a question like that which one of those how usable do you need it to be the The Sweet Spot of at Lisa's is oh eight and up Factory supercharged those are so nice but they are still much more raw and less usable than a base of Aura so if you want any kind of usability you're going to want the evora guys thank you so much for all your questions I always thank you but you're always coming through the forests and it's you that and make the podcast thanks for telling us what's on your mind we appreciate it on social media thanks for following there's so much more to come so we're looking forward to it cheers everyone