Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com. Hi everyone, welcome to adventures and autism episode 79. I am Megan Carranza. Thank you so much for coming to listen. If it is your first episode welcome. So happy to have you and if you have been listening, thank you so much for coming on back as always every week. I just have to start by saying thank you so much for just all the love and support you give the show. I love hearing from you guys getting your your messages and reviews especially those in apple podcast. Not only do they just warm my heart when I read your kind words, but they also really help other people to find the show. So thank you so much for that. And today I am super excited for you guys to hear this episode. My guest is Stephanie Hanrahan and she is an Autism. Mom times two she has a son and a daughter both on the Spectrum both very different. So we will get into all that but just a little bit of backstory and we kind of get into this on the episode. I was connected with Stephanie through pass gas Julie hornak and really all I knew about Stephanie from the start was that she was a blogger and her blog is called Tinkles her pants and like I We get into the episode so I'm not going to say much more. But basically that was all I needed to hear was Tinkles her pants. And I knew that Stephanie had to be a guest on this phone cast and oh boy, did she deliver Stephanie is basically like a motivational speaker. I can't even tell you how floored I was by this conversation listening to her speak and just going through her entire Journey, which is very unique because not only does she have her her two children on the Spectrum, but she also talks about her husband's heart condition, which is kind of what kicked off this whole time in their lives that led to her getting her first her daughter's diagnosis and then her son's it's just a really really compelling story and is what Stephanie has has come away from this with is just such an amazing wisdom and the perspective that she Is just incredible so I know you guys will absolutely love listening to this conversation. I love being a part of it when I listen back to it. I was like just as motivated and inspired once again, so honestly, I can't wait to hit play and like here like I swear this one. So without further Ado here is my conversation with Stephanie. Hi, Stephanie, welcome to adventures and autism. Hi. Thank you for having me. Thank you so much for being here. So I was just telling you I had connected with you through another amazing autism Mama Julie hornak who was a guest on this show and she has that awesome little webseries. She does that's like two truths and a lie that I had done for her a couple months ago. And then she just recently did one with you and I saw just the screenshot and the screenshot was your Face your name and it just says your blog title, which is Tinkles her pants. I don't know. That's all I need. I didn't even need to watch the video. I was like this. I meant I'm fully it. Well, I appreciate that and you were immediately my people if you understand that, you know, I'm just here to leak the truth and I didn't know it would be it's definitely memorable right? It's good marketing, but it just the name dawned on me because I live for those moments that make you laugh so hard you leak a little right like those belly laugh really good girlfriend moments, but that's not always real life. Like real life is hard and realize deserves to be done with real people. And so when I went to open my blog that was my attempt to just find the real people who I could have those moments with while discussing the hard things. Oh my gosh. Well, you do such an amazing job of that. Will you kind of take us back to the beginning of your journey, which you just said? Was colorful and I like that one because it definitely there's it's a very unique Journey with a lot of twists and turns so if you will kind of take us back to the beginning, I would love to hear. Yes. Absolutely. So colorful as kind of the word I use to describe my family, which is a polite way of saying I'm crazy and chaotic and has a lot of different chapters, but I think you know for today the story really starts in the summer of 2016. My daughter Campbell was two years old. And my son Eli was six weeks old and I was kind of living that Fairytale life. Like I had a very kind of chaotic life up until that point a lot of ups and downs and trial and overcome. And once I got married to probably the most steady man possible, I just felt like it was time to Coast. I have my two kids our family was complete and all that was missing was the white picket fence. And so that summer I really felt contented and set for the My life and of course, that's when things kind of fell through the floor. It was a typical Saturday morning. Eli was a newborn. I was recovering from my c-section and my husband was getting out of bed and he hit the floor and it woke me in the baby up and I you know rushed over to him and he was conscious but disoriented and just gripping his back and in a lot of pain and I used to be a labor and delivery nurse. So my first thought was okay. I am wondering why a healthy 31 year old former athlete peak of his physical prime is on the ground right now, like what makes that happen. And so what ended up happening is we were I brought him to the ER we were transferred to about three different facilities before discovering that my husband has a very rare heart condition. He hasn't even rarer version of That so his heart is three times as thick as it should be it's just overworked and prone to stopping and that's what happened that Saturday it just flatlined. And so what we also learned was it was a miracle that he was alive. The reason he was gripping as back is because during his fall he hit the corner of our nightstand and that jolt broke his spine, but it also restarted his heart. So when I talk about from like a man When Spain can come immense purpose it can also come it can also save your life right that pain can save your life. So he broke his back but because of that it restarted his heart. So I am the the Physicians made it very clear if he would have fallen gracefully to the carpet. I would be a widow right now. So that kind of started our journey that summer with learning our way through heart disease figuring out the new normal. He was learning to walk again, and I was having to you know, bathe him and feed him and care for him. And so in the middle of all of that my daughter Campbell began to show, you know, some questionable signs and you know the story with her really starts when she was about a year old and I always say that Campbell was a very exceptional child and that's not you know, doting first time mom talked. It was just Truth by 13 months old she could speak in complete sentences. She could tell you, you know, E is for tree and H is for house and she was bubbly and social and fearless and I could count by fives and tens. She was just this, you know, the Milestones just exceeded them didn't even need them exceeded. Mm. And so as a first-time Mom, I just thought well we have just a brilliant child, but around 18 months old. I started as notice some traits about her. She was really rigid about simple things falling out of place like a Happy Meal toy or her favorite episode of Sesame Street getting a raised and she would have these massive breakdowns like the kind that is not a normal two other tantrum. It looked like it was like physically painting her that these things had fallen out of place and she started lining up or toys and at Christmas when she opened her gift. She started flapping which I just thought was from excitement, but the little antennas are starting to go off and right around the time this happened with my husband's heart. She had turned And to and I was very clear that I was looking at a child with autism, but because she is considered higher functioning my pediatricians all disagreed. They said she's just smart and she's quirky and we just need to wait so I had to sit during that time period knowing what would be confirmed when she turned three which was that she was indeed on the autism spectrum and as I waited that entire Year, you know nursing my husband back to health and waiting for Campbells diagnosis. I was watching my son who was the newborn and through the first year of his life because I knew what I was looking for. I also was able to identify that he had autism as well. So complete Demolition and rebuild of my faith and my family during that time period where you feel like you have everything and then you lost everything so entered a pretty I'll be candid a pretty deep stage of grieving which I think is important to talk about because the expectation in life I had in my head was was gone. So that was that was very very difficult and during that time. I was just searching I say like I want to find the people who can say I get it instead of I can't imagine right because we have the friends who mean so well, but they say I can't Jim what you're going through because they can't and I didn't have any I get it friends and the also that that partly I will take blame for that because I was because you can't see any of my family's ailments on a picture. I was still posting my pretty I didn't share with really anybody about my husband's heart. I didn't share about the kids autism. I had never talked about my past abuse or anxiety because you can't see it in the photo and I was so Since that the world only wanted my prettiest parts and so actually what would end up changing. My life is I the day Campbell was diagnosed with autism. I opened a private Instagram account. I didn't even tell my husband about it and for a year and a half. I used it as a journal and it was just for me because I figured you always have Instagram. You always have your phone and I would post my pretty on my public profile and just share my gritty and my whole grieving heart. On that Instagram account and I did it for a year and a half until one day on my public account. Somebody called my family perfect well-intended lie. They said oh my gosh, you just have the perfect family and it felt so icky because they were only seeing my highlight reel now, I realize and so that was the birth of tingles or pants. I think within the next week. I open the blog and the Instagram account associated with Tinkles is actually the same account. I used as a journal. I left it completely. Italy unedited so that was life-saving and Grace filled because from that I just said I'm hoping to find one person who can say I get it and to my surprise. I found a lot more than that. Yeah for sure. It's so funny that you say that because that's something that I say all the time. It's so simple that you know, like you said like just someone that's like I get it people that get it. It's such a simple thing, but it means so much. You connect with those people. Yes, and I think the there's so much weight in it. And I think here's here's the thing. I've learned because now now in the complete opposite girl of of The Grieving one in that first post and the reason being is because I had that year and a half of practice of being myself and now I get to just still be myself but people are watching And So It Feels So freeing and it feels great to get ahead of your story and also, How you find your I get it people is knowing that the more intimate you get the more Universal you get so we may not all have the same experiences, but we have a lot of the same feelings. So when I'm talking about like grief on my website, I've had people come to me saying I've life is Ali lost a child. I have a child that's been diagnosed. I have a child that turned out differently than our expectations as a family maybe joined a different religious affiliation or is up. Different sexual orientation and they're all coming with that same feeling and that is what is incredible to me as we are so United by our stories. That's such a good point because there's so many times like since you know Logan was diagnosed and just being on this journey where you know, I'll see a post or you can read an article or something. It can be about something completely different than you know our situation. It doesn't even necessarily have to be about autism but like you said when you when you come from that place of grief and you have felt that grief before especially since because I think we've all felt grief in our life, but when it has something to do with your Baby, who's like the most precious thing to you that grief hits really hard and I think you feel it and like a deeper way than you probably ever have before. I know that was definitely the case for me. But like I said, there's times when it's like I'm connecting with something and even if it is about something completely different. I'm just able to like understand it and have like a deeper empathy for things because I even though my grief is different. It's all coming from that same place hundred percent agree. Three. Yeah, I think that has been one of the Silver Linings of special needs parenting which is I am awake. Like I am awake. I see it. All right, like and I will never again turn away from someone else's suffering because it's like, you know that feeling right and like all you want to do, you know is like help Humanity even at special needs child or not. It's just that feeling and I could handle I'm like you I could handle my own pain right? Like I'm I got this right but when it's your children's pain and you feel like you're as a mother your sole purpose was to protect them from it and you're seeing them have these breakdowns in your seeing them suffer through sensory overload or you know, any and all of the things that come under the umbrella of special needs and autism. It's hard. It's hard to watch that and not say give me your pain because I'll take it and so having those resources and people to say I'm here I get it my child's doing the same we've Become this we're working through this. It's like the best hand-holding. I could have ever imagined. Yes. Oh my gosh, you're so so right. You said a couple things that I want to go back to his I have a question. So especially with your daughter because I mean as we know girls are diagnosed far less than voice. That's just the statistics of it and for her, it sounds like because she was higher functioning. I'm so impressed that you were able to spot these things when Was so young at just to did you then get first of all, where did that like antenna go up those red flags with it just like a combination of things or was there like a moment where you were like, I think this is autism. And then also did you get pushback from like doctors and Professionals in trying to get I know that you had to wait till she was three, but even at three were they like in agreeance or was it more difficult to get that diagnosis? Yeah. I mean, I think for both of my children, especially Campbell, it was never clear cut like You know the fun little checklist they give you at the you know, they give everyone at the the pediatricians office for autism screening. She never qualified for autism based on that. And so that is like my mission now is like look and not that the the label matters that much it does matter when you're trying to get help and services. It does matter but it was like look, I know that there's something that isn't in this box for her like she's there's something going on and Needs resources and help and those shouldn't just be reserved. There should be for everyone right any need in diagnosis. So yes, I got a ton of pushback that I think the red flag moment the big one because it was building like I said with a rigidity and you know the meltdowns but going back to her speech I said she spoke a lot and she spoke often, but eventually I realized it turned into a lot of scripting and a lot of echo. Juelia, so she would really be repeating me. If I said, you know, I love you Campbell. She would say I love you Campbell or if she wanted a snack she would say, do you need a snack because that's what she was hearing us say and it really clicked. I think it was around Easter and we had our friends and family over for Easter dinner. We sat down I think she was like two and a half and we sat down and we were about to eat and she stands up on her chair and says we're about to enjoy a beautiful. With our friends and family on everybody's kind of just staring at her been staring at me because no two and a half year old was talking like that and they all knew my concerns. So they're all like Stephanie you're crazy. This Girl is Fine and in my head. I was just just thinking because that was word-for-word memorized from a book. We had borrowed from the library a few weeks prior. So she had she was so smart that she had memorized it and retained it and used it. It in the appropriate setting and that's how she was getting by but there was this disconnect right? Like I could never like conversate with her. It's still difficult. She's five now and it's very hard to have a conversation with her. It's very hard for her engage with her peers. She was she still keeps to herself and doesn't really know how to make friends. So, you know, I think that's important to remember especially with these girls they blend in but they still have trouble belonging and that's that's our job to help them with that too. Yes, absolutely know that that's so well said belonging. I mean I think like all kids struggle with that. But yeah, it's what you said for girls in the Spectrum. That's something that I mean. I hear from more and more moms. Now that you know, they have daughters but I remember when the show first started most of my guests had boys because that I mean like like I said boys are just they're diagnosed more often than girls are and that was just the guess that the people that were coming to me. That was good. Acting with they were so many boys. And then as the time went on I was hearing from the girl moms. Like you need to get more girls in the show and I'm like, I would love to have more girl moms on the show. So thankfully now we I have had more but I always I always do really think about that for the I mean for obviously the girls themselves and the spectrums but for the parents because I know like for us, you know, it's my son Logan who he definitely fits like that, you know kind of like idea of What we have is for like a boy on the Spectrum like you always see like the photo you don't even have like a little boy and he's kind of you know, right maybe kind of looking off like Logan definitely fits that box. Whereas like like you said for your daughter, you know, it looks a little bit different. So like I said, I mean, I really give you a credit for a spotty even even with the echolalial scripting like you said when you're a first-time mom, and you're probably just thinking like my kids a genius. I mean I said, I would write like where she's gonna get Mama. Worship like we're good. Yeah, I mean, I don't know if that's the clinician background or you know, I come from a family of Educators, but it you know, trust your gut and I don't want to encourage like needless worry, right? So I have a tendency to be a little bit more anxious than anyway, but just be like awake and aware when it comes to your kids and you are absolutely correct. It is very hard, you know as I've done research and talked to other moms to get a Little girl a diagnosis that young because it looks and presents like so many other things like social anxiety or you know, they just are typically a little bit harder to diagnose and they come their diagnosis is come later in life. So so yeah, I feel lucky that we were able to at least identify that and then know how to help her and during that year of waiting. I just and I look back now and I think man, I'm glad that I just had to be You know boot straps on carry on Warrior kind of thing because of my husband being not really able to help and having a newborn that life just carried on and if she was going to have a meltdown and I had to leave a play day early. So be it but I had to get out of the house. Right? And so I had to I was fighting for my sanity at that point to so unknowingly what ended up happening in that year before she was able to get therapy and help was I was her therapist. I was bringing her out into the world as much as I can expose. Her to as many people as many scenarios as many loud noisy crowded festivals and I really encourage that because I know it's difficult and I know that you'll have to leave early and I know that you'll have to Forfeit tickets or you know change plans, but I really think not bubbling her made her progress and cope, you know, kind of preparing the child for the road. Not the road for the child. Oh, yeah. That's a good one Quark. That's always that's the same thing. I'm always saying like just try it. Just get out. But yes, there's going to be some disasters but like there's probably going to be some really great stuff too. So it's like you just have to like keep pushing that little bit and you know over time a little bit it becomes a yes and shift your expectation because early on when I was still in that grieving period who if we didn't have a day that went as planned it was tough on mom. Like I was having a really hard time because I'm like can't we just do either can't we just go to the mall like, you know, but but we couldn't at that stage, but guess what now, we can like there's Going to be upset about perseverance. So it's just reshaping the expectation. Okay, everybody else may get to stay and the moms might get to drink their coffee quietly while the kids play and Minds, you know, eloping and running off, but you know what? I'm going to keep going. I'm gonna keep showing up for my child and showing up for my life. Yeah. We're here we're going to stick it here. Yeah, so sounds like we kind of got caught up on your daughter or your son. So Eli Eli has been like you were speaking of your son a little bit more classically cut. He was he received his diagnosis right at to but it was very interesting to have two children. Same diagnosis same genetics and they are presenting in two completely different ways. So I feel like I almost had to relearn autism again, you know like yeah the first time And he had a speech delay. Whereas Campbell speech was really pronounced in great. He had more aggressive because I wouldn't call it aggressive but like behavioral Tendencies. So Campbell could cut it in a mainstream preschool. Eli could not it was just too overwhelming socially and sensory wise and so he is now in a private autism specific classroom. And that's where he receives his services at the same school. It's been a it's been life-changing. I mean, it's a saved my son but he's found his people in his place. Whereas when he was when I was trying to conform him to what you know, the other children neurotypicals children were experiencing and preschool, you know, he was pushing his peers because he was just so overwhelmed and he didn't have the language and now this this kid off you could see him. He's just so happy and and he wouldn't touch a fly. I mean, it's just this this joyful child and You know, we had to shift our expectation for him and what worked for him and so he is excelling, you know, speeches still delayed. He's three and a half but he's able to communicate better. So he's happier and just has really impressed me with his resilience. Like these kids are they're just incredibly strong. Oh my gosh, they really they're they're just like our greatest teachers. Yes hundred percent. I mean, you know, I think about you know, there was a Again agree, I will be honest The Grieving came again with his diagnosis. It wasn't as per long that time. But you know, you have one child already on the Spectrum and you're hoping and praying. Honestly that I wouldn't have another one that I would have a sibling that could take care of her in the future and and that we would maybe have a little bit of a different route with and that wasn't the case for our family and now I've come to the realization that Campbell Anil I will never be Out somebody who doesn't understand them fully with each other and there's such beauty in that because you know, they have each other and they understand each other in a way that my husband and I will never be able to because of their diagnosis and and their challenges and their their ability to overcome. Oh my gosh, totally. I always say I'm like giving your child a sibling is really like the greatest gift you can give them because not to say that we all all siblings get along but Nobody understands you and understands what you've been through like a sibling because they've really like been with you in the trenches for all of it. So for them to you know to just have this sibling can actually put that on top of it. Like you said to have this like deeper understanding for each other that is just such a gift. Yes, and I think it's a testament to like I would I would not have probably had another child if I had known about my husband's heart because the other kicker there is that his condition is genetic. I'm so both kids had a 50% chance of having it as well. They were either going to have his gene or mine. So we had to sit with with that understanding and knowing and then with Her diagnosis. I probably would have lived a life of fear. You know, what if the heart what if the autism for the second child and so I find it by no coincidence that Eli was six weeks old when all of this really presented itself because my family was complete it was perfect. Perfectly Imperfect Liam perfect, but it was how it was supposed to be and I don't doubt that these two were made for me. Oh a hundred percent. It's so funny. You say that because I've had several moms on recently where would this has been kind of something that we've talked about is the idea of like expanding your family and having more kids after a diagnosis because for me so I have three kids or Logan's my oldest and then my daughter Liliana she was a year old Logan was for Got diagnosed. We've been on a like an eight month weight loss was a long process. So we started seeking a diagnosis a verse 3. He wasn't actually diagnosed until he was four and my daughter Liliana was one and I had those same kind of thoughts like, okay, like we're done now like our plates are full. We have a boy and a girl and we knew we needed to really focus on things with Logan and we were like OK that's it. Our family is complete and then it was like not too long after we're like, we had a little surprise. Kayla and she is just the greatest gift to our family. She's amazing, but I was terrified when I found out that I was pregnant not only because we weren't planning and have another baby but because that was definitely a thought of mine of like we I mean at that point like we knew what we knew that Logan was on the Spectrum. We were Lily Adams only one, but we were fairly certain that she was typical developing just from her and Logan were like literally night and day so we saw things in her at one that really he That for he was not able to do so we were we were scared because I was like, okay, I know what this is. Now. I know that this is autism and like yeah, could we have another child on the Spectrum? It was it was very scary for sure. But at the same time I remember even when I think what she was about like six months old maybe a little bit older and I could see that she was kind of following the same trajectory that my daughter was I was kind of like, okay. I feel like I can breathe a little bit. It but then also I remember reading this article talking about progression and then I was terrified all over again and we're right. Mr. I'm like, oh my gosh, but I'm like, yeah, she's doing great now and she seems to be like typical but what if she regresses what if this all goes away and my sister was like, you know what, you know how to handle it now, you know what to do. And I mean it was it was definitely like I still had some apprehension but I was so glad that she had said that because I'm like, that's true. Like I have like how you said it was An easier to grieve the second time you still had to grieve and I think that is important but you sort of have that blueprint going forward of like okay. I know like things we're we're we're going to get right. Yeah, and I think it's just, you know, letting go of the idea in your head for all of us. That's what we thought our family would look like because we all have those little girl fantasies right? Like that's what like the baby bump and then the baby comes like the nursery and it's going to be this perfect childhood and you know life happens right? Like it's very Hard to get through a broken World unbroken at some point some point something is going to happen. And so, you know, I've learned to just kind of accept like treating my expectation for appreciation. Like here's what I have and I have two children and they're going to be okay and if I'm honest, you know looking back my my ability to overcome is what mainly so resilient and that's what I'm trying to raise kind resilient children. So, maybe it's not a bad. I think that these kids have turmoil and pain and you know suffering because that makes character, you know, if I had an easy existence, I would just I just be coasting through life still. Yeah, so and now, you know, I try to think about the fact that like, yes, we don't get to do a lot of things that some families get to do. But now I have this community that other people don't have right I have these thousands of women who know what like the real grit of life is about And they're cheering my children on like I've we've it's just a beautiful it's not minimizing because anyone who's listening to this at the beginning of their journey and rolling the eyes like oh it's so beautiful it look I think to feelings can coexist at the same time. Right like you can accept and still be angry like you can grieve and still believe The Best Is Yet To Come like these are not mutually exclusive like grief didn't just stop for me. It's still hits me. I had a breakdown at my daughter's phone. The other day because 3 year olds were jumping in the water diving in cannonballs and she's five and a half and cannot swim and we've been doing private lessons for five years. So, you know, and I'm sitting there calculating the money watching these three rules and bawling like that and so right because it hits you it just hits you but I look I'm still showing up for those lessons every Sunday because I can grieve and still believe that the best is coming. You are just like speaking to my soul. Yes, the thought that like feelings can co-exist I think is really important and I do think that that is something that like you said kind of at the beginning of your journey that doesn't feel possible because you all you kind of feel as like the grief and the sadness and the what-ifs and the uncertainty of everything. I was I was just talking about this in a Cell up a so that I did is like, you know kind of coming to that place of acceptance like really I think it just takes Time I think it takes like understanding and knowledge and like you said we you might roll your eyes now, but there's definitely there really is this beauty to this journey that I mean you it's unspoken. You can't even put it into words really and like you said, especially when you connect with other people it's like real recognizes real and you know, like these people are coming from the same place that I am and they get it right. Yes and to piggyback off of that. I think that goes back back to just stressing the importance of finding your people and you know, we were talking about prior. I I still have a hard time finding people specific to with the same specific type of cases that my children have right because that's very odd and that one child with autism you've met one. So but as we reference like feelings are Universal so find the people that feel the most right and the most real and run towards others them and I don't care if it's one person. And share your story and I know you know my Liberation came from sharing in a very big big public way, but I think the reason it was well-received is because I was sharing from scars versus open wounds like when my wounds and my grief was like pouring out if I would have just hopped online right then I think that it would have been a different feel right because it was more of a cry for help instead of using my experience to help others. And so when you're in the pit of it and you're not ready to bring it to the masses find that person find a therapist my if I don't care if you have to find an empty Instagram account, you know find a space to share yourself in the most authentic real way possible like get familiar with grief get familiar with your feelings and don't shame yourself for any of it. Just let it out into a space whether it's on a stage or a page just let it out and I think that's that practice and just kind of Adding in my inner circle was then able to widen my circle as things started to heal and then that's how you're able to help people later on. Oh my gosh, Stephanie. You need to write a book. Listen, it is it is been I think I wanted to write a book since I was 7 and my mom brought home one of those big issues a teacher brought home has a big Macintosh computers. You remember those? That's the borrow it from the summer and I said, I'm going to write a book so it's been a long time coming. So we'll stay tuned for that one. Oh my God. God like write a book you need to like have a like inspirational TV series. Like I just I need it all for real. I love I love what you said about coming from a place of scars supposed to open wounds because I do feel like for so long in this journey. It seems like we are like an open wound. We're just like bleeding and like you said like eventually it does come to a place of healing and it might not be the way that you thought it would but it's like yeah. You're able to kind of look back and then you see like, oh, I really have healed on this journey. Yes, and I think like what I stop and do now when I'm in the middle of something that feels really heavy and strong is say what are you here to teach me because some like there's something going on this this problem or trial or tribulation is here to teach me something and so if I have a really Keen Eye I will be able to figure that out. Maybe not in the moment maybe after the Fact and you know that's not to say you have to walk through without fear but leading with that vulnerability is just that connective tissue and it's hard. Like I always like to say like my circumstances have not changed. My husband still has a really bad heart. We're writing his current heart out as long as we can before he needs a transplant because transplants only last 15 to 20 years is what we put in his case that he is. 434 so 50 is not good enough, right? So we still live in a limbo there. So that circumstance has not changed. My children has autism will always be there. I will always have some level of just you know, fighting through my past but my perspective has changed and that's where the power lies and so, you know, I'm not confident that there's not more pain ahead for me in life, but I'm confident of the overcoming of the Redemption side of it. Oh my gosh. Just like preach it to me girl. I love that. You've taken me to church today. Well, I could just listen to you talk all day. Thank you so much for for coming on and just for sharing your story. So openly and just all these little Pearls of Wisdom. They I know I've learned so much listening to you. Can you share where people can connect with you and find you? Yes, so you can find me on Tinkles her pants. That is the same for my blog. It still goes our pants.com and then all of my Instagram which is Instagram and Facebook, excuse me are both at Tinkles her pants. So yeah, come laugh cry and leak with me and just keep it real. I still every time I hear it. I can't help it like Google and in the best way possible. Well, I thought about putting on my business cards like she traded her pretending for a panty liner, but you know, it was just we'll just let it be metaphorical and it's Just Tinkles our pants and you look it made us giggle today. So they're served it served its purpose already. Oh my gosh it totally it absolutely does. Well. Thank you so so much Stephanie. It's been such a joy to chat with you. You take care. You too, bye-bye for you the listeners of Adventures and autism podcast audible is offering a free audiobook download with a free 30-day trial to give you the opportunity to check out their service. I often get asked for book recommendations. Actions related to autism and one that I always go back to is call the out-of-sync child by Carol. Khurana wits and it was actually recommended to me by a friend who is also an OT and I read this book years ago before Logan was even diagnosed. It's not necessarily just for autism. It also goes into like sensory processing disorder or ADHD, but it's just very valuable information and a really great resource that I still pulled from today, even though I read it years ago. So that's a really Lee good one sometimes just to get my mind off things. I also just enjoy good old Chiclet. I love anything by Emily giffen like something borrowed or something blue. And those are available on Audible as well. But you can pick from any of their titles. So to download your free audiobook today go to audibletrial.com/preneurcast and autism all one word. Again, that's audible trial.com adventures and autism for your free audiobook. Okay. Well, I hope you enjoyed listening to my conversation with Stephanie. Isn't she just amazing? I told you guys she just blew me away with everything. She had to share all her little Pearls of Wisdom. Honestly, I just I'm so thankful that that she came on on the podcast to just share all this and that she continues to share so openly on her blog and her social media. You definitely want to follow her. She's just she's the best. She's so honest and so open and just fun. I'm so glad that we connect it. So if you'd like to connect with me, you can find me on Facebook at adventures and autism podcast or on Instagram adventures and autism pod, or you can email me at adventures in autism 2018 at yahoo.com again, I love to hear from you guys. I love getting feedback or if you have a question about the show if You'd like to be on the show. If you'd like to share your story. Please send me an email with a little bit of backstory a little bit of background on you and your family. I would love to hear and that is all for today. But again, thank you so much for listening. Lots of great episodes to come and until next time. Take care.