Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others before we unpack the ramifications of her crimes. Let's go back to the morning of March 5th 1991 just as Beverly arrived for her shift. 22-year Old Beverly allit parked her car in the lot at Grantham and cast even hospital. She gathered her belongings and watched as children passed down the residential street riding their bicycles and laughing the days were getting longer and warmer here in Lincolnshire, especially on this March day inside. She buttoned up her scrubs secured her bag in the hospital lockers and washed her hands before beginning her shift, Bev. It was only a few weeks into her job as a nurse in the children's Ward at Grantham also known as Ward 4 for Beverly. This was just another day of taking pulses treating breaks and wounds and administering medication to the young patients admitted to Ward 4. But around 2 p.m. That afternoon a young boy was wheeled into the children's Wing after suffering from a rather serious condition 11 year old Timothy Hardwick who'd been formally diagnosed with cerebral palsy was admitted to grant them and cast even hospital that day Timothy was at school when he began experiencing violent epileptic seizures, his teachers rushed him to the hospital once admitted to Ward for Timothy continued to Perience these convulsions but after receiving excellent treatment from the hospital's Top Doctors. Timothy was stabilized three hours later. He was conscious and responsive doctors insisted the boy remain under their supervision for the next few hours to ensure that the seizures didn't return during this time. Beverly allit was assigned to look after eleven year old Timothy. Al it promised Timothy's parents Robert and Helen that she would watch over the boy with great caution the distressed couple trusted the sweet-faced woman who had already been so kind and gentle with their son a lad insisted that the boy could use some rest and convinced Timothy's parents to leave him for some time. They complied feeling confident that he was in good hands after all the doctors had just assured them. He was making Good progress. He should be able to return home soon. But once Timothy was alone with allit his condition began to change drastically around 6:30 p.m. A lit frantically exited Timothy's room calling through the halls for help. The boy was fading she needed them to come quickly. The resuscitation team hurried to Timothy's aid, but when they entered they found Timothy lying still on the bed blue in the face with no pulse to be found a pediatric specialist was called to try and revive the patient but nothing could be done. Timothy Hardwick was gone and nobody paid much attention to the 22 year old nurse who was assigned to his care. Timothy's parents were of course devastated an autopsy was later performed to find the exact cause of the young boy's death, but failed to provide any additional evidence doctors blamed Timothy's untimely death on his cerebral palsy and epileptic seizures. But this was the second young death to happen on the hospital's watch in the last two weeks. First the death of 7 week old Liam Taylor and Now 11 year old Timothy Hardwick to patients who were left in allots care. And yet no red flags were raised by the nurse just yet her Killing Spree had only just begun. Coming up will unpack the ramifications and possible motivations for Beverly allots extremely disturbing crimes now back to the story on Tuesday, March 5th. 1991 22 year old Beverly allit claimed her second victim 11 year-old Timothy Hardwick. The boy was under her Care at the Grantham and cast even Hospital in Lincolnshire England At first. She walked away from these murders. Scott free but when her list of victims grew larger it simply became too hard for her to hide only three days after Timothy Hardwick's murder Al it felt the need to kill again this time. Her victim was one-year-old Kaylee Desmond who had been admitted to the hospital with a chest infection doctors assured the girl's parents that her health was improving but after five days, John Ward for with nurse Outlet on March 8 Kaylee went into cardiac arrest the resuscitation team was able to revive Kaylee and transferred her to another hospital the young girl managed to survive on March 20th, 1991 five-month-old Paul Crampton was admitted to the ward after a bronchial infection. Paul was also tended to by nurse allit who once again went crying. Through the Halls seeking help after Paul had gone into shock this time doctors found excessive amounts of insulin in the boys system, which caused him to fall in and out of near Comas. Luckily for young Paul. He also managed to survive in April of 1991 Alat managed to claim the lives of two month old Becky Phillips who died of insulin overdose as well as one-year-old Claire Peck. check who died from cardiac arrest Now allots connection to these patients over the last fifty nine days was too obvious to ignore investigators began to look into allots documented activities and found missing daily nursing logs from the hospital archives suspicions were also raised over allots easy access to hospital drugs. She also happened to be the only nurse on duty when each of the children was attacked but soon even more Emanating details resurfaced from allots past as a young child. Alec was known to go to Great Lengths to gain attention for herself. She would often wear bandages or casts over unexplained an unexamined wounds and injuries. She even had her appendix removed despite her doctors insisting. She was fine. She spent days away from school and in hospitals receiving medical attention for a variety of ailments that didn't seem to exist background checks later done by the police showed that Al it might have been suffering from childhood factitious disorder previously called Munchausen Syndrome patients suffering from factitious disorder gained attention by either feigning illness or self-harming to induce illness or injury. This syndrome might be brought on by childhood trauma like neglect abuse or other unsolved issues with their parents or caretakers. Sometimes when factitious disorder goes untreated it can evolve into factitious disorder imposed on another. Some of allots fellow co-workers agreed that her behavior at times seemed extremely odd and they should have been paying closer attention to the issue. For example one unnamed former coworker mentioned that palette claims. She was attacked by a poltergeist who's stuck knives in her pillows and set her bathroom on fire in a separate incident. The police came to Alan's home to investigate a reported kitchen fire when they arrived they found what appeared to be human feces stored in the refrigerator as the murder investigation continued police found lethal levels of insulin in some of the victims along with puncture marks where Allen had made the injection. She was believed to have cut off oxygen from her other victims by smothering them or tampering with their machines and by the summer of 1991 the police finally had enough information to arrest allit for her crimes. Al it was found guilty in 1993 of murdering four children attempting to murder three more and causing serious bodily harm to another six during her trial a lot developed a case of severe anorexia nervosa, which only further spoke to her psychological struggles after she was convicted allit was incarcerated at a high-security mental health facility called rampton secure Hospital. Oil in Nottinghamshire England she remains there to this day where she'll continue to serve 13 life sentences for the pain and suffering of those Lincolnshire families. Thanks for listening to today and True Crime. I'm Vanessa Richardson. For more information on the murders of the killer caregiver. Check out our episodes of serial killers for a two-part in-depth Narrative of Beverly allots crimes today in True Crime is a par cast original you can find more episodes of today and True Crime and all other podcast Originals for free on Spotify. Not only to Spotify already have all of your favorite music. Now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite podcast Originals like today and True Crime for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream today and True Crime on Spotify just open the app and type today and true crime in the search bar at par cast were grateful for you our listeners. You will allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network will be be back with a brand new episode tomorrow in True Crime. Today and True Crime was created by Max coupler and is a par cast Studios original. It is executive produced by Max Cutler sound design by Andy weights with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden and Aaron Larson this episode of today and True Crime was written by Lori Gottlieb with writing assistance by Abigail Cannon. I'm Vanessa Richardson.