Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining.So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really appreciate it follow us on the Twitter. @b F MD podcast, that's the social that we hit on the most there before we get into baseball. Can we talk some curling? The Breyer? The Bear Team Saskatchewan is killing it team Saskatchewan made Barstool Sports. Yeah. They did that shot that Matt Dunne Stone pulled off with the hammer scoring 3 and up winning the game. Did he score? 3-2 the score 4-3 to win. Yeah, like huge shot crazy good judgment saying shots this weekend. You're the big. Sorry. You're the big curler here Justin. Yeah, it was it was looking like like tiebreaker City. You're going into today's action, but it all kind of figured itself out. So I know our friend of the Show Devon who has been tweeting out a bunch of Briar stuff. He's a big curling guy who's going to be there for the for the for the final weekend you were coming up. So I've been following his Twitter feed during the day but ya know the boys from sassy they're tied for first in their pool right now. They're playing on6 Yukon tonight. So let's see if we can finish up the pool play and qualify for the championship pool. I feel bad for UConn. I can't remember the last time they were good at curling in the Briar never. I don't know if you con has ever won a curling game them in Nunavut since Nunavut got a team and the bride. I don't think they'll ever want to game. Hmm. The woman's Nunavut team actually won a couple of games this year. Yeah. I saw that every team at the Scotties want to game. Well, it's just good. The weird thing about curling is you don't have to actually be from the province or curling for like Steve leacock. Who was the skip for Saskatchewan in 2018. He's the skip 4 BC. This year is the fourth it just matters where you're curling out of what Square U curling on so the The curling Canada works three of your players must reside in the province. They're killing for then you can have one out of profits like import playing T1 ringer kind of yeah. So like Steve lacox there ringer on that PC team. I hate that. I don't like it either. So again, you don't have to be from there. You just have to live here your residents. It's like out of so there was a game between Canada Kevin Kelly's ranked by the Calgary to Saskatchewan, by the way. Yeah those last night but like in that game five players were born in Manitoba. Tours in Saskatchewan and one was born in Ontario. So they were no players on the on either of those teams. Well, there's no Alberta players. No Alberta born players on that team because Kevin Cooney is from Ontario. We lived in the territories growing up and then been Hebert on his team is from Saskatchewan. And then I many done Stones team raided Moscow is the only Saskatchewan guy on that team and the other three are all Manitoba because that's where done stones from so it's just way it is. That's where they live now. They're in Saskatchewan. There's all that matters. No one knows anyone who you just said by the way, everyone is just like yeah, we could have just gone with the I've played against against some of those guys before see if your Fringe curler though in Manitoba. Keep finishing third one. Just moved to the Yukon. Wow, it's represent Yukon River in the Yukon though, man. Don't trip the Yukon Yukons, beautiful. I mean, yeah, but It's the Yukon we're going to get some angry emails. I love you come that's where all the 12 people who live there. How is Nova Scotia doing in the Briar rather way Patrick that was Scotia has already been eliminated. They went they went three and four Brad Jacobs rink there Northern Ontario snuck in with the foreign three record, Jamie Murphy obviously balanced not really that much of a surprise. If you look at all the teams that did Advanced ahead of them. Yeah are some good MC you got bread and botcher grad goo shoe brands Jacobs and then gambling food. Yeah. I was just gonna stay at a Manitoba. Yeah, they're pretty good. But actually I have to say as someone who's a casual curling thin. I actually really dislike the way that the The Briar handles this player residency and whether or not they can represent a different product prior. It's clearly Canada. Whatever it is. I'll create some kind of device. Not just I think it's I think it's horseshit because there are so much like there's I don't think there's anybody from Prince Edward Island playing for team Prince Edward Island this year there. It's all people who like live there, but they're not real they haven't lived. For you know that long a period and it's just I think it's stupid. I think you should have to live in that Province for a minimum of 10 consecutive years in order to be able to compete and I understand there are some provinces that are known for being great at curling like Manitoba. Obviously bird, they Alberta Ontario just because of population. I think it's bullshit. I think you should have to live in one area. For a minimum of 10 consecutive years and then you qualify to be on team Alberta or whatever and if they don't want to do it that way, I think they should just abolish the fact that it's provincial names then because it I feel like it dilutes away from you know representation of your Province if there's just a bunch of All-Star curlers from around Canada just parachuting their way into different provinces. I think it's it's dumb. Well you can make Could also make the argument then that everyone for the Toronto Blue Jay should be from Toronto now, that's not what I'm arguing though. This is a the Breyer has always been in all of its years of existence. It's prided itself on here are all the different provinces having representation with their curlers, but most of the curlers aren't actually from where they're supposed to be from or they're just living there, you know, if they wanted they could just take a super team and move them up to the Yukon. For a couple years and then you know if I ever win the 50 million dollar lottery. I'm just going to pay a bunch of guys ten million dollars to hang out in the Yukon long enough so they can go when the Breyer like, it's just it's good. I think it's good with that's what you do with that money. So horrible way to spend your lottery win. My point is I'd rather I want to destroy the idea of the Briar from the ground up and that means by creating a super team and putting it somewhere that never Ends at curling ever that way. They can just sort of I can prove my point that this system is busted and I also don't like the fact that there's a Northern Ontario team and a wild card team and A Team Canada. There should just be all this one team for every Province. No Team Canada, you got to compete you have to be from that area. You have to have lived there for X number of years. Maybe 10 is too Draconian, but maybe something like five years and then that way it's like you're a Actually from that place instead of like oh well, I'm Jeff Stone. I'm just going to move to a b c and b the skip 4 BC or whatever. It's I don't like it. I don't like it. I can trigger it over here at Suffolk some baseball one leg. One thing before we go. Hey Patrick, how many curling rocks would be throwing your life less than 10? Okay, so I don't want to see your opinions not valid but it kind of isn't somebody who's throwing a lot of color Graphics. I don't I don't Very honey. First of all, I promise is very much disagree with you, but we don't have time to get into that. It's a rule for smaller provinces. So that Pei does have a chance they can actually feel the team. It just sucks that no one wants to play for you we can do we can debate the Briar later on but not on the mic. Yeah baseball, let's go before we get to some J stuff and a nice little addition of what if by the way and we'll look at the Jays who are killing it so far in the first little bit of spring training some news from the rest of Major League Baseball here specifically the Yankees, they're hurting like they got a lot of guys that are going to be out for opening day the big the big to Aaron judge and Giancarlo Stanton Aaron judge might play he's doubtful but that usually means is going to miss it stands out until mid-april, but that's just the start because James Paxton he's going to miss the start of the Year. Severino's going to miss like the whole year. Aaron Hicks is going to be out till June July like they're they're missing some big pieces. Yeah, and you throw in the whole Red Sox thing with their manager being fired trading Mookie Betts and David Price. The Orioles are shit. All of this is kind of leading up to maybe just maybe the Jays being like okay in the alley you're feeling with the Tampa Bay Rays though. I know I know and also those it's funny that you mentioned like just maybe but it was funny. There was I think as a tweet might have been from Andrew Stone and somebody on Twitter last night was talking about like all Yankees have all these injuries, which is going to make it even more infuriating when they still want a hundred ten games Patrick you read anything in the into these Yankee injuries. You think it's going to be a big factor for the Jays or is it just kind of whatever? I don't see how you could argue against the fact that it's going to make a difference. I mean, I don't know how many times they play the Yankees in the first month of the season. It's at least three because I know there is early on in April. I think it's April 4th or 2nd 4th and 5th, they play them and I only know that because my birthday is on the 7th hint hint guys get me a present we won't but No, I mean it's going to have a very very small impact on the Jays. But you know the worst the Yankees do for the first month of the Season. It does open up the door for the Jason maybe if they're able to be successful and beat up on the Red Sox beat up on the Yankees and you know beat up on some of these other teams that they play early in the year before the shake Birds. Yep the shit. Well, we don't play the shit Birds until April 24, those are guaranteed wins though. Yes. They are. We do play three games against the Reds which are going to be tough. Those are at the end of March and early April and then we play a couple games against Phillies few games against Royals, which should be easy wins. But then we do those are not going to be easy wins. We play the Rays we play a lot of Red Sox games the first two months so I mean, I'm not saying that magically this team is going to go out there and you know run the table for the first month, but if we can exit April with you know be three or four games above 500. I think it does bode well for the rest of the season, especially the further back the Yankees compete the start of the year, you know, it makes their mid to late season push that they always seem to have maybe a little more palatable. So you're telling me there's a chance. Yes, baby. Yeah, I'm not looking too much into this the Yankees have had injury problems with the last two years, especially with Stanton and and even judge and they always just find a way to win. They're one of those teams that will pull a guy like Geo or shella. I don't know where former Jays Castaway legendary Geo or shella and make him into some sort of power hitting God. I still don't see the Yankees like slipping. I think Tampa Bay maybe this opens the door for them. Overtake the Yankees for first at least to begin the year, but I really don't see any with the Yankees don't finish at least second in this division still if you have a healthy and good Bullpen, it makes up for a long time of injury sustained. So if your rotation and your lineup they start to get the injury bug your Bullpen can make up for a lot of that because a strong bull Panama you can yeah in Pitch sketchy starting it's your guys for five innings and then just go to your strong though. We saw last season that the Jays Bullpen at Star the other guys like Giglio got worked a ton and Struggled a lot later in the season so that could be a factor. Especially those Yankees team planning a deep playoff run if they have to work these Bullpen guys hard throughout the season that does hurt their chances the longer the longer that goes on so that they're going to need to find some starter depth. It's the same issue the Red Sox have there's they have like two starting pitchers right now because price is gone sales gonna miss the start of the season and then there's don't really have anybody else. So there's a lot of questions and rotations in the AL East right now the Jays and the You have a pay raise believe or not may have the most stable rotations and baseball are in the in the East and tap elects to use the opener. So we'll see how that goes. One last bit of news here Christian Yelich nine years 215 million dollars with Milwaukee. Good guy great guy. No, I'm personally super nice. Never talk to him down Roxanne. Let's tweet of all time Christian Yelich great player generational type player. I thought it was going to be more. Yeah, it's hassles and contracts are getting you know, it kind of reminds. Me of like the Vernon Wells Alex Rios deals from back in the day where it's like OK they're big but they're not like crazy big but you think it's like what was Trout's deal ten years 330 or stack that so whereas Yelich is a year less and a hundred million less. Yeah. He's getting 10 million or a hundred million dollars less than Mike Trout, but he's not obviously he isn't my truck, but he just wanted a VP award and he's he what he may have one last years MVP to had. He not gotten hurt the Jays don't really do this a lot Patrick, but would you like it if they signed like some of their homegrown talent to like In tenure deals, like Mega deals like this one. It's really it's just going to come down to Player Development. I know that's like a boring answer but I could see Bo bichette being a career J. It be they probably will throw enough money at him that he's not going to want to leave and especially if they see some success in the postseason before those guys all finish up their arbitration years. I know that's exciting because that means it's like six years away or something like that, but You know with all these injuries going on in the a least. I do think Toronto has a better chance to have a slightly a very slightly better record and the idea of making the playoffs Now is really exciting. So, I don't know maybe the window is starting open for this team and maybe we will see the team commits a lot of money to big stars. Yeah. No, I'm with you there. I like the fact that teams are starting to do this. We saw the White Sox do it with a couple of their players Luiz robear and I believe they did it with LA him and his as well send them to to deals that kind of override the need to manipulate service time. So I was kinda hoping they would do something like that with with bow and Vlad but I don't know if they will maybe with a piercing will see something like that maybe after this season if he does pitch well from a player standpoint if I got one of these contracts and my team Manipulate my service time you're saying I would play my ass off for that team though. Yeah, I think that's such a good move to do like like these managers and these high rep execs are thinking only I will manipulate this manipulate that well baseball players have feelings too like their people and they're gonna be like since what the hell you don't want to pay me because of this stupid frickin rule like I'm out here busting my ass for you guys risking my body and you guys really can't shell out a couple extra million dollars when already paying everyone in millions of Dollars, like I think this would make guys play harder for the squad if more deals like those White Sox deals happen because they'd be like, hey, I appreciate the kind gesture. I'm going to try and repay you by hitting bombs sure, but that's how I'd see it if I was a player and then if they fuck me around on the DL, I'd be like well screw you guys like I don't want to fucking play for a guy who's beaten the system and paying me less like but I don't know. I may be that's going to be more of a thing now to those these kind of mini Mega deals. I guess like the not 300 You know, so I think even sound like a like a five-year like 70 million dollar. Yeah, right like those That's a classic Jays contract right there five years 70 mil for someone. Who's not that good. Classic Jane that you Randal grichuk in it you Troy glaus for years and 44-42. Forget your son like that. Yeah. Yeah for Randal grichuk ten million dollars a year for is it hasn't even started yet season hasn't even started yet already harping on grich Daddy. It's never too late or too early. Never too late. Good one good one, that's what you get for chirping Randal grichuk. You get embarrassed. It's early, huh? It's early still. Yeah, I know. That's what you said. It's never too late. Yeah, so I called you last spring training. Let's talk about some of the results some of the games because the Jays have been having a pretty good spring training before we get into it Justin. I'll lead with you here. Sure. Are you raising your expectations based on our performance at spring training? Are you still just like it's spring training this this means nothing when I watch spring training baseball. I look for players to open my eyes like surprising moments kind of moments that are like, okay. This guy does have a chance at doing something productive. If I see guys playing poorly in in spring training and guys like Travis Shaw or even boa shut does not have a great spring training average so far. I don't put too much stock into it. It's guys that come out and have a great spring that that impressed me because it means that yeah, they obviously put in some I work throughout the offseason guys like Danny Johnson will talk about in a minute ride to Les so many great spring training. I look for guys to have like, I would Standing Springs because that makes me believe that yeah, they came ready to Camp the ready to go. And those are the guys that I ultimately would like making the team more often as the guys who come in ready to play not the guys who come in and like oh, yeah. I have a guaranteed roster spot. I just need to show up Patrick. What about you? Are you reading into this spring training successors successor know? I think it there are some parts of it which are better indicators than others. For example, I don't know that it means a hell of a lot if Chase Anderson has one bad performance or two bad performances, but if someone like shun Yamaguchi or Anthony K has two or three bad performances, it definitely impacts their potential. Position as a starter in the future. So for some it means more for some it means less for guys like Danny Jansen who struggled last year at the plate. It's really good to see him, you know Come Out Swinging and maybe that's just me trying to see things through rose-colored glasses is like look at the positive stuff that emphasize that and pretend that you know, some of our starters are looking really bad pretending that Not actually happening. I don't know. It's spring training moral of the story. Nothing that happens right now is going to matter like preseason football. It's just it's just kind of I remember the one near the Detroit Lions went for and oh and the preseason everyone was like hope is every day that you're here comes at a true here come the Detroit Lions. They went Owen 16. Yeah like Calvin Johnson. That was his rookie year, I believe he was a monster in the preseason because no one could cover him. He was a monster all your to Bradley the rest of the team. Yeah, but in pre-season he's going up against for stream DBS lighten them up. And like geez, yeah, so never never read too much into this. Let's get to some games from last week that Jays Twins game the one that ended in a tie. It was a real interesting game because we had real on the mound. He looked okay, but the Twins lineup is so good. That's a thing. So looking okay is actually pretty good against them Reese McGuire look good though. It's popping his back home run. You guys can make your crease McGuire jokes if you want to but you guys been here. I'm not going to make any but now let's move on to Kevin Smith. How about Kevin Smith? Two-run single we're guys. Where's Kevin Smith that in the grand scheme of things starting a double-a for sure. He struggled last season. So he's gonna start worries where he struggled and prove that he can move up to AAA. Hmm. I would I wouldn't mind putting him in Tripoli to start and if he struggles them down until I get my show like 220 and double-a he eats and he struck out like way too much. He's got to pitch he's got played up late again. Huh? One more fall into is another underrated guy though one inning pitch to case. Yeah. No, he's looking like a solid minute. Winnings relief guy who we want me what we shouldn't need him to open games this year. Yes. So he's gonna slap back into a regular Bullpen role and that's probably hopefully a good spot Mammoth. Hello leverage situations. He just looks good. He looks like his control is really throw strikes. Yeah, like he like last year. He was known for throwing strikes and his control but this year it looks even better. They just like you look at the catcher. They're not moving know. He's hitting his spots. Yeah and comes in and throw strikes. That's what you want from the bullpen. Guess he gets his stuff a little bit better. He could be a pretty valuable asset but AB sometimes he's leaving muffins though. That Jays Tigers game T Oscar look great. The Jason General look good there Anthony K looked really good. Now, he was my big prediction before spring training started to be the wild card. And from what I saw in that game. It was like, okay see glimpses of a guy who could be a number five starter. Yeah, but he is inconsistent then you look at what we'll talk about today is I know but like he's just he's so inconsistent. Yeah, that's it. It's like an AJ Burnett, you know, like he's got flashes of just like, holy shit. This guy's good and I just like Hall of Fame Talent. And you got to put it all together, but the thing is he's only 24. Hope he's got time to put it all together. What did you think that Jays Tigers game though? Other than T Oscar and Anthony K. Who'd you have your eye on there Patrick Santiago? Espan ol 1 for 3 with an RBI. He is continuing to make a very strong case to be on that 25 or 26 man. Sorry roster. I know we've talked about this before and how it's probably going to be panic, but I think Aspen always made a great case. And he's got he's got the bat does he have what it takes in the field though? Because we're going to need him to eat up some you know middle infield Innings when you know, our big boys need the rest. So I want to see more Espen all and I really do hope he sticks with fake Club why just pack looked very inconsistent just like Anthony K in that game to for walks, you know, like yeah, you know how many hits but he had for walks and like he had a good start to the spring as well. It's uh, Some guys have a good start and you expect a lot from them for the rest of spring and they have one bad showing like that. It wasn't bad. But for walks in an inning and a third it's like come on buddy. Like again some of these Jays pitchers. They just got to put it all together. And that's the thing. They're not doing right now. They're not putting it all together. They have so much talent, but they can't put it all together that Phillies game where Danny Jansen hit a home run and we got more on Donnie Danny Jansen in a bit, you know more on everyone. It seems like every person we've been saying this episode more on him in a bit more. On him in a bit. But again, he struggled last year Patrick and now he's actually it looks like he's going to put his troubles behind a I would agree, but I want to throw it back to you being the former catcher yourself. Do you think Danny jansen's defensive prowess overrides whatever performance he may end up having at the plate this year. Oh, yeah. Yeah when it comes to being a catcher, I mean you can take your catchers average and RBIs and all that stuff. You can take a hit with it if he's a good Defender. Yeah, you you can be like, okay. We need a good defensive catcher. We need someone who we can trust calling. Game, yeah, if that means a few struggles at the plate, whatever that's where your bad knee through You're Gonna Save way more runs as a great defensive Catcher by blocking balls in the dirt on his own the based on bases calling a game than you ever will by hitting home runs with Matt. Well, that's why when Russell Martin was struggling a few years ago. Yeah. It wasn't like everyone was like get this guy out of town some guys were but it was like man this guy so valuable do I pictures? I don't know who wrote it by the way, but someone from I don't know if it was cheese. Journal someone wrote that we should sign Russell Martin III didn't read the article because I didn't want to give clickbait a read. Look. I love everyone who's very passionate about the Jays and doing what we do doing a podcast right and whatever but that was that was his bad take come on his big take was well, he was great with Ryu and for the Dodgers like when they when they were when they were together Ryu stats were really good here for one year, but also to Russell's not going to be cheap because he's got the veteran minimum. You've got so many cheaper option. For a third string catcher just to catch for one guy. I know it's our Ace, but I was like that's a little bit of reach but at the same time to be fair, it's spring training. Yeah, so but he looked okay there Sammy G Jordan Romano. Okay, but this Yamaguchi guy that we kind of hyped up before the season Justin. He's not really, uh, he's not really panned out so far. It's fine spring training. You mentioned before doesn't matter if spring training really doesn't matter then this Pirates game. Thank goodness. Because yeah, Now the Jays look bad like this was the first game where the Jays truly looked really bad in Spring TJ's a week again. Inconsistencies, right Patrick. I mean you really like zoi cure. He's your boy, but you gotta admit he's been pretty inconsistent. Yeah, I don't know what to think now because with all these starters trying to compete for that fifth spot in the rotation. It's almost like I mean, it's anybody's game because you know between Anthony K Chase Anderson TJ soy ink, none of them if look particularly good Jacob waguespack has control issues. I think would be if you know polite way to put it so with all these guys not, you know standing out it kind of opens up the Or for certain other pitcher who appeared in that very same game his name rhymes with great Fierce and boo that was big you always use the schmear sin. If you're doing the rhyming game you put the ashrama in front of the last part of the word. I'm glad you guys let that dead Air Hang know so I could just I felt you had to just marinate in that one. We had to let our marinade because that was cool. But he look great again throwing it out there two innings pitched three case. No hits a lot of people are saying that this neat Pearson guy like players from the other team were like man. It's got a horse like this guy's freaking oppressive. Yeah. It's really cool when you got a team saying that stuff so and then we played the Pirates. Well our other team this lousy split Squad game, right? Yeah, we played the Pirates and that team look good for nothing that Shoemaker 2 and 2/3 5K is only one hit he's killing it. He's like I think again even last year when we signed him. I was like, I don't know what man Schumaker but man. He's proving me wrong. It's proving every don't want to tell you guys but I believe I said about you being here is going to be great for us last season and unfortunately injuries slow that down I did I'm not going to say anything about telling you so but me as my dad would say even a blind squirrel finds a nut every once in a while. Yeah, it's my it's my dad's favorite. Of all time. Yeah, that's got to Mike Kroeger. That is a really good dad. Say the broken clock is right twice a day and that's one get one too. That's another one. But that gives you credit for two things. Not just one. That's true. Yeah, Danny Gans and hit a bomb in that one grich. Daddy. Sweet RBI walk. I know I I say taking walks is always a highlight to pump up grich man. It's time you can boost it on base percentage just a little bit above the average. It's a highlight of pump them up a little bit but Shoemaker, Strength or deny again. We'll get to kind of those guys that a bit here again classic. We got 17 guys to get to in a bit. But before we get to that that last game where Anthony K we kind of to it. He looked bad want four guys just like well, I just one-third of an inning not good like not good again. It's think it's inconsistencies. And he said after the game that his fastball was just it wasn't tailing right flat just flat. So again, if you think fastball just straight right leave you play MVP baseball your pleasure to see that's a four-seam exactly, you know, but like you Want your fastball to have a little bit of a Telltale. That's who seemed action especially for a lefty, but he's got to figure it out. He will he will but bowl bichette look good Anthony Alfred look good while just pack look good. Basically the only bad thing about that game. We lost but Anthony K now, that was only bad thing about did you see anything else in that game today Patrick that with any any red flags or I'm gonna toss it over to Justin. I think you already know what he's going to say, but you go first. But yeah, I mean Patrick Murphy didn't look great, but I don't think he was ever expected to make the A little spring training. He's a Triple-A. Buffalo guy. Most likely maybe even starting a double-a where he finished last year. Yeah. I'm a big Patrick Murphy guy. I think he's going to be a good like number four number five guy for a long time in the big leagues whether or not it's with us or not. We may trade him for out Fielding help perhaps, but I do believe that he'll be solved in the minors first this year you had to fix his delivery last year. I've talked about it a few times you had no legal delivery that the Marley Baseball umpires association association. Ation cracked down on him for so with the change that I would have for the season. So we'll see what he does this year. It's all I got. Yep, that makes sense. But Jacob waguespack did look good. He pitched two innings today three strikeouts. No runs. So the fuck ups kind of land on Anthony came Patrick Murphy today. I got to ask you guys Anthony Alfred had an amazing first game and then he went completely invisible as to Derek Fisher mostly but then Anthony Alfred stole a base today. Does he have a place on this roster as like the Speedy base stealer or you know is his pathetic batting average just too much of a negative deterrent to keep him off this squad. I think having that hot start was almost bad for him because now people are expecting him to play well and now it's like okay, but he's not that player he over perform that day and everyone's expectations are really high from going into spring already then he Plays like that and he's like, oh, wow, we were right and he's got to keep that going though. Again. It's back to the inconsistencies. Yeah, you know you get yeah, I know baseball you're going to be inconsistent. You can't just bat 500 for the entire year. That's it's very unrealistic, but you got to be a little consistent. You can't be just super inconsistent. And that's what Anthony Alfred and a bunch of guys are doing. Well just pack is getting a lot of work in the spring. I noticed. Yeah, we're getting a little bit. We're giving him a chance to win that fifth spot and be thinking impact guy Bullpen long man, but now we're Lot of innings, we've talked about a lot on this episode. That's what happens at the start of spring though because every pitchers pitch in like one inning when I think we're getting there slowly working their starters and two games giving them my two innings next time through the order they'll start letting the pitch three Innings. Yeah, and then by the end of spring training, they'll be like four or five then turn them loose but ya know we're given these these guys that are not going to make the roster a lot of play which is important to do because their spring training to they still have to go down a Triple-A after this and and penetrate so it's important last thing on the week. That was Jordan. Romano plug two guys today got out of the jam though. Yeah, surely guide giving me hits. So do you care about Jordan Romano though? I love the guy. Yeah, he's Canadian. I think he throws hard. He's got a good chance to be the seventh or eighth inning guy for us. What about you Patrick? Are you like Dia care about Jordan Romano at all. Are you kind of following along with them? I kind of see him as whatever but I think he's going to make this team because we need a solid Bullpen arm. Like Justin said seventh eighth inning would be nice. He looked decent last year. He's looked okay so far in spring training. I do think there are other arms that have looked better this spring including Jacob. Why? Just pack as far as Bullpen, but it seems to me not to take things away from Jordan Romano into put them back on waguespack, but it seems to me like they are testing waguespack as a long reliever / middle reliever of sorts in these games and all of his appearances. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it's sort of I'm getting the sense that he's definitely going to be a bullpen arm and he's going to be somebody who is going to Log, you know a hundred Innings this season. It's interesting because we have that 3 battery minimum rule this year now, right so you can't just bring a picture in to face one guy unless the inning ends. So we might see more teams go with like quote unquote long relievers that committee pitch two innings at a time, right? Yeah. That way you're not having to burn as many pictures and think of that that's a good point. So to me seeing waguespack getting so many innings this spring that almost indicates to me that that might be his his role in the team. Yeah, you gotten relief to go. So we really want to look into here kind of our who's hot during spring training segments. Danny Jansen and Trent Thornton those two guys. They I think they've already been our two best players in the spring Danny Johnson, especially this past week. Let's just run through the stats here five hits two of them bombs. He's got five RBIs and three walks. Yeah. So we've shown some patients to that's at the plate. He's heading 556 and on base of 667. He's got a new approach at the plate. Yeah. I read. Yeah so him Anthony Alfred worked out with Ryan brookies dad all winter. All right brookies. Dad was a minor Leaguer with the Phillies system. I believe back in the day and he's now an independent hitting coach. So he worked with with Danny and Anthony Alfred about really developing a pregame hitting routine because Danny Johnson talked about Keegan Matheson wrote a great piece on yesterday front of the show about how Danny was talking about how he has like a pregame defensive routine a pregame like routine in terms of Calling like calling the game. We work with the pictures, but he didn't have one for hitting so they worked really hard to establish a pregame hitting routine that involves like hitting weighted balls off of a t just really getting in the mindset of making solid contact through the Zone, which is where Denny Jansen did struggle a lot last year. His swing was looking kind of like a you where it should be more like a flat line. Yeah. It was like, it's good have a car. I think I think they're getting him to stand up a little bit taller might remember my Randal grichuk came to Jaden. I was basically like in a squat position. Yeah on the plate are in the batter's box think I have standing up a little bit higher and that's probably will see Danny do this season two. I haven't seen any side-by-side comparisons yet. I'm sure bucking tab. You'll get into it in the season starts, but I'm looking forward to seeing what what Danny's stance looks like compared to last year just to see if he's using his base more he talked about how he wasn't using his legs. He was letting really his his body like his midriff turned towards the ball too early and he wasn't using his his legs to drive his body through the Zone. He's more pull. His hips and your we got to use your front leg that drive leg. So looking forward to see what he'll do. He's doing what he did in the minor leagues, right? Like he was a big walks guy in the minors. Like he walked basically as much as he struck out all through his minor league career and last year we saw him walk, but we didn't see him walk to the level that he did in the minor leagues. He walked more times then he struck out in his minor league career so food for thought there and and last year. He did not do that. That so he struck out like 12% more than he walked. So we'll see what he does this season, but I am looking forward to seeing what has changed his look like in the regular season because yeah, like we just talking about Spring train doesn't matter but to see a guy who struggled this much as we've alluded to come out this hot it's encouraging hmm. Love to see it. Well also too because he's doing something different maybe that's change any needed maybe something just clicks. It's amazing how that one little thing for athletes when it clicks. It's like, holy crap. Just think about like your job, right? When radio you have a pre-show routine. Yeah, you do the say you do the same things every morning to get ready for your show shotgun a couple bows. Exactly. Yeah - lets go. I don't actually do that, but don't call the crtc. Let's fucking party and then you make for me and my job. I do a lot of sales presentations all day. So I have a pre sales call routine where I do this research on the client try to check their website. Look at them on LinkedIn kind of try and get some information I can use to help me. Yeah stock them we get. Yeah. Well exactly what you do in 2020, but it's a pretty it's a routine that I do all the the time and it's made me successful in my career. And so why wouldn't a guy like Danny Johnson who part of his job is hitting not have a routine for it. The other guy Trent Thornton who Patrick your boy you love this boy, you called. Absolutely. You said that your Thornton was gonna have a good spring. I doubted it. I've been at rent Thornton doubter. I'm not sold on him. I don't know why he's looks great discovery and Dave. I just don't know why it's got a bad feeling about him, you know, like some baseball players just get that feeling in your gut if you guys it's grichuk you it's because he has glasses. Yeah, I don't like guys until you like Anthony. Hey, hey, hey, I'll and I'm just like Anthony K but Trent Thornton. What have you seen about them that impresses you so much over his two starts here. Well, I mean, it's it's five innings. So take this all with sort of a grain of salt but he's he's out there doing everything that's been asked of him. He has yet to concede a hit. I think his control is on a much better level and the successful stealing of clay buckles curveball has helped him tremendously. The guy is just he's out there able to control the situation when you know, he does give up a walk or to he's not striking guys out. It's you know, you hate to see it because everybody loves strikeouts, but if he can consistently, you know, get soft contact or easy ground balls and stuff like that for the infield gobble up. You know, maybe trying Thornton is the number five guy. Maybe he is that change of pace number five hitter who you can throw out right before, you know, the next the next game they're going to see Ryu who's got some crazy good stuff. So, I don't know. I'm a little bit worried that he doesn't have enough heat to stay as a starter, but it seems to me like they're giving him the chance like he's going to be the number five starter. And it's already been determined. But I don't know. Well, we'll have to see a little bit more baseball. I think baseball baseball. I do like here for baseball. Yeah baseball has been very very good to me. That's it for who's hot who's not? No, not today because of spring training. We're not going to rag on guys for having bad spring training because it doesn't matter exactly. It's like Whose Line Is It Anyway the points don't matter this last segment here and other what if we're bringing it back we're going to do this a lot this year, but we kind of didn't do it during the off-season. because it's hard doing what ifs in the offseason but Patrick will let you take this away, but All right. Here we go. This week's what if is actually dedicated to you our beloved Clayton Croaker whose Love of All Things Nate Pearson has become more apparent during spring training last week you drew a line in the sand and debated very fervently in favor of Nate Pearson joining the Toronto Blue Jays rotation as soon as possible which definitely ruffled Justin and I who were more interested in seeing him get a little bit of endurance in the minor. Their development. Yeah, I don't do that literally all women in the majors, but he doesn't have a lot of minor league time especially in AAA. I'd like to see him get more but that's not what we're here to talk about. Today. We're going to indulge your deepest fantasy Clayton by playing. What if what if they Pearson is fast-tracked in 2020 to join the Blue Jays rotation. Where does he fit into the scheme? And what are the larger implications that? It has for the season we talked about it early in the episode in a very well-written segment by me talking about how all these other teams are vulnerable in the AL East. So in this what if scenario Nate Pearson joins the team where does he fit into the rotation exactly before we get to Nate himself? I want to set the table of wee bit. You guys feel free to chime in a little bit. Maybe I'm off my rocker. We'll With the number one spot Hong Jin Ryu unquestioned Ace number one. He's going to start opening day. And hopefully we see them every five days for the rest of the season. Are we all on board with that idea? No obvious like a terrible idea, but I think I can handle it. All right. Well, we're gonna palette that one and the number two spot. I don't know it's early but the J seem to have a very high hopes for Tanner Roark. Who's In an inning eating machine the last four seasons, he's had at least 30 starts. I think we can pretty safely assume. He's going to slot in either number two or number three depending on how they want to mix up the rotation if they want to have, you know left you ready lift. You ready? What do you guys think Tanner Roark? I put Shoemaker head of work just because Shoemaker we know we have them later on in the year. You can move Rook to number two, but I think shoemakers proved it, especially the spring that he may have earned the number two spot. Yeah, I would actually agree with that and I think we should create an it's early jar instead of a swear jar because we use that phrase a lot. That's the best thing about spring training though. You can have these wild opinions and just blame it on it. But we say it's really until August. Yeah, that's awesome though. It's a baseball don't take that away from us. It's real early God, but it's great. He's crazy. Yeah, yeah, they're going to fit in there somewhere and after those three pictures it starts to get very interesting. We'll start with Chase Anderson. He was supposed to be one of the five in the rotation. That's why we did what we did to acquire him, but he hasn't looked that great in the spring. I know it's early is his spot. There. It is vulnerable at all. Yes big time. He'll be in the rotation to start the year, but can't do it. Just because we paid you a bunch of money in the offseason doesn't mean you can do whatever the hell you want and to perform we gave you a lot of money because it was we pray you tell them so wasn't that much money, you know, we know what I mean though. I fire him in hopes that he's helping us out. So hopefully he figures it out and starts pitching better, but Is this is this a time where we start putting in our what if predictions here? Well, that's what all these questions are for if it's spot is vulnerable. Then we have a question mark at number four the next spot in the rotation number five Trend Thornton has been lights out so far and grapefruit grapefruit League Play say that five times fast and all signs seem to point to him having a rotation spot, but then there is the native at all. Okay. Where does Nate Pearson fit into this if he is called up is he guaranteed a spot in the rotation? Let's say hypothetically for the sake of this little exercise. He is guaranteed a spot in the rotation. So who's number for who's number five? How does this work? What happens to Anthony K shun Yamaguchi. Jacob waguespack. Do they all still have a shot or is it all moot point at you know, if Nate actually does get the call. So what do you guys think? What if Nate Pearson was chucked into this rotation? What does it mean for the team? It means that the team wants to play a lot of exciting baseball games because with Nate Pearson in the fold, we would have our four most hyped prospects in some time all on the roster at the same time with Beau Cavern and Vlad and then mr. Nate Pearson. It would really signify think to the fans that this team in this order organizational ownership group is committed to putting their best product on the field, which is something that we didn't see this. Last season obviously Vlade did get hurt in spring training, but they weren't going to start with a big team anyway, and in my opinion his defense still isn't Major League ready? So they hos maybe had a point. Yeah. He does a Hos pretty rustic feel to catch the ball to but that's besides the point and that's in the past. If the team does choose to start need Pearson in the rotation. Basically immediately saw the season it would send a message throughout baseball to that. Maybe this team isn't really considering service time. I think anymore. Obviously the same thing happened with Bo Lester here. Also heard himself hit by a pitch broke his hand cavan. They call that but they did call Bow up as soon as he was back and he was even on a slump and AAA what they call them up. So I think after the whole vladi debacle that everyone was criticizing them for they say, okay, maybe we should just like forget service time and just start calling our best players up the argument with Nate Pearson at that we had last week is just because he doesn't have a ton of innings. He's pitched like 120 professional Innings over three seasons. And including one year, he didn't pitch so it's to me I'm still on the fence of like is it important for him to build up his arm, I think it still is but I do want to see him in the big leagues as soon as possible. So I would be I would be ecstatic if he is. But I have a hard time what-iffing him being there because I it just goes against every fiber of my belief that he won't be do you agree though that the narrative surrounding Nate Pearson starting with the Jays maybe not starting but getting the call up after after a few weeks. It's starting to change before spring training. People were like no. No, we got to keep this guy in the farm. A lot of people who thought that you're kind of changing your hundred-mile-an-hour heat will change a lot of people's minds. I know I am still firmly on the AAA and even haven't pitched the full season in AAA train, but you can see how it would be I can see how it would be fun. Yeah, but because we aren't going to finish higher than third place in this division. That's if we can finish in third place. I don't want to see Nate Pearson thrown into a position where he's like, okay. I'm in the big leagues. Now, I have to throw a hundred every time and have them have something happened to his arm. I don't think he'll think that though. I don't think he will but young guys in Adrenaline. Yeah first Big League season pitching against the some of the best teams in the The league it just for me. It seems like I don't want I don't want to say we need to shelter him but we do need him to prove that. He can pitch a hundred 50 Innings this year. See I returned against I think he can do that at the major league level. Everyone's saying we he should build his arm in the minors. Yeah, why can't he build his arm in the major, but I don't can't he be like if not a pitch count, but hey, you know what? You're not going to go past five innings all year. I don't think you're wrong. About him being able to do it in the in the major leagues, but for me, the the point I'm trying to make is what's the rush? Why do we need them this year? If because it'll get him another year of experience. I think that's very valid also burning your service. I don't care about service type this point. I don't care. When when you win a World Series ring. Do you really care about a service time for a few players We're not gonna win a World Series ring this year than ever know buddy. I mean in two or three years, we don't into two or three years when the Jays when all these stars are vets and they have three or four years. The league are you going to remember? Oh, yeah. We kept neat Pearson for a few weeks in the minors for service time, or you can remember. Hey man those thanks were very valuable for him keeping that Pearson the in the minors keeps that window of opportunity before I decided to a deal pass arbitration open for one more year, but maybe he's like, hey, you guys did me a solid and you know what? You paid me early and I'm going to repay it back by maybe giving you a little bit of a fair deal. We'll see but I just I can't see it happening. I love the what if scenario it would be great to see him just from a fan excitement perspective. Like I want to see him pitch more and I'm not able to watch him pitch in Buffalo. But at the same time I want what's best for the long-term career of Nate Pearson, which in my opinion is building him up in AAA at least until July and then bring him up and having them. Let's turn him loose do the five two five two thing in Buffalo like they did in New Hampshire last year and then just turn them loose for the last three months of the season and let it Buck this Is the last thing I will say about it, but when other players on the other team are saying that this guy is for Real then it's spring training and like that doesn't happen too much in baseball where guys are pumping other guys tires on another team happens a bit, you know, because if you can train with a guy I know him pretty well, but after that pirates game, I forget who it was on the Pirates, but they were like belly. Yeah, he was he was like man this guy is I've never seen anything like it like this guys chucking One other guys are saying that it helps in your six six two fifty and it also helps to because like I know that every Jays fan knows Nate Pearson was a big Prospect. Yeah. I don't think the rest of Major League Baseball really has an eight Pearson. They have them on their radar but I don't think the big Baseball fans to be like, oh, yeah this neat Pearson kid. Huge. Awesome Prospect for Jays fans. Yeah. He's the center of our universe for other Baseball fans. They might be like any Pearson. He's their young guy. So I think that like and then for him to come in and completely change everyone's mind now everyone's like this neat Pearson guy for the I just I want to see him improve his secondary stuff when we can blow anybody with that fast, but Major League hitters two times to the order three times to the order in a game. They can time up a hundred miles an hour. Hmm. It's what you can complement it with his changeup isn't there yet? Yeah, it's not the curveball is flat flashes O+ pitch it as does the slider the sliders better than the curveball. I think for him to be a major league star, he needs three pitches and I think one of those pictures has to be a good changeup. Yeah, if you're throwing a hundred or 98 the whole game and your change of is like 90, that's still huge. Yeah, when you have what a batter has like less than point three seconds to decide who's going to swing or not a change in ten miles an hour is huge in that like time Gap from being late or being early. I still think that he can build up his arm in the majors, but I get why you can think it's in AAA build it up there, but I think he can do it the major league level. The one thing we can all agree. Eon is that it's going to be exciting when he finally does make the big leagues and hopefully we can keep him for a long time. We've been talking for way too long. So let's let's wrap this thing up anyone else want to want to mention anything. We're good. We covered everything. I think I'd like to chime in on the what if I didn't really say anything the last 10 minutes, right? I only have two things to say the first is that you're both right for you know all the same reasons you've already highlighted. It makes more sense to build up his endurance in the minor leagues on the other hand. I don't know that we really need to protect this guy from anything. He seems to get a piercing at all costs. Well, the thing is he seems like an absolute Beast of an athlete. It's already being pointed out by other players on other teams. I understand that they don't necessarily have the same investment in the Toronto Blue Jays success as say, you know, Mark Shapiro or Ross Adkins or Charlie Montoya or even you know you or I or Clayton but I don't know. There's something special about this guy and I don't want to waste it on a year where we're looking at probably something in and around 78-84 wins. That's not going to be enough to get us into the wild card. Yeah, we might play some interesting baseball and September but why are we risking it? Why are we risking long-term success just for the sake of, you know, couple a couple great games late in the season. Gotta risk it for the biscuit daughter is good for the bad food. And I could see all these other teams. They always have a shit start and we have a chance to get a little head start on them. So you're telling me he could help us out with that. Yeah. I mean that's that's I mean you're pulling me to your side clean, but at the same time logic just tells me it's we got to get his endurance up so that way he can Chuck gasps for you know, 15 Seasons as a j and you know, go to the Hall of Fame with a blue jay. cap like 15 see that sounds amazing I have very high hopes Renee Pearson he could be the next Doc Holliday although he certainly pitches harder than doc did in his Peak already so it's just about him learning the command part of it and you know getting a third plus pitch yep yeah yeah again like we said no matter what happens it's going to be fun thanks for listening guys whether it be an anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast wherever thanks a bunch Stitcher tune into all that stuff give us a follow on the Twitter at the be fmd podcast I'm Clayton that's Justin that's Patrick goodbye someone today who's got it who's on it I guess I was supposed to do it let's do the White Stripes Seven Nation Army that was on the radio when it was that's why I thought about it or not to work when I was coming when we walked in the Studio's here because I work here yeah awesome Having all the way across town to come to the place that you work at only to return it. It's the place where I used to work great. Have a good one guys. See you later. We'll talk to you next week.