Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because after all Mars watch this like all the sudden. I don't know if any of you remember on this show about two years ago or a year ago. Actually, I got all my social media stolen and wiped Away by some Russian Bots and it was horrible. And so I really am not a link clicker. You're afraid your so phobic. Okay, so Omar so I get a text from Walmart. It's a link. I'm like, what is this? You have to write to me? So this is huge you send this. What is this? Oh my gosh, then a nice healthy like dude. It's the best rap stuff ever. It's not the best but it's a sample of well, he decided to put a list together of music that has sampled other aspects of another song to make what hip-hop became. Yeah hip-hop was into sampling old album, so I never got a chance to listen to it, but when I got here this morning, He was putting it on his amazing speakers and I was like mmmm. Yes, very good, right it was good. So it started from watching the Netflix special hip-hop Evolution and it goes through the history of hip-hop and then I got to the era which I remember being my favourite which was that 90s late 80s 90s and I sent you the three feet and Rising where those the the Della Soul like. One of my favorite albums was the Del Sol and they got so in trouble from Sampling they didn't give credit. It was like the turkic I made it. Yeah the peak of sampling and so I've been on a complete hip-hop 90s, you know rabbit hole which has been really fun would you should try folks if you're not into 90s rap get into it. Yeah, totally. Alright, let's do the news. You want to read it? All right. This story comes from F Stoppers Alex Cook a Utah photographer is facing felony arson and Criminal Trespass charges after police say he was set fire to a house on Valentine's Day for a shoot resulting in damage to the home and burning his eyebrow and facial hair off. Oh my God, the photographer Thomas. Shea was involved in the incident on Valentine's Day a fire in Woodland was reported in Summit County authorities, and when they arrived on the scene, they discovered that Shay was with a Fully melted coat his eyebrow and facial hair was singed Shea was taken to treatment in the hospital idiot. He's already initially told the officers. He had approached the house as a photographer after seeing the smoke emanating from it after he was released from the hospital and authorities discovered evidence of arson. She admitted that he had come to the house with camera kept the equipment and a 5-gallon jug of gasoline boy. You didn't think they would find out about that potentially set the house on fire - shoot it in fact Shale it it. Three times extinguishing the first to himself. However, the third grew Beyond his control leading to his Burns and he try to when he tried to extinguish himself the Fire cost five thousand dollars in damage to the house. In addition to Shay's injuries. His eyebrows are gone. No eyebrows and a melted coat what an idiot. All right. So the so first of all, it doesn't really say what he was trying to capture but it doesn't say like it was his house was at a friend's house. Does he know about Photoshop? I mean, yes, I had fire. You know they have stock. fire that you could still imperfect would help him with that like you could add the fire here if you want their fighter you added here but I think what the reason we brought up this story was to talk about risk management risk risk assessment in photography right between knowing the lines of how far to push your photography for your clients safety and how to control your clients safety because sometimes they don't know any better they'll totally so let's go back to this moron so he was trying to Capture maybe something epic with fire and a house. We're assuming it's his house or someone he knows because why would you break into a house was burnt. They don't think it was his house because he came with he showed up there were five gallons of gasoline, but maybe well, he did put out the fire a couple of times. So maybe it was his kitchen or something. Maybe it was like a generic house in the woods that no one was living at currently. Yeah. We need to find out more we'll get back to you on that's what it is. It could be like, you know how they have summer houses and winter house. Oh, yeah. There's no one probably there during a time period and you know, he was But photograph for Valentine's Day. Would you try to make My Love Burns for you? Literally look at my face my eyebrows burn for you. Now. First of all as a man with a beard. Oh, then you would have been I just like that's first of all you'd like respect the own facial hair. I mean, yeah melt forget your jacket your beard would mouth but it brings up a point where you know, we're all built differently. So I'm sure some people are more Risk Takers. I've never thought About breaking into places. I have like abandoned, you know, I love those abandoned place kind of photographs, but I am too nervous to know. I'm in the same place. We're older people. Also we are all there but you know when I was younger, I don't think I was so right there. I was Reckless. I was Reckless. Oh, yeah, actually that's true. We used to you know, the Erie Lackawanna and Hoboken we stay we breaking news to break in there. Yeah your room covid. Sorry. I just yeah, we're good 20 years plus. So yeah, you are Reckless when you're younger, so it doesn't say how old is this? Idiot? It didn't say is any say okay. Well the point here is like first of all, how far are you going too far for a shot setting a place on fire if that's line. Number one? Yeah, that's gone too far. Yeah, whether or not he put out the second the first two obviously he couldn't put out the third one. So obviously you don't learn from his mistakes. They were mistakes baby. There were take one take two. Here's one for tickets. You can take three. Yeah. And that's crazy. So a risk assessment. Let's talk about you first. So the first thing is you should keep you and property safe. Right? So another example of that we've talked about in the past is is know your surroundings. Right? Like if you're in a busy Street area and you're shooting a bride or a couple or your model by herself, you need to have a backup person with you to spot spot because you know, what no matter how aware you are about your surroundings. You're not a hundred percent while you're taking Those pictures and I'll give you a perfect example. So I like to use prime lenses and sometimes there isn't enough room to go you actually in the street when you use your prime lens, like if you're using an 85 and you're shooting towards the businesses not down the street, then you need to go into the street. And so I usually have Dad or someone that's in the Chute spot me. So they because everyone wants to stare at what's happening the photo shoot, but I make Dad look down the street because someone on their phone they'll take me out, right? They won't pay attention him. Like there's another smear on my road. Yeah, totally thing is like like, where are you? Where are you as far as your surroundings? Are you in the woods? Are you on train tracks? Yeah, I ain't tracks is the infamous for killing people, you know, you know why it is is because our brain can kind of only do one thing at a time people you what do you hear? We didn't hear the train, you know why you didn't hear the train because your brain is focused on well, there's also the the actual sound traveling so my personal near-death experience. On a train track was I was just shooting the tracks. I wasn't shooting a model. I just gone there and I had been to attract many many times and never seen a train. So I thought this must be a dead track. So I got my camera stuff and I'm just laying down taking shots. And for some weird reason I happened to look up and there's a train about 20 30 yards away enough where I then heard the horn. Well, then jumped off the track and it Barrel. Ask me and I just sat there for like 20 30 minutes. Just I think crying prompt and yeah, you should thinking like wow, even when you think you've researched it unless you call the town and ask about the tracks. You don't know anything about those tracks. You're right because we have tracks here Nutley and they are abandoned they have weeds growing out of there. But you never know never know. Yeah, and so that's a good point is don't shoot on train tracks. If you're shooting in the middle of the street. You got to plan ahead. You got to think Go ahead. You know what is the least amount of traffic coming through here totally and also have someone spotting you make sure your clients are safe. So I'll give you one quick example. I had a kid since I shoot mostly teens and stuff. She was super hyper active and like really athletic and she wanted to keep upping the ante like I will stand up there. I'll jump off this and we were doing great shots and then it got to a certain point where it was like to go up to a catwalk, you know, I didn't know anything about the catwalk. I knew that it was high up. There and then building you shot and was a really beautifully designed building but it was a very old building. Yeah, so that's what I need is to be in the news like 13 year old kid the catwalk collapses and hurts my gear you're you know, photographers gear damaged story at 11. We're so bead, but that's exert point where think about your clients first instead of the shot. Don't go just risk assessment and I think we were talking also about how you know, it's great to get an epic shot. But you should also have a workaround like for example Photoshop and right I've been asked to do shots where things are on fire like we did the shots. I remember the basketball kid where his soccer kid or basketball kid. He had all the sports but his tennis racket needed to be on fire. It was like a whole Fire theme because of it was kind of like a barbecue hot spicy its fire was such a fun met spot, but immediately I thought We have to photoshop this I mean, I'm not lying not saying we're not saying that time is gloves on fire. I don't know. I got my five gallons of gasoline. And then the other one was someone wanted to do the Smoke You Know The Dramatics colored smoke photos and I'm watching videos with my jaw open on these photographers that are doing beautiful smoked photographs and I'm like, I can't do this. I wouldn't joke I would die. So again, we had to work around for that too. I came up with a different theme for what I was a changed. I changed their whole mind. Yeah, you know what? I don't want. No, actually you did the right thing you made it you made it a conscious decision as an outsider Rel, you know, relegating their side of their safety. Well, their expectations were that they were going to get epic smoke shots. And I knew that if we were going to do it it just everything has to be perfect when conditions it has to be done Outdoors. It was the winter, you know. Something where it wasn't going to work. Thank God and so we did something different that worked really well. So so it's not like my maternity shoes that I do with the little blighters but not a little smoke like blue or red or blue or pink was it like little yeah colored smoke. So basically there's like a little oh, yeah, where is des little players that get up blue smoke or red? Yeah. What's those think so it was it the smoke bomb that you pull something and it starts billowing. I smoke yeah, so so I did one of those and nothing says maternity like so basically the girls having twins also that was a real our Vail said special real so I bought the wrong ones green and purple these aren't gonna work. So basically so she was holding them and I'm like sitting here thinking like I've never seen these go off. Is she going to get in trouble? That's risk assessment. Yes. I was asking they were like, let's go for it. And then the husband was No, I've done these all the time with different colors for work. So as this is what this is what to expect from a little spider Rider first as long as he points them away from so him being in construction actually saved her life because had she pointed at any direction where the Sparks could have gone back to her dress great. It would have been like baby you're on fire the baby's in danger. So it actually was pretty cool about the shoot was that I didn't they were the same thing right? So I there were the same color on the on the exterior and then when they Pull them and it was actually a pink one and a blue one of my they're having mixi twinsies. So my favorite shots and that is cool. Also the here's the problem though because it's a one or two. Take shot. Right? Yeah. You only have so much Thick Smoke. That's what I'm saying. You'd have to buy a bunch of wind and this NSO what ended up happening was that she sneezed after she pulled the things and by the time she was able to recompose herself. There was no smoke almost left. That sucks. So I Having to photoshop. Yeah, bring smoke. Yeah. It was just ridiculous. I'm like we should have just done that to begin with that would be great if she sneezed with like a smoke coming out of her nose out of a great Larry, but just to jump off this whole like danger risk assessment. It doesn't have to be something dangerous. You know, it could be something where you assess. For example, if you're working with a young child and you're going to do a portrait or something. Will you can assess your risk assessment can be you know what? I only have 15 minutes of good time with this. Kid laughing so don't start investing time and in like going somewhere like hey, we need to climb up this we need to take this kid here. We need to change his clothes now, you know before we start working, but that might be a good one. Maybe the kids dressed good enough don't friggin start a tantrum by changing his could try to assess assess assess get something and then maybe you could start exactly what kids are the kids kids of a certain age. You definitely are. Our you're on time on schedule. It's only a matter of time before they either tantrum or just completely nap out. Yeah one of the other so well, I'm sure you've had a model where maybe you could have done one more look or gone to a different location and you're like, you know what let's just rock out this band show a little bit more. I've talked I've talked plenty of models out of a different outfit or a different location knowing where the sun is yellow and how much time yeah and knowing where the weather was coming through. So, you know, I like I know that women in general Love to take multiple shots, though. They could go forever and yeah and multiple outputs, but you had you as you're in charge there. Yeah, you have to be smart enough to realize. Yeah, if we move just one block over you're going to lose away. Yeah, why is light and I am today is just a beautiful generous thing, but good example of risk assessment. So I was doing did you see my shooting the let the cityscape remember I would texted you if you were going to go to Liberty State Park. So I'm at Liberty State Park and the son Going down and it's starting to get like pink and nice every yeah, and I'm doing shots and I'm a there's a guy who comes over you could see him when I'm filming in that video. You could see him back. There's this guy and he spoke to me and I didn't really understand what he said until I watched my video later and what he wanted me to do because when I was there he spoke and I was like, huh and kept going. And then later when I'm editing he wanted me he wanted to do a jumping shot. He wanted me to photograph him with his phone and I knew risk assessment. Yes, you want to risk assessment. I was like I am not leaving this camera. The light is changing so fast that anyone who bugs me I was ready for that right and and he came up and I could tell I disappointed him. He wanted to do some kind of photo be in the man. So in the in the video he staring It be he's like he's staring because he knows I didn't understand and then maybe he thought I spoke a different language or some because I just went uh-huh. It is such a jerk. Jerk. I hid behind my camera though. So, uh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, I'll put it over. I hear know just exactly light is a delicate thing. Don't let anybody walk you away from it screw that guy. See you guys next time. Bye.