Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the podcast I'm your host vetted to infer which simply means truth and fired on front say so as I mentioned in the intro today, we're going to be talking about Fitness and Nutrition but really quickly. I just want to say say happy new year happy women's history month and happy anniversary to truth and fire the podcast we are officially a year old now, so So I'm really excited to finally be back on air and I do apologize to you guys for the delay, but I also appreciate you guys for being patient while I was getting my life together over here. Okay, when I announced this season to be dropping in March, some people were like about time and finally, so I'm sorry that it took some time, but I'm very grateful that you guys were willing to just hang out until the sister got it together. I would just kind. Of went through a few things over the break some things that I made share and get a little bit more into detail with over the over the season maybe but for right now, I don't know if it's the best time because you know, the interview that I'm going to be playing today for this episode. It's already pretty long. So I don't want to prolong our time together today. However, if the Lord just leads me to reveal more about what's been going on with me, I will be happy to do that. It's not saying or anything crazy like that. It's just that there are some things and some accusations made and some things that were very discouraging to me as a writer and as a blogger and as a woman and as a single woman that really really hurt my little heart and so I was kind of struggling with a few things and until I could get that together. I did not feel it proper for me to be on air in this in this context. I just wanted to work out a few things behind the scenes first before I got back on the mic, but I'm back and I'm grateful that. I have this platform. I'm grateful to God for allowing me to to to glorify him in this way. And so I think him for you guys for encouraging me along the way and yeah just for always having a word of encouragement even when you guys need to know that I needed it. So thank you very much. So anyway as we continue with the season as I mentioned, I may get into it a little bit more but you know, that's neither here nor there right now for right now. We're going to get into what today's episode is about which is Again Fitness and Nutrition more specifically a Biblical approach to Fitness and Nutrition. I will be joined today by my guest Brittany fairly. She is a personal trainer and nutritionist a young lady who has been working with me behind the scenes on my own fitness journey. And so I thought it would be a great opportunity to introduce you guys to the work that she does and the wisdom that she shares as a believer in as someone who specializes in the areas of fitness and Even so after this break we're going to get into the interview. And so I hope you guys stay tuned be right back. Hey guys that eat a food here. Some of you guys have asked for ways to support truth and fire. So here's three number one subscribe to the blog and the podcast is the best way to stay up to date on our latest content number to purchase merchandise from the truth and fire shop. We've got shirts hats phone covers laptop covers and other neat pieces to help you represent visit. View that truth and fire.com forward slash Shop number three partner with us on patreon. We have four tiers to choose from so pick one and unlock the benefits of your support find us at www.pedestrians.org calm for / truth and fire. Thank you guys so much for listening. Welcome back. I am with my illustrious guest today Miss Brittany fairly. How are you doing? Happy New Year, Brittany. Thank you so much for taking time out of your day to talk with me today, so we know that it's a few weeks after the new year. So we just want to give everyone a chance to just kind of I guess Beery encouraged or really motivated to meet their fitness goals this year. So I thought this would be a great opportunity. You to share your wisdom with the audience as well as to tell us more about your business. So yeah, just do an introduction. Tell us about yourself how you got started in Fitness and Nutrition. Okay, my name is a fairly I am the wife of done are fairly fairly and we have a 12 year old son Shawn fairly. I've been a nurse for a little bit of 11 years, and I'm also a certified personal trainer and I'm looking to Get my nutrition certificate by the end of how he liked the middle of this year. I have it. I got into nutrition the nutrition part of my fitness journey back in July 2016. I was diagnosed with a fibroid a ten-centimeter fibroid behind my cervix that made me infertile and instead of surgery. I went on a plant-based diet for nine months and people probably think I'm crazy for saying this but I really feel like I was late to do a plant-based diet because it was something I was really praying about the whole family situation was with scared the crap out of me. And so I was praying about that pertain to my health and it just kept the plant base. I just kept on coming to me and I have no clue about a plant-based diet. This is 2016 was in back when like the documentaries like what the hell was popping off and all that stuff. They whole vegan wave was popping out back then and I didn't even know anybody who ever did a plant-based diet. So I was researching Galore and I was kind of getting overwhelmed by because I really know where to start but I finally simplified it for myself and I started off with no meat for 30 days and I guess you could say I was a vegetarian in those 30 days because I was still eating cheese and eggs here and there but still more of a whole nutritious whole nutritious food. I was eating and then after the 30 days I could off period Altogether the first 30 days and I'll be eating I drop 10 pounds. I had so much energy. My mind was clear and I just felt good overall and I never felt like that before and I wanted to continue it and hopefully they side was kind of a struggle because I have a lot of food allergies and I'm allergic to Fruit and a lot of vegetables and a lot of those recipes that I was coming across had those ingredients in there, but I found out things that work for me. Me sometimes eating the same things over and over again. I know some people think that's born but I trained myself to see that it wasn't about the enjoyment of boo, but this is what my body needs. So, um, but it was just really just reminiscing about this was crazy how disciplined I was back then because I'm not is displaying and to be honest the whole point may think within around my fibroid, so I thought I honestly thought this was way the the way that guy was so healed me. But it had nothing to do with it God so Mimi, he showed me how like that was being on a plant-based diet because like if you don't cook or prepare before here, you literally start this up. Mmm, you can starve yourself are you could be more tempted to just to grab junk and it also showed me how much my life was centered around food. I've legit got the arguments about food like it worked. Like if you don't let me out. It's lunchtime. I'm going to lunch with already eat late. It wasn't like my life was told me how much my stomach was my God and and it's also shows how the way that I was eating. Was it beneficial for me? I did a base for nine months total with no exercise. I went from 175 to 145 pounds. I we end up getting pregnant in 2017, and I just Carriage at 15 weeks of my pregnancy, and I know This during a time for the music Anchorage I start emotionally and you know when you start mostly eating you stood up you eat crab get lazy unproductive. Now. I want to do anything. Everything was just off balance for me. So I didn't want to go down that path again that I where I used to be as far as my eating goes and I was like Lord if I'm a follower of you I don't want to handle this trial, you know in my own strength, of course, their situation went beyond nutrition and fitness, but I just want to you know, give you a picture. Well, we're off. Started so from there. I really I start going into our garage my husband turned our garage and to dim girl turning my worship music and just work out and I really just start getting into business from there. And I wanted to know you know, what exercises worked on what muscles though. I signed up for to become a certified personal trainer trainer and I got my certificate in May 2018. And from there. I started out with my family and friends. Little small boot camps. I keep on smiling because I'm like really I'm an introvert and anything like bigger than 45 people. I get like kind of overwhelming negative 45 people. You said four to five four two files. I thought you said 45. I'm like that's cute. But yeah, I do like little small for weeks fictions with a group and we do have boot camp training. Okay, that's all I got into it. That's what's up. Okay. Well congratulations on your certification a bit of a certified personal trainer. So that's really cool. Alright. Alright, so let's talk about this from a faith-based. Perspective now you mentioned about going on the plant-based diet feeling like you were let to that. Let's talk about what a Christians I guess motivation or or how do we as Christians approach Fitness and and nutrition like what with what biblically should we be looking to to motivate us to get into looking after our physical health? Of course. I don't want anyone want to get confused. Like salvation is not based on what we eat or drink or how much we exercise our salvation is based on Jesus Christ and believing in Christ. And abiding in him. We produce the garlic characteristics. The fruit of the spirit is spirit and it's beneficial in every way for this life and after but also in first Timothy 4:8 it says that also body training is beneficial in some way. am um So, I'm sorry. So in some ways that is going to be shy and I think that is true. It has some value all think we should be doing it for the glory of God. I think training it should be for the glory of God. I like the Bible says that I wear the eyes with arms with the leg and I think like if we not intentional about what we eat like we can I mean, it's scientific proof that we can't have chronic illnesses, um, you know from the way that we eat or Exercise so I think exercise if we look to to glorify God on as being Believers as being the light for him, I think it is beneficial and that way using our bodies to glorify God and not to be legalistic about it, you know trying to make you get up a new your Basics and do this. So you need to eat this certain food, but I guess it's just a question that all of us as Believers can ask ourselves if my body is God and this is Where the Holy Spirit resides how can I not only spiritually but physically take care of my body and and so First Corinthians 10 and 23 cents. Everything is permissible but not everything is beneficial. So first and foremost what's beneficial to your spiritual health and you can ask the same question for you physically as well. It made the Lord cooking you make it come get you where you need to be convicted at. But I think we should want to take care of our bodies as Believers in Christ and not be blind or eat. It to the back there is going to be sure to exercise and eat nutritious Foods. Okay preach the sermon. Okay. Oh, yeah. That I began working with you and we'll go into that a little bit more later, but around the time that I began working with you at just gotten word from my doctor that Not only was I he told me I was borderline obese which I thought that was interesting. He said I was 10 to 15 pounds overweight and I was like what cause I'm like 5:30, so I was like No, and I think I'm not gonna see my weight on a lot on air. But but he told me I was 10 to 15 pounds overweight and I thought that was so funny and I was talking to my friends and they're like, oh girl that's just muscle mass and I'm like nah, you know, and I had the audacity to I got to my appointment early and so as I used up the time by going to a nearby restaurant and I got some french fries drenched in I think it was blue cheese dressing and and hot sauce and I went to that doctor's appointment with it. He smelled the you know hot sauce is like vinegar, whatever. He smelled it, you know, he's telling me what's going on with my health and I'm looking like, you know, I don't know if I believe that God dude, I don't think these be at my church really made for women like me, you know, I don't you know something all this stuff and he's like is that yours and I was like, yeah, so it just validated everything he was saying so but we'll get it all that in a second. But yeah, you're right about that. All things being permissible but not all things are beneficial. So we may be permitted to you know, eat drink be merry you know, but at the same time we should be he's not as not always but always beneficial certain things we eat is not beneficial. Okay, but working out is always beneficial at least for this life. So praise God. Okay. So the next question is what is your personal approach to Fitness and Nutrition you talked about how you began with a plant-based diet and you were dealing with your Own health issue. What is your motivation and your approach now so my personal part but approached? Fitness in nutrition is Simplicity and preparation. I noticed with working with other people. If you make Fitness and Nutrition too complicated, they'll just don't ask because it's something new is, you know, people just get off Wham so just making it simple and I'm having them to prepare beforehand that helps them. I'm so I meal prep with simple meals for the week and I find that circuit training works really well for me and for my Clients are coming in they'll be they know like each station will probably have a different um work out for that day or whatever, but they know they're going to each station for 30 seconds. You know, it just give them a mind frame of not going into the unknown. So you're keeping your meal simple and meal prepping and also planning your workouts for the week is a good approach to your personal fitness journey that I found just making it because the people Complicate things a lot and it's not. I mean, I think just getting asking for buying it. Like I found out he works for me any works for my other clients as well. Yeah, and then I can also then push people into that all these legalism because I gotta do this Gotta Wait I got you know, so yeah, so it's yeah Sookie I do think that's a good point keeping it simple and different legalism, you know, but it's okay, so So like we said we already know is New Year now is 20/20, you know, seeing a lot of memes about new year new me and you know people go in with the new year. They want to change who they are prayerfully part of that new year new me is they repented of their sins and they have now Born Again In Christ, but there's also that desire for people to get themselves together from either attitude adjustments or fitness goals. So what would you say now to people who may have fallen off or who may be be tempted to give up on their fitness goals after the first couple weeks of the New Year Okay, so My advice to those who typically ball out but the new day new year's resolution. It's to to not make superficial goes. I know typically people start working out for the sake of get right like it tight. I said to sometime fine and all this stuff, but you know, honey when you when you your body aching you sweat in your heart racing in the gym, like you're gonna be like you go get this body that I got like that's not that's not a good reason. Then to start for me like this. You just work it like hard work. You just can't go in with a superficial mind said and I don't want to sound like a whole motivational speaker. But no your Bot. Why do I need to work out? Why? Is it beneficial to eat clean and go from there and make a plan and I will also like to add to pray ask the Lord for strength if working out is a struggle for you as a Believer turn that struggle over to the Lord. Like if I did I it's hard for you to turn. Right now turning struggle over to the lower. Like I think sometimes we don't we tend to not, you know include the Lord and those type of things but I mean he wants to be included in everything he needs to be included in him. Amen. So yeah, definitely pay about working out pray about, you know, eating clean don't leave the Lord out of that. Amen. That's that's it. That's the word. Okay, so see the top two excuses we talked about this a little bit ago, but the I'm to excuses for poor diet and exercise are lack of time and lack of money. So really quickly. Give me what are five healthy and affordable foods that anyone can enjoy. Stop with me and I think it's another excuses. Like I said, it really is it it's really not bad. Okay, if you get into the piscatorial route mmm, it's pretty spicy food is expensive but stuff like chicken ground turkey your beans are you can make a big ol pot of beans. Meal planning like I have a PowerPoint day if anybody wants that I can show you like how to simplify it and meal plan like you would see that you would actually steal. It's when your meal plan because I don't know about nobody else if I just going to store start grabbing stuff like every two days for a meal I'm spending so much money. That's what will not meet you. My you like is I'm saving money. No, I think that's just another excuse for the one that just don't really want to do and they just be my excuse. I mean not knocking nobody probably like this it got me too much. Yeah, I got time work out your turkey. But food is really not that expensive again. If you don't have a seafood routing. Yeah, but it's ways to get around in but especially when you compare it also to fast food like the amount of money that's been because I fell off for a couple months because I straighten my hair that's you know, black girls struggle. It's a whole nother thing I straighten my I straightened my hair. I didn't permit. I just straightened it and so back in October because I straightened. I think it was October. Maybe it was September, but because I straighten my hair and I wanted it to last I didn't go to the gym, so I didn't want to sweat out my girl so I fell off and so I just didn't go to the gym and I also point out that really wasn't it. To not meal prep, but I just just fell off and so I noticed that when it was time for lunch for work, I would just run out every day to either go to Subway or you know, go somewhere really quickly and get something for seven dollars and I'm spending $7 a day, you know, and so that adds up to I don't know what $35 a week. And so yeah, I just kind of you know, it's expensive to be unhealthy. It really is it's expensive to be unhealthy and is expensive to be unorganized. Exactly. I have learned. Okay, so what are so we talked about food truly isn't that expensive once you really planned it out, but what about some quick and effective ways to exercise for those who feel like they don't have enough time to go to the gym. What are some quick exercises they can do each day, okay. So again out, like I'm talking about the circuit workout that is something that you can do at home and I believe I had one of those workout that I have you doing I said they were searching workout. It's well, so let's say that you want to up your cardio, but you'll pick five cardio exercises do each of those exercises for 30 seconds with 22nd risk period before you start the next one and you'll do five rounds of that and that right? I'll stop will be a 20-minute quick high intensity workout that you can do in the comfort of your home. If you have kids you can do that before they wake up and go to school you can do it when they go to sleep like this just 20 minutes of your day, but doing that circuit charm training and I recommend the app called Tabitha Tabitha is ta ba ta F. Okay, you good. You can program those intervals in and they'll keep it up for you. You'll count you down if you don't. The Stop and do anything and it'll plug it in for you. I can see this 20 minutes of a quick workout before your kids work up. But get up or before you go to work or after you get work after you get off work. No excuses, right? That's true. No, it's no it's he's not even if you straighten your hair. Okay. Okay. So what about you talked about meal planning and meal prep? So what strategy would you suggest with those who hate to cook? Again, simple meals again. I have a PowerPoint on Wheels to I believe in the three component of protein complex card and a fibrous fibrous vegetables. So what you can do for your proteins find out this take three proteins that you like find out three complex carbs that you like and find three fibrous vegetables that you like. And pick pick them pick those things that you want for breakfast lunch and dinner. It just so simple like I don't know how how else to put it but you just stick with those three components and just pick it from there. And that's what I have for my breakfast lunch and dinner. Okay. Like I said, I have that power point that we just pick it and go and you can meal plan plan for the week off of that alone. I simplified by eating the same things over and over again same thing for breaking the same thing for lunch same thing for dinner for the week. I switch it up the next week, but that just helps me stay organized so I won't be in the kitchen slave. All day hi, you know it helps me what time I work full time and I just when I get off I don't have to you know cook again when I get off on it just saves me a whole lot of time when I pick up a day after week and just make the same thing and make up a big pot of whatever right? And one thing I learned when you had me on my plan. I finally use my crock pot that I bought like three Christmases. Okay, and I had the crock pot for like two years and I never used it. So I finally I don't know. I just crank it up as finally cracked it open and I love it. So now instead of it being in the cabinet it is out on my counter ready to be used. So I love that thing. You just throw something in there and you go to work or you go to church you come home and what you need is already done. So that's been really helpful for me because it's not that I hate the kitchen not that it's just that it's so at least growing up the way we cooked and you That may be the thing the way it some people cook the way that people are used to seeing Foods prepared where you're in there all day and you're making like a tease, you know, huge amounts of food and everything is needs to be fried or you know, all this extra stuff that you have to do when honestly, you know, planning a meal can be pretty simple at least for me as a single lady. So I had a big fan how would you do that for a big family because I'm single so meal prepping is a little bit easier for me. And of course, it's less expensive. I think with the Man, you had me on I probably spent like $25 not even $25 a week because once once I got the basic ingredients down, I just had to go back and like replenish like my chicken or you know, get a few more vegetables but like, you know grains and all that kind of stuff they last a while. So I wasn't spending that much every week once I got all the main things in my in my in my plan. So what would you say to People who have families as far as meal prepping and keeping down costs that the it's the same thing. classically I Just this cheap. You can make a big ol pot of that or beans you could scare. You make a big ol pot of red beans. Lima beans a little bit more is the chicken in the you know, your protein hmm your meat proteins. So especially if you have boys, I know yeah. That can be a little expensive. However, I would rather spend money on and that their medical bills true. Yes, the long run. That's true this year. Yeah some chick that's true. And I always considered myself to be relatively healthy. So be told that I was like 15 10 15 pounds overweight. What else he I think we were talking about having children and that's how we got on the topic and he said, you know, first of all, he was very rude. Told me I need to get to get to move in if I want to have kids. I'm like I can't control that sir. Right? I got to get married first. I'm a Christian like I don't know what you talking about, but he was just basically saying as far as my age, you know, I'm I'll be 40 this year. So getting up there in age and all of that just making sure that I'm taking care of myself so that you know conception would be easier all those things. I just thought it was interesting feedback because I never really had gotten information about my health before as far as up is a prehypertension issues lump with my blood pressure issues with because when I was pescetarian, I went back to eating chicken in September 2018, but when I was a pescetarian, I eat a lot of shrimp and so my iodine Like I just I down in the Mercury and all of that stuff was really high as well as and then because I wasn't really planning my meals because I was a pescetarian I just felt like well, I'm not going to eat meat so I just for summer for for some reason I just like doubled up one bread. So I ate a lot of bread. I didn't really eat a lot of junk as much as far as like cakes and pies. I really didn't do that, but I had a lot of bread so that didn't help me but that's why I came to you because I had very low energy My skin just seemed like it was kind of gray and washed out and I just look a mess and I have to say that after I did to two programs with you with your with your company, and I'm still I feel like I'm still losing weight if that makes any sense. Like I don't know if working out on a consistent basis for the time that I did probably like boosted my metabolism because now my stomach is I can't even like begin to explain how flat my Is and this is still the case after having taken that little break from the gym with my hair is straight and I was like, I wanted my metabolism increase in and also because I'm now eating more meat. So now I'm eating chicken and fish but because I'm I reincorporated chicken into my diet. I've have more of that now so I don't know if it's the protein and that that's helping me burn fat. I don't know but I just You know that I'm seeing I've definitely lost 10 pounds and it's staying right, which is great. So how did in the before and after? Yes, yes, so thank you. Thank you much. I am fairly. So so let me take a quick break and then we're going to come back and we're going to discuss diets were special circumstances fasting Fitness Trends and then we'll wrap this thing on up. So stay tuned everybody. Hey guys, very tofu here. Some of you guys have asked for ways to support truth and fire. So here's three. Number one subscribe to the blog and the podcast is the best way to stay up to date on our latest content number to purchase merchandise from the truth and fire shop. We've got shirts hats phone covers laptop covers and other neat pieces to help you represent visit w-w-w dot truth and fire.com forward slash shot number three partner with us on Creon we have 40 years to choose from so pick one and unlock the benefits of your support find us at www.pedestrians.org calm for / truth and fire. Thank you guys so much for listening. Okay, welcome back guys. So for those of you who are just now tuning in I with my guest Britney fairly High brightness. So we just been talking about, you know, a Biblical case for Fitness and Nutrition the wise approach to Fitness and Nutrition and we talked about some of the excuses or actual you know, what we are excuses not reasons but excuses for people not working out or eating healthy and basically basically Brittany saying there are none. Okay. I tried to play it with you know. Here, you know straightening. My hair is black girl. And you know, she said that's not an excuse either. So, okay, I'm gonna go get my life together there. So yeah, so let's get it to these diets for special circumstances. So in the first segment you talk about, you know, you started on a plant-based diet to deal with your fibroids things like that. So let's talk about people who have like, you know different allergies. We've always been taught that the five basic food groups that should be present. Isn't in every you know thing you eat should be your proteins your grains your fruits your vegetables and your Dairy but is it necessary to include something from each of those groups with every meal? I will say no and like I said earlier the I stick by the three components protein complex carb and fibrous vegetables complex carb is basically a carpet does not break down is fast it your body uses that as energy. So this this like your brown rice you can white potatoes quinoa stuff like that your body uses that car Biz energy. Those are you good carbs? So again, your protein complex carbon fiber is vegetable, even if you'd like, I have a cousin who has allergic to meet but protein like vegetable their vegetables that have protein in it so you can you know use that vegetable as the protein. I'm thinking it's very have to have dairy are you don't necessarily have to have me it's some people who who have reactions to like plant-based meals. I've never I never did they said the hair was falling out. I guess it's like a vitamin B12 deficiency or something like that. Okay, but I'm Debra. And it happened to me before and I said I'll be unable to not eat meat again. Like that was like the best side I've ever been on in my life. Like it was really really beneficial to me. But I mean everybody has different body types. How long were you on a diet? How long did that last? I will have a meal without me in it is not a need to have me over every meal now, but I don't could I don't condemn anybody who eats meat or anything like that? Like you have vegan stuff like you can't eat me. You can't like I don't want to say it's Believers to like get into that the word actually talks about those people those who have or we can face only eat vegetables. Just kidding. It's I mean, it does say that but it's like I have to find the scripture but it's when I saw that I was just like you know what let me get up on this chicken right quick. Stop, please. Yeah, if you eat meat the dog or whatever, but yeah, if you do have my official circumstances, like, you know, you have to have gluten-free diet. Like they have like we had to come up but like if you're to 2019 or whatever, it's far as the grocery stores go like to have whole sections of Luke free stuff. So I don't think anybody would be left out and even keeping those three components protein become place carbon about Iris diet like no matter what type of special needs you you have. I think you could find it in those three components. Okay, a nutritious meal for breakfast lunch and dinner. Yeah. Okay. And what do you think about multivitamins? How do you feel like those Work Incorporated with your with your diary Pro against or supplemental? I don't look for me only because of my allergies. I do have a lot of food and food allergies, no some multivitamin but some of the stuff that it's coated with I'm a allergic like to the guys and stuff like that. Okay. I actually don't but they are beneficial because some people do like those you don't think those those vitamins and their diet even some people who are vegan or whatever like they don't know. They don't eat, you know the nutritious Type of foods that need to be eating or whatever and I believe that sometimes how they like. Laughs this whole finding. Yeah, they're talking about he's like, what are you eating? Yeah. It's like your shirt. Mmm. I know when I was pescetarian, you know, a lot of people thought I was vegetarian. I don't know how they got that. But when they just that's a whole nother story, but basically there is a lot of motivation to just eat any old thing because you're you you kind of you kind of go on this like not Our trip but you gotta get a little self-righteous, you know, even though I wasn't going out telling people that they had to you know, keep my diet. I felt like I was I didn't intend for it to start that way. But because I had to watch what I ate because I wasn't eating Meats other than you know Seafood. I felt like I don't know. I feel like I was doing some great thing and so because of that I've noticed that I fell off in the areas where I should have really been focused as I know. It's counterintuitive. To itive. It was a I don't eat meat but I'm going to go ahead and eat like, you know this loaf of bread right quick, you know and add extra bucks or whatever because you know, you feel like you have the room to do it and you're doing such good over here that you can I don't know but I definitely noticed that and I love bread. I've always loved break that's just a thing of mine. But as far as I know as I did a lot more bread intake and I definitely did do a lot of eating, you know, a little bit of whatever because I was missing something. From that getting that protein and quinoa. I got onto quinoa because I was pescetarian. I wanted to increase my protein intake. However, first of all, well, I don't think he was expensive but compared to brown rice. It is a pair of brown rice it is but I felt like if I wanted the most Bang from bake for my buck for protein, I would I went to quinoa and I always gave myself the excuse what quinoa is expensive so I can't eat this much so it was weird so I went and ate random stuff. So I didn't keep my point is I didn't keep the best diet as a pescatarian and I know a few vegetarians who don't really eat a lot of vegetables, but they're vegetarian by virtue of them just not eating me. So I mean that's what I'm trying to say is it's weird. It's weird. It's weird. That's why yeah. Is he just no beat and I'm eating whatever right? Sorry. Yeah, but I think supplementing I think supplement is good. If you don't have any allergies, I would love to support me but I just I can't get really give anybody any feedback from my personal experience because I even when I did when I was when I was pregnant, I got like some vegan type of pills or whatever and you had soybeans and I'm allergic to Soy, hmm. Okay, so let's talk about fasting. So do you recommend exercising while fasting? How does that work if someone? Answer me. I've got intimate faster the fasted cardio thing twice and I've done it because my husband my husband likely as not to intermittent fasting and do fasted cardio other things. I don't think it's for everybody because after I do it like I eat so much I feel like I'm starving. Mmm. It backfired on me because I think like with the intermittent fasting or whatever you like. So only supposed to eat between certain times or whatever. Got it. Okay, but after you know that time is up like you can eat I guess I you don't eat for breakfast and then you eat less calories for lunch and dinner or something like that, but it was like I was trying to make up for breakfast. Got it. Yeah I'm saying okay, I yep definitely but apparently it does work for some people but but I really think you have to like really have self-control and discipline, but I Anything this is a gimmick. I just I just stick to eat your breakfast eat your lunch eat your dinner, but less than what you did before. I mean because the scientific proof the less calories you eat when you exercise you're going to lose weight. Mmm. I just try to stay away from the whole, you know thing like different Trends and different diets and just stick to what I know. It's just a glass of breakfast lunch and dinner snagging a nutritious snack in the middle to boost. Metabolism and I work out work out keeping it simple, right? I just try to keep it simple because you get me all over the place. I have my clients all over the place and I just I just want to keep keep it real simple and I've seen the results which is keeping it simple. Yeah, and I definitely working with you. I definitely saw that as well because there is that Temptation and we'll get into that when we talk about trans for the people getting all these different either surgeries or taking quick pills or these Tommy whatever their whatever these things are at. The What do they call the waist trainers like all these extra things that you got to you know do and it's just that's just do eat less work out more, you know and drink your water. Have a good day. Alright, so now during fat and I for those who are fasting for faith-based purposes. What are some ways that you think that you know, I can just speak for myself. Like I'm the worst faster. I've always been really bad at fasting I can do three days. And after three days, I don't know what to tell you. But you know, if you know if it's a I'm doing trying to do like a 10-day fast or something like that after three days if I go to 3-day hump, I'm good, but but knowing that if I'm doing three days, for example, if it's only three days knowing that I'm only doing three days I'm going for whatever I can get when I'm trying to you know, break my fast or Even when I first started fasting I didn't even I didn't understand that I wasn't supposed to be you know in taking sweet. So I just drank hot chocolate all day and it was my first bad. So I drink hot chocolate all day. I don't know what kind of diabetes out. I love Lara way, but I promised developing sugar diabetes. I don't know but but II didn't understand how that work. But as far as fast for faith-based purposes. We know that you know, usually when you're fasting for those reasons, you have a really good reason that you are really, you know, saying no to your flesh in that moment for some people made you do fastest fasting fasting through their Church like a corporate fast or something like that. So what are some ways that they can avoid the temptation to eat everything in sight during the fast like okay. It's been 12 hours. Let me just go ahead and you know, all right, like what I like I just randomly would not eat for 24 hours and it was just because I wanted I really wanted to train myself. I told you I had like a I don't know if it's the eating disorder. But over my love. I like I was like literally like right. I really wanted to who's that? Who's that politics that I beat myself to train? But I like really wanted to have control like it discipline myself. Like I need to put worried about food and so I will go 24 hours and not eat anything and after the 24 hours. I would like have a smoothie or something like that but during those 24 hours like if I'm if I was tempted to me, I will go party like I would like Really dope right now know everybody's like probably at work during any time or the only four days after we or two about Shield so I would strategically go on the fans on the days that I'm awesome people it works, but no not really swing on people. Yeah, but not be created. That would be cranky and work but I'll I will just pray like ask the Lord for strength and and how that's what work for me and it just being intentional about like this is the food like this this this food is like really rude and I'll be like, I'm really letting food like get me like that. You don't feel like I really got me. Like dude, how is this a lie? You scratching your arms. You got the fee Niche getting your word the word of God. So just preach the word and pray and you know, if you're at work, you know, if you got time to, you know, say a prayer and that's the that's the awesome thing. About Jesus being sitting down for our seniors because we could go before the father anywhere any everywhere? No, just just pray wherever you can pray open up your Bible app or read the word just help you get through that that spiritual fans that you set out to do before the hunger pains hit a man. Amen. And I think I had read something about drinking water nothing. Did I drink water when they say see I see that's the thing. I was like, well, I'll know because everybody just make it seem like you disowned thing you can do but I will say it's far as for me drinking water when I'm fasting is not helping anything. It just feels like it makes me like it hungrier. Like it's like my like my stomach expands now like all we bout to any you know, so it's so I don't know but I've heard people say that like old to be I'm you know, I know Especially liked it before you go out to eat save money. You should you know eat a little something to drink some water or drink water first before you eat. So you eat less food things like that. But as far as drinking water during the fast, I'm like that was that was that was sending me because I like my stomach thinks we're about to eat. So the it doesn't really they really work for me, but I can't say but speaking of drinking water while fasting what do you think about foods that people should eat to break a fast like what are some cuz I re already know what happens when you try to go in with the burger. We already know. In the fruit smoothie will be fine too. I even don't know through have sugar in but it's a it's a natural sugar and it's going to break down totally different again. Some nutritious meals get some clean high protein meets probably like four ounces like say four ounces of chicken won't do like to cook some brown rice with some hope I'll bring food and 2 cups of vegetable you want way more vegetables than anything else on your plate. So I would say something like that. No don't go to gummy bears like gummy bears is not a weakness. Now no, but I like when I when I do have go my spiritual flat fast, like my mind is so clear. Yeah, we don't realize like the preservatives and artificial stuff like how it makes the chemicals in our bodies off balance. He can't like that that really does play a part, you know, not trying to be all scientifically and stuff like that. I mean but that stuff is true like um, and I I believe the Lord had Daniel, who was that Daniel? No only if that's coral reefs like you your mind is literally so clear when he clicking in and you work and you work out here having work out but cleaning. Where are you just feel so good. And so why would you want to go and you know saying just sorry crazy. Yeah again, but bass. Yep, I did it for your reasons for Spiritual reasons. I think it's beneficial to not do that. Yeah. It really is. I think I broke a fast once with a Brownie Alamo from Chick-fil-A years ago, they really and I'm already lactose intolerant. So I have no idea what Just so fucked. I was so focused. I don't know if I really beat my body into subjection at that time because I was a horrible but also I have to say I wasn't converted back then that's when I was still on that Prosperity Gospel. See I don't know out of what I was thinking about was like Chick-fil-A. Let's do this. I was so sick. But okay, so we talk really briefly about Fitness Trends earlier, but we know that especially when you go on Instagram you A lot of celebrities who have really, you know, they're they're fit. They look great. You know, we know people put what they want to put online but at the same time they're doing these, you know quick diets or they're selling these flat tummy teas or whatever is going on. So it begins to you begin to realize I was looking at First Corinthians 6 and 12 you begin to realize that though there are some things that are like we talked about beneficial or there's some good things or you shouldn't necessarily become a A slave to them. It seems like people become a slave to their fitness journey. So what can we as believers? Do we talked earlier? You talked earlier about, you know doing it for the right reasons to glorify God. What does that look like? What can we do to keep Fitness and Nutrition and its proper place. So what I want Ways and believe there's two key things in his proper or it for me. It's a plan that goes back to Planet. I know if I don't plan I'm all I'm all over the place and I waste a lot of time especially on Instagram just looking and researching. So again taking a day out of the week first the our planning your meals planning your workouts do your research or even get motivation for others, you know do that within the hour it will help you stay organized and I waste a lot of time into Keep Fitness in his proper place because again at the end of the day these things are going to pass away that though the treadmill Go pass away then they'll dumbbells don't pass away. But the word of God will not pass away. So ultimately our relationship with God come first before any of that stuff and I'll be true for I had to get off of my training page because I follow a lot of Fitness gurus and I spent a lot of time looking at what they were doing and what's new um, and the things I noticed the things that we spend the most time. We had those things could be our guy. So I had to do a self-examination and you know, just taking some time to get off of it and I do plan on get back on with the New Perspectives and be more active on my fitness with my fitness content, but we just really like said we as Believers, we really need to put those things in proper order. Like I said just spent an hour out of it out of your day one day out of the week save you a lot of time it will save you from just just looking it. Stuff in you know, if I do a lot of research, you know trap for my business suits my boot camps and I just noticed that I was just wasting a whole lot of time again, it was time to you know, my husband sleep my son sleep. I might want to get my word and I go to sleep on a bird like we're looking at other peoples, you know and not filled with God's word. Yeah, so that was a big step for me. As Believers ultimately our relationship with God should come first and not to say that Fitness and Nutrition is not beneficial it is but those things that could be in proper order. Yeah. Yeah. And as far as those that certain things being permissible, what are your thoughts about? You know people may call it cheating people who do those either crash diets or who get surgeries to drop a lot of weight. It you know out of nowhere they say is for their health or whatnot. But you know, hey, that's their business. But what are your thoughts about that? It's because I've actually actually know a couple of professing believers who have gotten fat transfers where they'll take fat from a certain part of your body and put it, you know, in other parts that the world says is a better place for it to go. Yeah, and I like, you know, I just keep my you know coming to myself because I know that you know, biblically speaking. There's nothing that the word say you Get a fat transfer. However, I'm thinking about the motives of thinking about their motorcycle. Right. Yeah, why Believers in this beautiful teachings of Christ? Yeah. Am I doing is to glorify you or am I doing it to glorify myself? Right? Right. I think that's the question that we need to ask ourselves with the with all that we do like if this they want to do, you know, if that's what the world will do whatever right Believers my we truly need to ask ourselves. Like is this to glorify God and like the quick diet or whatever and I They even with the the batteries verbs of the quick diets. Let's let me tease or whatever because she's trying to get stoolie get that, you know, get it right and get tight. But if your mind that it's not change just a physical right back. Hmm. That's true or you'll become a slave to those those treatments and surgeries and I think yeah. Yes, right claiming the healing declare and decree in 2021. I declare and decree my head. Yeah, that's true. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Well, hey, so let's talk about tempting got really quickly. So we know people will you know, we already know that you know gluttony is a saint and things like that, but some people would even describe how they eat. As being gluttony yet. We have people that eat, you know super foods that are not exactly healthy, but they'll pray over it and say, you know, thank you for this food blessing for the nourishment of our bodies. What do you what do you say to those people or those types of prayers? Who are having, you know, he'll probably like like you were saying like, you know, you can't have this stuff. It's not is not beneficial to you. You need to cut that out. And as soon as they walk out they get they trade you don't have any salt on it or whatever and they're asking me to go get it for me. I don't like that wait. told you you can't have that and like they were literally fight you like you and the whole argument you know with these people but um but I don't I don't think we should be tempting tempting the Lord like that like if if it's not beneficial if it is proof that that type of eating causes chronic illness high blood pressure stroke I'm especially in the blackout like me and like oh we get so many black men with high blood pressure Strokes diabetes like if this proof that you continue to eat that those type of booze why would we tempt the Lord and continue to eat that way if you talking about it I'm feeling convicted myself because I've done it before like you just I was just I don't know I think you just got like really stiff examine ourselves like yeah Is it yeah, it really is. Is this really going to nursing our body? Right? So, right. Oh, no, but I did want to take the exam yourself do not tempt the Lord actually take steps like your prayer is to be you know, Lord healthy, you know Lord, the doctor said this but turn around and go get some Popeyes Chicken like this not come on y'all. Yeah. There's this really tempting the Lord. The attention of about to be intentional about your prayers and what you can do do it. Yeah. Yeah and let the Lord do what I mean do what he does but I don't think again, I don't think we should be blind and ignorant to the fact that eat healthy exercise is beneficial and you know continuously eating the way especially in the black community because you know, we love I know need phones and you know about it, you know other stuff, but if we continue to eat that way every Because even in my point here, would you you know, I tell everybody, you know, you have one she feel but if we continue to eat cheat meals for breakfast lunch and dinner. Yeah over time this little wear and tear on my body. Yeah, and you probably get that. I don't know about you, but sometimes I Like I do go to take the light like I feel bad like my stomach might be hearing myself it off because then I ate all this nutrition nutritional food. So long it in I put that in my body. It just don't agree anymore. So I just think over time like probably don't worry about anything but you don't want to feel like that right one thing I know is for me McDonald's is I don't know what's in McDonald's food. This is not not again. Like I'm trying to I'm not trying to be like Oprah when she took down the hole What was that? What was that? She was the beef industry. Like I'm not trying to do that. But there's something in McDonald's food that gives me a headache and it's a it feels like something is popping in my head when I eat McDonald's and at first I thought that it was just me, but I was like every time I eat McDonald's so I was like I got to stop but in the end that I was eating that around the time I was telling you that I wasn't working out and I was and I wasn't planning my meals I was just grabbing stuff and so I'll run out and get something and and then after I ate it I also never felt satisfied not full but not I wasn't even satisfied. I feel like I just ate like Wax and you know, I just I never felt you know, but it was something you know it, you know, it tastes good I guess but but it was something quick and but I always felt like I was eating wax and then I would have a headache when I was done. So I was like McDonald's is not in and of course I would get sick from like McDonald's. It's just not the move again. It's just this is not a knock on McDonald's per se. It's just that's my experience with this particular. restaurant but just a caution to anybody if you're eating something and you're feeling away after you eat eat you know from that particular local restaurant or that particular food there may be an allergy going on or you know there's they could be putting something in the food I don't know I'm just I'm trying to be careful what I say because I don't want to be like you know I want to be slander is but just just speaking of my personal experience like when I eat person when I eat McDonald's it makes me sick in that that has to be a conviction for me to just Does stop eating McDonald's or well, I don't have anything for lunch or you could plan your meal and and I also fell off because I was working like a thousand different jobs at the end of towards the end of the year. So I just you know, but I actually did have time because I looked at my Instagram usage and I was doing like four hours and like four and a half hours every day. I'm like, I don't even know when I had four and a half hours to be on Instagram. Yeah, but if I can do that then I can. You know find some time to meal prep because yeah, so yeah, that's all that's all for now. they don't know any some people that just they just like it or don't do it and I go get done it ain't go try and maybe praying for miracles honey oh my goodness he died for my oh my gosh yes that's true right amen amen really what I would like to say it's such a food goes like you know if this area that needs to be worked on it's the Lord praise to the Lord just be intentional intentional about it is so much information on the internet and it's so many personal trainers and nutritional trainers everywhere online or probably your area that can help you in some way and you only have to use those Services all the time just get an idea of what it is that you need and go from there oh no thank you on this thing you know to eat I know before tight with money or whatever but if it's organ health located investing you're still in the long run because I like to see those those medical bills are high and we just tend to not we spend money on what we want to spend that's right I really think we need to invest in our in our field in the things that we need for our bodies take care of myself. And if any I'm not saying that you know, what you being so healthy, we're never gonna die like these old bodies to go passed away, right? Okay. Alright. So what we're going to try to say, I'm all over the place. So, okay. What was there anything else? You would like to share? I realize now. We're coming up on my last few questions. But anything you like to maybe announced a fitness challenge or an encouragement to others who need to meet their fitness goals in 2020. What would you like to say? I would like to say to the Believers they are looking to you know change your ways again first of all most pray pray to Lord just ask you to ask them to help you with any struggles that you have as far as your Fitness and Nutrition and I said not to be legalistic and I trying to tell you when to work out how to work out with what to eat but may the Lord could beat you in those areas of being intentional about taking care of the body that the Holy Spirit Over that area and I don't have any challenges coming up right now. I'm juggling a few things the right now, so I'm trying to you know, stay organized the key things in its proper order. But again, I do plan on going back on my fitness page be fairly big barely underscore bit on Instagram and being more active with content that you can use in your home and be more of like a free type of thing that you can utilize in your at your house. And I have some stuff up there. Now. It's old on my had to post this in September. But again, I'm just trying to you know, get things in proper order before I come back on there. But yes definitely include the Lord in all things, especially your Fitness and Nutrition Journey. Okay, sounds good. So you gave us your Instagram and what about ways for people that are good with people to contact you if they're interested in your services, whether it's the web or you can contact me at Brittany barely. 86 at gmail.com if anybody's interested in that PowerPoint it because it breaks down workouts. It breaks down the three components that I was talking to you about the protein complex carbs and fiber is fibrous vegetables and it gives also gives more tips just to simplify your fitness journey and I will be more than happy to email you that point. Hard this is nothing it Britney fairly ATC at gmail.com. Okay, sounds good. So I just want to thank you so much for coming on and talking with me today. I was really handy. Of course. I just I was so blessed by your fitness plan. I didn't realize I was your first what do you call it? A remote client or web and it was it the first? Okay. So guys, this is really this is really helpful for me because I I as far as going I go to the gym but dealing with a personal trainer. It's just there's that added pressure that you know for me that was a lot some people need that I just need guidance and then I can do things from an autonomous standpoint. So this with Brittany, I feel like you get a little bit of everything whatever suits your needs and for me, especially with my being in DC and you're in North Carolina, right, Mississippi, Mississippi. I'm sorry. I'm a hug at, North Carolina. So, Mississippi, so my whole thing. Oh, that's the other young lady. I was talking to you a few months ago for the AKA think he's in North Carolina. So but my the whole thing is it was really helpful. So basically guys she asked you what your fitness goals. Are you basically she asked about your why she asked about your you know food, you know, your current diet and your food allergies and things like that and she comes up with a customized plan for you what you want to work on. I told her about about my low energy and all those good things and how I just wanted to figure out what to do with my stomach because it just wasn't it was just never had that the I don't want to call it the food because I know what that stands for but the yeah, there's a well people people people use certain letters and that to say something else. Oh, but the the fat out affect the lower belly fat. I was having a really hard time getting rid of e, of course, it was my diet and definitely my exercise those definitely also my diet. And I noticed that that I can sit still and there's a girl I'm just I feel great like my stomach is doing what it's supposed to do, but I did two plans with her and my co-workers my church members everyone noticed a difference right away. I looked younger. I felt refreshed. My skin was clear. I had a, you know more color to my skin. So it was very helpful. It was you know, it wasn't anything that was overbearing. She just gave me five people. It was five days a week that I worked out can't remember. So it was like two days, you know during a certain type of exercise and three days one another type and then resting on the weekends is so it was great, but I had the flexibility of some reason for some reason I missed a day or whatnot. I can make it up on the weekend. So it was really helpful, so I would highly recommend you look into that. She's in Mississippi, but no matter where you are. Her services will still be valid to you. So, but again, thanks so much for coming on Brittany. I look forward to he's playing better than me girl did I okay but I look forward to working with you some more and 20/20 I definitely you know I'll be 40 this year so I really got to you know you look at my motivation look I'll be for this year's I got to be fine let me get my life right we just talked about doing things for the glory of the Lord but we are his hands his feet his you know his eyes and all that so you definitely want to make sure you go forth in good health to uh spread his gospel so thank you so much Brittany and that's all I have Of course. Hey guys, Danny tofu here. Some of you guys have asked for ways to support truth and fire. So here's three number one subscribe to the blog and the podcast is the best way to stay up to date on our latest content number to purchase merchandise from the truth and fire shop. We've got shirts hats phone covers laptop covers and other neat pieces to help you represent visit w-w-w dot truth and fire.com forward slash shop. Number three partner with us on patreon. We have 40 years to choose from so pick one and unlock the benefits of your support find us at www.hsn.com for / truth and fire. Thank you guys so much for listening. welcome back thank you guys so much for tuning in to today's episode I know that coming back through to a new season and talking about Fitness and Nutrition can be kind of odd especially given my track record I'm always talking about these from a spiritual standpoint however my New Year's resolution has been to share the gospel drink more water in mind my business and so I decided to live in that resolution over to the editorial calendar for truth and Fire Blog as well as for the podcast so you guys will begin to see more content dealing with Christian Living as I've now and have begun to mature in the Lord's word and now better understand what it is. I should be believing about his word which is what something that I was not able to do years ago because I was under a false gospel, but now that I better understand the truth of the word and what it is that I am to know of the Lord. I'm also looking to apply this truth to my day-to-day. A life, right? And so one thing I want to do with this episode is to help people apply Fitness and trick Fitness and Nutrition or put Place Fitness and Nutrition. I should say in its proper place, right? There's nothing in scripture that says we should not work out and there's nothing in scripture saying that we should however, there are indications there that it is beneficial for us to do it for benefits for the now it does not have a overall bearing on our Salvation, right? So that is why it is Not necessarily something that we should be focusing on more than of course our spiritual Fitness. However First Corinthians First Timothy, sorry for and they actually does acknowledge that there is a little benefit Earthly benefit for our bodily exercise to be exactly says for bodily exercise profits a little but godliness is profitable for all things having promise of the life that now is and of that which is to come so if you are spiritually fit that is going to benefit you in this life as well as in the life to come if you're physically fit is only benefits you right now and honestly, there are no guarantees because I know someone who ate clean exercise drink a lot of water and this individual ended up passing away from cancer about two or three years ago a really dear young lady that I knew so these things that we do in the here and now and not necessarily want to guarantee anything yet there is something to be said about not taking the health that the Lord has given us for granted there's something to be said about doing things in moderation okay thinking about proverbs 23 verses 20 through 21 talks about it says do not mix with wine-bibber Zoar with gluttonous Eaters of meat for the drunkard and the Glutton will come to poverty and the drowsiness oongh' drowsiness will close the man with rags when I think about that it just makes me think about someone being slothful or after they just you know eating themselves and drink you know so much today they're no use of anything and so they they are spending all of their their goods on these indulgences and they are not focusing on the on the on the greater things of spiritual things and so something about the spiritual man the person filled with God's spirit is going to be moderate in everything that he does and that takes me to First Corinthians 6 through 12 that says or 6 verse chapter 6 verse 12 which says all things are lawful for me but not all things are helpful all things are lawful for me but I will not be brought under the power of any so if you decide to exercise and have a nutritional nutrition plan great but don't overdo it to where that is now taking precedence over your spiritual Fitness if you are now spiritually fit I mean yes spiritually fit and you're thinking that you don't need to work out well there's nothing that is wrong with you deciding to work out if you would and it would be ideal that the person who is mature in the Lord will have a desire to take care of their bodies as they are able okay as they are able again I understand people have conditions and not everyone is physically able to do these things but if you have been blessed with the ability to to move about and to make is that would benefit how you feel and how you move about in the world then this will probably be wise to heed okay so that's all I wanted to say about this particular episode just to sum everything up one we're really quick announcement I will be in Los Angeles March 20th through 23rd I'll be there visiting a friend of another sister in the Lord and I will be visiting another sister in the Lord over Los Angeles and while we're there we're hoping to make it out to the clouds Without Water conference in Reading Writing is 8 hours away from La I'm not from California so I had no idea it was that far away however you know if we can make it into a road trip or there are others who are interested in riding with us out there we would be willing to go I've already rented a or reserved a an SUV that can comfortably see about seven people so far we have three people that are good to go so we have room for about four before more people so if you're interested in joining us for that road trip should we decide to take it it actually actually would depend on the interest that we would have for those who want to ride with us so if you're interested in joining us you can email me and info at truth and fire.com and I will then give you details about what this would entail and if this sounds good to you then we can all meet up in ela and ride out together that morning get there that afternoon or that evening enjoy the conference Friday the evening and up till Saturday afternoon and drive back okay that is only if you're interested in your own and only for those who are in the LA area or will be in the LA area on the 20th of March okay so with that said thank you guys so much for listening I pray that you got something beneficial from Britney's and my chat today and I look forward to bringing you guys more content that you can use not only for your spiritual edification but to apply it to your day-to-day Life as a believer that you may live a life that glorifies the Lord and all that you do and that you bear good fruit okay so with that said talk to you guys in two weeks thank you for listening truth and fire the podcast has been brought to you by truth and fire.com where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective thank you for tuning in if you enjoyed Today's Show let us know you can find us on Twitter Facebook or Instagram at very fit and food that's ve are ite tfeu and don't forget to like share and subscribe we hope you'll join us next time thanks for listening