So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to the bottom of something. Because the idea is showing up because of Bernie because you know, if we like Bernie we're going to get bread lines because he's a socialist. Okay, first Bernie's not a socialist. He's a Social Democrat. This is made even more confusing by the fact that he's described often as a Democratic Socialist. None of his policies are socialists. They are the policies of a Social Democrat politicians often get described as something they are not take a look at Trump. He's often described as a republican when he's really a fascist. That's how that works. It's not it's he's not a socialist but the idea the mean Is the breadline thing? Socialism brings poverty. That's the idea. Is it true? There are four countries today that self identify as marxist-leninist to keep it simple with absolutely. No new odds were just going to say hardcore socialists. Alright, certainly. If this idea was true. Those would be the four poorest countries on the planet. Are they? No not even close. Certainly. One of them is at least in like the ten poorest now 20 poorest now 30 40 50 60 70. No, no, no. No. No, you have to get up to 95. It's Laos. Those countries incidentally are Cuba China Laos and Vietnam. There are nine more countries that reference socialism in their constitution, but they aren't full-blown socialists. Okay, certainly. Those are the poorest countries. Now if you were to take the bottom 50 poorest countries two of them would be on that list. To incidentally both of those countries Tanzania and Ghana. Both of them are countries that were pillaged via colonialism by capitalist Society until the 1960s. If you were to exclude those you would have to get up to 87 before you find a country that mentioned socialism and its Constitution. Those other countries by the way are Algeria Bangladesh Ghana India and North Korea Nicaragua Portugal Sri, Lanka and Tanzania. so out of the 50 poorest countries 96% are operating under some form of a capitalist Society some form of a capitalist economy. Some cases. They're mixed. It certainly doesn't seem like the breadline thing is true when you look at countries like Cuba who is 147th. Then you have to factor in the fact that they've been sanctioned for decades. They've had decades worth of sanctions hitting their economy. And they're still a hundred forty-seven. Another way to look at this would be to go from the other side. What are the five most powerful economies in the world? Two of them are on this list. It's just not true. It's cold war propaganda that needs to go away China. And India China is always in the top five India were Falls between three and six depending on the year. It's just a falsehood. We need to keep in mind that shortly before the bread lines. There were people in the United States selling their children because they couldn't afford to feed them. It's just not true. It's almost like the economic system and the governmental system aren't always connected. One of the other things that we need to keep in mind, is that socialism? attempts in theory to eliminate poverty capitalism requires poverty It's not a defect. It's a planned feature of it. It's the stick to go along with the carrot. If you are a good little boy or girl and you're a good consumer and you play by all the rules and you do what you're supposed to you get the carrot of the middle class. If you don't you get the stick to knock you out into the street and to poverty. poverty is the silent ever-present policeman That keeps the capitalist system moving. The breadline thing just needs to go away. It's not true. Anyway, it's just a thought y'all. Have a good night.