Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already had FX in the region but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell Asia stocks. They hire stock guy. Let's call him lie, because Lee worked Asia hours from New York a job. Also Loosely referred to as the suicide shift. We didn't see a lot of them, but one night. I came back into the office late to pick something up and we get to talking. I asked Lee how he got the job here and he tells me the most important investment the fund wanted to make was Taiwan semiconductor, and he just told the people interviewing him. He spoke Taiwanese. People from Taiwan do not speak Taiwanese. When I pointed this out to lie. He laughs and confesses. He doesn't even speak Mandarin that he's a fifth generation immigrant in his only real link to Asia was his great-grandfather who used to import heroin from relatives in China and sell it out of a Long Island laundromat. He managed to get his job here at one of the most prestigious hedge funds on the planet through what is known as blindness blindness at our human resources back then Blindness blindness is when you have a level of ignorance that is so deep. And so profound that you can't even tell you know, nothing about a subject. Well, well, I thought to myself what else did my firm know about Taiwan. It turns out Taiwan is actually the easiest Market in the world to trade for a start. It's only open for four hours. Not only that but companies can only release information to investors over a strict time period prior to Market open. So a Trader didn't even need to track news. After the market closed, I guess you have to be extra investor friendly when your island is right next to a billion Chinamen that want to turn it into a parking lot for the Communist parties Yachts back then investors could buy and sell stocks through Soul Securities at kiosks on an actual Street and the Taiwanese were generally so efficient and orderly that indecisive people would occasionally get stabbed to death when the lines got too long. Sounds like my kind of Market. It's such an easy gig that Lee ends up with too much time on his hands and begin spending most of it on a new dating technology called match.com. Remember online dating only took off after Barry Diller bought match in 1999. I'm going to guess this story is based in 2001 or 2002 back then even email had a certain novelty to it because the works the night shift in New York. He doesn't go out on any real dates, but he becomes online friends with a bunch of girls. And because he never tries to close the deal with any of them. We're talking real friends the sort of person someone might speak to every day a crutch for a girl who's lonely and frightened in the big city. He only sees the girls for lunch or coffee and in the evenings when they're out drinking and partying he's in the office writing these long heartfelt replies to all their boring daytime complaints in the early morning before he left the office to go home to sleep without fail. He'd send each one of these women. Have a great day. This goes on for about six months. Now as a rule real operators didn't take holidays back then every day and week seemed far too important terrorism War recession epidemics political drama corporate malfeasance accounting scandals. Frankly. There was just so much happening at boggles the mind that we manage to cope with it all however, working the Asia shift takes a toll on a person even if you're doing nothing but messing around on match.com likely was you still had to be in the office. The sun was setting and ride a desk until the European guys came in to relieve you around two am also HR was getting into the touchy-feely stage and they started to Institute mandatory one week holidays on the trading desk. It's least turn to take a break and he plans to spend four days visiting his family in Ohio and then a long weekend and Augusta when I hear about this I say, I'm sorry about Ohio and hope he hits it straight in Augusta. Lee gives me a weird look and asks what I mean, so I explained it to New Yorkers. Ending that the entire state of Ohio is a shit hole and it's a shame. He has to visit such a crappy place on his holiday, but Lee's used to our sense of humor by now when he really wants to know is what I meant by hit it straight when I explained. It's a golf expression. He makes the connection but then says he's not going to Augusta to watch or play golf instead some guys from HSBC are coming in from Hong Kong and they had free hotel rooms there. So he's tagging along for something to do. Whoa, this doesn't mean much nowadays because the Chinese and Britt's gelded HSBC some ten years ago, but the trading desks at HSBC used to be populated by crazy people back in the early 2000s. Not only that the Traders from Hong Kong were Apex alpha males insane people with unlimited expense accounts that terrified even me with the proclivity for Bedlam and debauchery. I shake my head. No way was Lee going to hit it straight. Now this podcast is running short of time. So what HSBC got up to it? The Masters weekend at Augusta will have to be Revisited another week. But suffice it to say leave returns from this little Excursion a changed man. He's in the airport coming back from the trip when he gets a text from a brokerage firm called aqua Securities Aqua had a front-end software program that would allow by side traders to cross stock without shopping it through the street. It was in the early years of disintermediating the big Banks and was a great Back, then with top-shelf salespeople. One of these guys has a table for ten at a black-tie fundraiser called Robin Hood at Lincoln Center even back then a table at this event probably said Aqua back 50 Grand the sales guy needs to fill six seats and Lisa has no problem that he'll take them all then he gets online and invites all of his match.com girls lean meats everyone at the Empire Hotel before the event and there's another client. They're an important portfolio manager from one of the biggest Emerging Market hedge funds on the street then each of the match.com girl shows up one by one in their fancy dresses all thinking they were going to spend an extra special evening with their friendly. So there's a little uneasiness at first but Lee initially pulls it off like it was the most natural thing in the world. Remember he'd been playing the friend card with these girls for six months in some cases. These see is the client there talking to his to Aqua sales guys and the client introduces his wife Indus Lee says, hi Indus and these are my dates Susie. Elizabeth-jane, Mary and Jenny. It's already a super weird situation, but then lie leads them in a round of tequila shots and begins talking about a dragon tattoo. He got over the weekend. He tells the group The Dragon wins all the way down his chest and breathe fire near his cock. All five dates look at him in shock. When he says this. They thought they were at the end of a cheesy 80s movie where the beautiful heroine has had her fill of dating jocks or struggling in the big city, then finally falls in love with the nerdy guy and lives happily ever after but instead of John Cusack holding a boom box. They realized they might be getting into a three-way with Harvey Keitel from Bad Lieutenant. The girls I each other where Lee after this the whole group heads over to Lincoln Center and the charity has spared no expense members of New York Philharmonic are playing everywhere you look there are waiters and tuxedos offering champagne. This is the Pinnacle of New York high society and it's been infiltrated by a Taiwanese imposter with a dragon tattoo and a newly acquired taste for Mayhem. Now the story gets a bit confusing here, but my best reconstruction of it is that all five of the girls drink too much champagne. Jane given The Surreal situation they find themselves in perhaps understandably. So two of them were pissed at Lee and left at the first opportunity two of them started competing for his affections and the one from New Jersey got drunk and crazy. She's talking too loudly during the speeches spilling food being generally offencive. Now people on Wall Street generally have a high tolerance for bad personal Behavior, but not necessarily in front of the clients and certainly not in front of their clients wives. So one of the aqua salespeople is red-faced and yelling at her across the table in no time. He wants me to take her outside, but he's busy describing to the other two girls how the scales on his Dragon Tattoo change color as it gets closer to his crotch as the sales guy gets up to escort her out of the event. She slaps him clean across the face. It's a perfect hit so loud half the people in the fundraiser Grimace and the other half turned their chairs to see what they're missing out on even the Philharmonic violinist put down their bows. One of these remaining dates stands up to intervene and in short order. The two of them are now in each other's faces two white girls throwing out street talk. What's up, bitch you want some that's sort of ridiculous stuff. Then there's some pushing one of them spits on the other a punch gets thrown and all of a sudden they're like a couple of Vegas strippers fighting over a High Roller in the VIP room, the two of them fall against the table. So violently the candle set the centerpiece on fire which wasn't helpful because the centerpiece wasn't on. Fire when they showed up it's like MMA but with sequins flashing and flying all over the place, one of the girls dresses is ripped down the side and you can see her red wonderbra underneath but this just seems to push her to a higher level of Fury and she redouble her efforts coming away with a huge clump of hair. It was an epic showdown and the table was on fire. Everyone's on their feet, but Lee's just sitting back watching it unfold with the satisfaction of the insufferably young and remember these weren't even the HSBC guys from Hong Kong. That's how hard those Traders used to roll back in the early 2000s mirror proximity to them would cause a wave of chaos reverberating for days afterwards. It's a whole new batch of stories. I'm really excited to write about I feel like a drunk who's fallen over to discover a forgotten bottle of Johnny Black Under My Bed. I can't wait. Episode 72 of occupy a job on Wall Street will be out soon.