The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there isI'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic life choice for you really don't have any control over that's what isn't therapy, right? That's why I'm in therapy too. But I don't think well, I don't think of our this career option is like a really like, I've got it. I've got a handle on things. You don't you're not in charge. Of job opportunities or if you get them or if you're overworked again, you're not not every things outside of your control right now minutes every Tuesday night sure, we control which sometimes feels like enough to spill over until your other Reckless hurricane of Life. Hmm. Yeah. I don't know if you're listening and you're thinking about your life's out of control you think about starting stand up. I would encourage you to maybe just go to therapy do that. Even if you feel like your life's in control. Thing about doing stand-up. This is good advice. Yes. Go to therapy. Yes, you don't need that type of attention. You need therapy. Most people I've met in Los Angeles need therapy and to their credit a lot of them are receiving it but this is just general advice. Yeah, but none of them are getting it from the kind of therapist that goes now paint a picture about how you feel and that's a no. That's our our we should trade therapists and just see if it works better. Okay, that would be fun. Why isn't that a TV show sure therapist wat? Okay. Cheating spouses but a therapist, uh, don't wanna brag but my therapist went to film school so it's not going great. Not what that's not what you want to hear when you get home. Is that is that your doctor also went to film school so much smarter than anybody I know. Okay. Well hmm devastating good therapist five dollar copay. Oh, you know, he's doing the best. I think I consider myself like a pretty combative and You're at patient because I can't because of my confidence. Okay, and so he's he's only taken over recently and and he's doing the best he can I don't want to well you're just screaming at the top of your voice and like I am now, yeah, it's very scary. Well, I think it's a good time to get down to it. Don't you great. Well are are incredibly soothing voice guest this week a very Funny comedian. I know you from seeing you perform. Mostly. Wow. It's true stand up hosting Jason glasses here. Thank you. So nice to be here. Yeah, we're tree. Thank you so much. Thank you for replicating the sound I hear all the time now hot. Yeah. Thank you so much make the breeze Jason you are here with the theory that I not really a theory. I mean, it's a theory the way that gravity is a theory speaking of things being too hot. Okay, you're bringing the spice. You're here with a a take on History. It is new to me. Sure an exciting sure. Would you like to tell our listeners what you're here to talk about? Well as A similar series know like majority and as the majority of man's do believe there's some inconsistencies with the John F. Kennedy assassination the Warren report. Claimed that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone. He used the gun. He bought out of a magazine for $12 to shoot a moving Target three times in six seconds from a window like a hundred yards away more than yours thousand feet away behind the oak tree and then it was just sort of like a loan lunatic and there's a million inconsistencies with just the Practical elements of that story. And that's because the government killed John F Kennedy now, I assume we could just start from there, right? Okay. Alright, that's alright. That's good. We have to Date that 2x because I think of that is like the Occam's razor explanation. This is the part where I think of me as a conch shell on the beach and whatever falls into my ears. I'm open to it at this point. Sure in the my starting point. Is that obviously the John F Kennedy assassination the government killed John FK, they got to get away with it. Okay. I think that's like a really reasonable assert ation. They killed many other world leaders in the 50s and 60s. They certainly tried to kill a many political leader killed. They killed many. Any they were surveilling and probably murdering civil rights leaders. Did he know killing or throwing over South America Middle East governments? All of this is is not even disputed knowledge any more like that's a it's a verified fact that they were involved in these various killings outside of the US. Yes, and I mean Trump just killed a very high-level Iranian military leader. So we're still we're still hadn't sure and yeah, we didn't stop crime ever we are. Still the world's leading purveyors of crime political force or whatever. I don't think we do more crimes than anyone else but we are the world Authority just like the British used to be and get our hands in a lot of stuff. We got a lot of agencies up to some high Jinks and stuff blackmailing Martin Luther King that's verified fact kill Malcolm X sure just yet and you know weird stuff will never hear about and I think Occam's razor if you look at the basic agreed-upon facts of the county As a nation is that there's just a lot of hijinks involved and I think the most logical explanation is that the CIA which hated him FBI which hated him and was deeply enmeshed with the mob and Cuban Exiles deeply involved in organized crime. There is a verified fact Kill them we didn't like them and they considered him a threat. I know this is hard to believe but they considered the liberal president threat to business in oil interests in business as usual and it's hard for us to think back now and see how they might be hostile to that kind of little politician. Yeah, somebody who's sort of is like I'm deliberately not going to take money from corporations. Maybe just maybe you know throughout the environment like yeah, I'm sympathetic to Communism socialism. He's not even he wasn't I'm only sorry sure. Sure. Yeah, Barack Obama and famous communist, but the see I had the motive and the means and they were on the scene and it's pretty clear from the available agreed-upon facts than Undisputed facts that Lee Harvey Oswald was some kind of Espionage CIA person his backstory pre assassination is a truly bizarre backstory that does not withstand the slide. A bit of scrutiny he went to Russia and came back which is like joining the Taliban today and then coming back you're not and he did it very publicly of the press conference. He was on the front page and evening news in Miami. This is stood a tool on this is people but this is a just a random citizen was on the front page 1960. He was the leader of free play for Cuba, which was a CIA front organization at Sheridan address with the CIA had offices in the South. They were on opposite sides of the hall just to completely unrelated organizations. Pro-communist pro-castro organization to then also the CIA and so he went on the news. He's an agitator. He's basically it was trying to Gin up other like-minded people. He's a troll shit and failed. No, he's just a government guy who's trying to he's trying to Advocate on behalf of Cuba to see if anyone will join them or to just infiltrate groups or to just generate various, whatever and so as a young age A marine he defected to Cuba was almost national news that this random person same is the kid from Marin that was a captured with the Taliban shortly after 9/11 who sure use that word. That was the nickname the government gave him. He's just a guy he's just a guy that joint Islam and was living in take up arms against the US government or anything guys know he was charged with taking up arms against the US. Because he was captured in F Gana Stan when we invaded Afghanistan, but he wasn't he didn't go to Afghanistan after we were with them. He simply converted to Islam and was in the middle and just went to an active war zone. It was not an act of War Zone when he went there. Well, I got to look it up. All right fine. I just have to take your word 20 minutes. We know we're here to talk about your buddy John today. The point is we've both heard of him. Yes and Lee Harvey Oswald pre becoming famous for killing John F. Kennedy was the same thing. He was a nationally famous, but he made both local evening. News and front page Miami News when and and some national news for sure when he has an ex-marine publicly held a press conference and defected to the Soviet Union and he went to the Soviet Union. He's a bleep. He's a high-school Dropout. Just just to set the scene a almost graduate of the fine public schooling that the South had to offer in the 50s and he went to the Soviet Union Soviet Union assumed of course, he was a spy. He interviewed him about what are you doing here? And he's like, I you know, I want to join true comrade cause and they're like, no seriously. What are you? Why would you do that? Absolutely weird. It's not good here. What are you doing? Just what is this? And so they put him under they put him in, you know housing with a could have him under 24-hour surveillance by team because they assumed he was 100% a spy as you would no one else had ever been like I want to live under the gulag, please. I just can't wait to get to Siberia. And so he went to Russia. They were extremely skeptical of him. Of course. They surveilled him non-stop trying to figure out what this weirdo is doing. He met his wife the person that became his wife while he was in Russia when she first met him, he'd been I think he'd been we should I Google this later if you're listening at home. He'd been in the country less than six weeks High School Dropout from from I want to say, Louisiana and he spoke such fluent Russian. And she didn't realize he wasn't Russian. So let's just think about the lot like what's the Occam's razor of someone that a 20 year old a high school dropout? Whoo-hoo defects publicly to Russia and then when he gets there other Russians don't recognize that he's not Russian. Who is this story from public records about Lee Harvey Oswald. This is well knowing who know know who like who was the person that said I couldn't believe he wasn't Russian his wife grbic future his girlfriend and wife. So he's on was from Russia. Yes, and so he lived in Russia under constant surveillance. Russians are pretty confused waiting to see what with the what was this. How are you trying to what is this? Like? Why is this Marine here? Why does he speak Russian? Why would anyone defects to our country? Like we work for the government? But why don't we look like you'd be crazy to come here. What like we're not true believers per se and he was there and after maybe a year and a half he decided to run renounce he had renounces. American citizenship at the press conference publicly and he decided to under announce it and come back to America whereupon he was allowed to return and bring his wife and I just want you to like walk walk through if someone joined is someone in 2002 was like held a press conference ex-marine was like Hey, I renounce my American citizenship. I'm moving. I'm moving to Afghanistan. I want to hang out with Bin Laden. Goodbye forever. Would they let him back? Would they let him bring someone with him a year and a half later? No, he's a government agent. It's the simplest and most logical explanation which government the American government he's designed to he's a spy. He's a Marine that's being sent on missions like standing in Miami agitating on behalf of cute behalf of Fidel Castro, you know angering the people that live in Miami at that time all of whom are not all of them, but, you know huge Cuban Refugee population. He's designed there to be Society. He's designed, you know, he's running these types of or operations to just chin up things. He says he's a spy. He's not James Bond, but he's doing Espionage Miami. He was trying to stir up like like rile up Communists like yes, he was trying to he was trying to he was trying to see who would go along with them are invited to some other real meeting or anything the same way that the CIA FBI and police to this day infiltrate environmentalist groups black lives matters for a fact was in Traded by government agents, of course all the 60s things Martin Luther King's right-hand man was an FBI agent. That's what j-- Edgar Hoover's Mo was it's what still happening today in terms of the the any sort of, you know protest movement that threatens capitalism or this the set order the power holders and that's what he was doing. And and that's I don't think of that as a conspiracy theory. I think it's a conspiracy to say that it's he's a regular 20 year old American and who for no known reason speaks fluent Russian. He publicly renounces his citizenship goes to Russia and then comes back later with a woman and is allowed to come back here and not just put into Is given a Visa for that give me a break. Mmm. So you don't think Lee Harvey Oswald did it? Who do you think did it? Well, I don't know. I'm don't necessarily think Lee Harvey Oswald's not involved in the assassination. He said he wasn't okay. I'm saying Lee Harvey Oswald is a CIA asset. Okay. And so if we Harvey Oswald the CIA asset for a fact even if he did do it, then it's a CIA hit but it's very physically impractical that he did it from His vantage point and in the in the time allotted he supposed to fire three shots in 5.6 seconds the gun. He uses a gun you buy out of the back of American Rifleman. It's like the cheapest gun. You can buy in researching this I stumbled onto a weird Gun website where they were like very clearly the most exciting thing about the JFK assassination was like music a we got ya here's a gun you would give like a 12 year old to like shoot in the vicinity of a deer an Italian gun, and it's not not even literally a gun you order. Out of the back of a magazine. It's the cheapest worst gun, you could buy and so not only is it a bizarre choice to use for a plot like he ordered it from a magazine shortly in a shortly before the assassination, but just spend an extra eight dollars get a gun that has a site that works get a gun that and so he supposed to have Fired off three shots and 5.6 seconds we know is 5.6 seconds because we have the Zapruder footage. It's the only film footage we have even though 16 or 17 people were filming the assassination. I saw 23, right? There's people in the Zapruder film holding film cameras, not to mention still photography doesn't mean they were filming at the exact second of these essays but we have we have people had cameras were similar to iPhones today tons of people when they went to go see the president in 1963 brought there. Camera cluding tons of film enthusiasts using Super 8 and only one of those 17 people at least filming at the moment or within a minute of the assassination. We have one of those films And from that film in 5.6 seconds. Those are the three approximate. Those are the three gunshots. And so you have to you have to make Lee Harvey Oswald fire three shots hit three times. He's three for three firing three shots and 5.6 seconds, but you have to you have to cock the gun. Hmm. And so he's in a he's from a weird Vantage Point hitting a moving Target from behind, you know from the corner of a window that has an oak tree in the way and it's very impractical that he could have done it. But also what we have in this app router film, which was not seen publicly until 1975. Hmm. So-so zap zap router filmed the assassination Zapruder and the footage was shown to Dan Rather that day Dan Rather went on the air and he said that Kennedy was you know shot from behind and thrown forward and that was the report within 24 hours of the assassination at Dan Rather was allowed to see this footage and he went on the air and he said he said that Kennedy was very clearly in this footage and that and that's because the footage wasn't ever supposed to be seen by anyone else and in 1969 the district attorney in New Orleans filed conspiracy charges conspiracy to murder the president against people Mobsters in New Orleans, and he subpoenaed the footage and when he got the footage Jim Garrison made 100 copies of it the District Tournament 100 copies of it and mailed it to 100 people because he thought that it was the only way that to ensure the footage wouldn't be destroyed because there's at least 16 other people that film that day. We've never heard or seen and have any idea what happened to the footage. I think if you were filming anything when the president was shot you would you would personally know what happened to that footage. So step Zapruder film was subpoenaed and Garrison sent it out to news agencies universities. He sent it out to everyone as soon as he got he spent they stayed up all night just making copies of it and mailing it out because he wasn't it weren't he weren't gonna close Pandora's Box and it's because that footage of very clearly shows the back of JFK's head exploding over the back of that trunk shows Jackie climbing onto the trunk to pick up John's brains. And Dan Rather watch that in light and he lied to say that the shot through the president forward in a way that indicates he was shot from behind and he thought that lie would work because no one was ever supposed to see this footage. The footage was actually sold privately it's evidence of its evidence in a murder. Hmm, but it wasn't subpoenaed it was sold. It was sold to a Life Magazine which ran each frame. It's a 27 seconds or something a train each frame in a shoe. Life Magazine, except for one and the frames are out of order to also make the president look like he's thrown forward and not back. Hmm. And that's a big air to make it's a specific are to make and they thought they'd get away with it because no one they own the footage. They bought the footage the footage was in their vault. They thought no one would ever see the footage or plate have access to the real footage. And so now twice now this mistakes been made this innocent mistake where Dan rather's the only person allowed to see this footage and he missed Describes it in a way that bolsters the as then yet, whatever but like, oh the guy we got Works in this building and therefore, he's the guy that shot him because Kennedy was thrown forward Life Magazine makes the same innocent mistake, but it because the district attorney in New Orleans subpoena the footage we've seen the footage. You can watch it on YouTube John's brains were everywhere. They round the back of the trunk Jackie climbs onto the trunk to in the Panic to pick up her husband's brains and skull. The driver of the car behind the presidential motorcade had the president's bones and blood on him the driver behind a windshield 10 feet behind the president has blood on him and it's because the president was at the very least probably shot from several angles simultaneously. Okay, there's blood and plates are everywhere blub blub and Blaine's the Presidents had exploded and that's clear in the Zapruder footage which we were never supposed to see it's because the president Wasn't shot from behind or wasn't shot only from behind it's because many shots were filed science fired simultaneously probably from two or three angles and a triangulation. He was shot as he went through a turn in a basically into a trap is where this car drove. It was not supposed to drive through that part of Daley Plaza. The schedule was changed possibly innocently, but they drove him through this place that had many avenues for snipers to triangulate a shot from every angle and probably what happened is that Shots were fired simultaneously. So it's hard to distinguish how many shots were fired certainly many bullets were found and the official story is that those are just extra bullets horses. The Magic Bullet. That's the official theory is the Magic Bullet and I've written down what this bullet did for it, but it's not this is the official Warren report. He's got the full warranty because I could not there was no way I was going to remember off the top of my head what this you have to account for all the bullets that are found. Um, Have to it's the law. Otherwise, it means there's more than one shooter, which means it's a conspiracy this Conspiracy Theory comes from the JFK. And it doesn't mean as a VJ FK come to the JFK assassination and conspiracy theory doesn't refer to a crackpot can it refers to the fact that Lee Harvey Oswald must be in a criminal conspiracy with one more person or more because he's not the only shooter. That's the theory. So here's here's what the first bullet did according to the Warren Commission the 10-month government investigation. The first shot struck JFK in the neck. It went through his body at punctured his right lung. It came out the front of his body and nicked the left side of the tie knot. So picture picture the back of your neck your right lung and the left part of your tie knot. This is using some pretty strange position can't rule it out, but it's a little weird around and then struck the governor sitting in the seat ahead of him in the front of the car. What part of the body is the Governor under his armpit where it broke his rib cage it shattered for ribs. It exited under his right nipple and then re-entered his right wrist shattering his right wrist exiting his right palm and then it lodged in his thigh. Okay. So this shot from a from a Walmart rifle. Hmm. It's just paying around is pretty good shot. Huh? Like one of the coolest best Sharp Shooters of all time. That's what it did. We cool. I mean just a like a video game. One in a million trickshot you would upload to Youtube. Now, of course the second or third shot the Warren Commission couldn't decide blows the back of JFK skull all over the trunk. Ouch. All right. There are some other bullets that guy standing 230 feet away was struck by a bullet that bounced off a Pavement. Also later, they found a bullet lodged in the windshield frame of the limo, and they said that was just there. That's the official just like there was that from like an earlier, you know how there's bullets and cars. And so what what really happened we don't know who the shooters were with the conspiracy was but it's illogical to say that there wasn't more than one shooter, especially because it's impossible for Oswald who have fired three shots in the time frame allotted and to have hit anything and so let's come back to Dan Rather. Why was Dan Rather? I was staying rather on the news the day after the assassination in Dallas. Ting this Dan Rather Twist dance, he wasn't supposed to be there. No, he was not supposed to be there. He was not an on-air personality. He worked for CBS News. He was the bureau chief in New Orleans. He was the southern bureau chief. He had worked previously for CBS in New York where they tried him out on air and it hasn't worked and they sent him down to the south on the day of the assassination Dan Rather decided to drive from New Orleans to Texas not even to Dallas. He decided to return some footage to someone On the morning of you decide to just skip work go on a nice four-hour drive to drop off some some footage from an old interview that they promised they'd mail to the guy and then after you dropped off he decide to get lunch in Dallas drove another 90 minutes to Dallas and when the assassination barbecue to be fair when the assassination was happening these are these are dance words later. Yes. Dallas is a pretty big town. I think right is this Danner? Is this you Dan Rather. This is gonna be a quote from Dan Rather Dallas is a pretty large American city. Am I indeed of it's you or if it's Dan not mistaken. You're not quoting day. No, not yet. I'm setting this up. Okay. Yes Dallas large if you're talking Dallas-Fort Worth. Okay, Dan rather's size to get lunch in Dallas when the assassination happened. He was on the other side of the river tracks. This is a quote on the other side of the railroad tracks behind the triple underpass 30 yards from the grassy knoll. That would later figure in so many conspiracy theories when the assassination happenstance standing in a railroad yard. Behind a fence at the top of the grassy knoll in a train yard where private train yard not a place that anyone has public access to where trains would switch tracks like an industrial train switching station where dance just like I guess hanging out kind of unaware the president. Is there according to him. He was like, oh there's a bunch of fuss over there by the hears a commotion. He walks up the Flint River Side of the grassy knoll and comes. The grassy knoll where people are panicking because the president has just been murdered and he's like, hey, what's happening? What's going on there? Like the president's years ago. The president was he's like, yeah, he's been shot. He's like what? Oh who did this who could have done such a thing so bad and so cool. I also had that shot I missed it. That's so crazy. I was just hanging out and totally normal place to hang out in the Train on the train tracks over over where the sniper was. Yes, and that's that's that's not a conspiracy about Dan Rather. That's his story of what happened that day. His story is that he went into work in New Orleans that morning he decided to personally Drive footage back for hours to a farm in Texas you decide to not go back to work. He said to go to Dallas. He was just hanging out in Dallas hanging out in a train yard like you do when Perhaps a hundred feet from him on the other side of a hill. The president was assassinated and Dan Rather goes on TV within an hour because he's the he's the CBS person that happens to be just very most most media most media that was following the presidential trip to Texas was waiting for him at his destination. They weren't writing behind him or filming this motorcade the motorcades going from one place to another you're not they weren't where the assassination was. Stan was just very lucky guy. And so those on CBS Walter Cronkite has some on and he goes on CBS a lot in the next two days. He's the reporter on the scene for the one of the biggest news stories of all time. And you know the next day he's allowed to see the Zapruder footage almost no one else was ever allowed to see it. He was allowed to see it. He misreported what it was. He was reported in a way that frames Oswalt as the shooter. He says, oh, yes, it definitely came out of there. He also he goes on TV and he reports and local CBS Affiliates and people that worked at CBS in Texas were mad at him probably mad at him to this day. If they're still alive. He went on the air within 24 hours of the cessation possibly in the first hour, and he reported that when it was announced that school was canceled over over local Dallas over the PA system at Dallas schools the children applauded and that's not true, but it is inflammatory. Natori and it's setting up. It's the same as people that say that residents of New Jersey Muslim residents of New Jersey celebrated when the Twin Towers fell it's a it's not it's not just false. It's false in a malicious way. It's saying that Dallas is of course it unsafe place for the president what has happened here isn't as crazy as it seems of course the president would get shot in Dallas the schoolchildren applauded when they heard that he had been killed which is not true. And so he goes on the air a lot in the next. Today's and actually the next 40 years this story makes his career. Oh, yes never stops in 1965. He didn't like who really shot JFK special true better to tell you guy that was standing where the Assassin was when it happened but didn't didn't see anything of note. I love the and be original Nightcrawler. So in Dan rather's Nightcrawler 1964 like a having had a year of reporting about this online. He's promoted by CBS to the White House correspondent he becomes Sunday and Saturday night Sunday evening news anchor he's he becomes cbs's guy for the next 40 years. So this this just being in the right place at the right time made dance career and Dan as you say went on he did many for night specials hour-long specials recap 10th anniversary things to bolster the Warren report debunked people that question the Warren report. He devoted immense amounts of time and effort to downplay and they had to do that because even in 55 66 30 to 60 percent of the people did not believe the government story. And when the Warren report came out majority of Americans thought it was nonsense. And so there had to be a pain. I got pushed back efforts in a previous episode of this podcast. I want to correct myself. I said like nobody at the time thought that it was a conspiracy, please in Watergate 40% of Americans were like there's something fishy about this. We're not being told the whole story. He then got agree on what it will whole story was it's because the Warren reports version of events does not make sense. And so Dan has to go on the air and make these specials. And and so you have to ask. Well, what why did Dan Rather why did you have to ask that? Why did they try? The only thing anyone's ever asking Dan Rather? What were you doing in Dallas that day of all the places to be of all the places to be? He was standing in a train yard on the other side of the grassy knoll for no reason. No reason he's ever just a whim and it's nonsense. It doesn't rust and one second of scrutiny and it's because Dan Rather, he's not a CIA agent. He's a CIA asset Dan Rather is a reporter. He has sources in the CIA people that feed him stories. He's a very good CIA asset because he's the southern bureau chief of CBS News and when they want to plant a story about Cuban threat in my in Miami or in or in Cuba or Missile Crisis when they want to keep themselves out of the news or put something into the news. He's their guy. He's the source he has sources in the government and those sources report to him like well, this is what I'm hearing. Uh, and it's it's a story they want to plant so someone told him to be there that day. He didn't go there necessarily knowing the president was going to be shot. But he got a call from one of his sources a CIA Source who's like You need to be in Dallas today go to Dealey Plaza. Okay, and he does and when he gets there it's because they CIA needs their media people their assets to be there in order to massage the story based on what happens? Okay, and he massages that story so Dan Rather didn't shoot anybody. Let me make sure he sure was standing where the shooter was. Okay. Do you think that he did it? I think Dan Rather is complicit in the Kennedy assassination. OK. He is an active participant in the cover-up. He is a government asset. Okay. I'm not saying he's like a CIA guy that became a journalist. He's a journalist that has CIA. He's he's a he's working in cahoots with the CIA the way that many people did the way that you would be up informant to basically and it goes both ways. He can bounce stories off them and they'll give him background about about stories and when they want to plant a story Or take a story out that reflects badly on them or might expose an operation. They tell them hey, this will blow up an operation you're putting agents at risk. If you publish this. Why don't you publish this thing about how this guy is a communist? Okay, and for a fact many newspaper people at that time, we're on had this type of relationship with the CIA. Sometimes I paid relationship with the CIA as the think about if you were running a secret police. This is what you would try and do you would try and have friends at the major newspapers at the major networks that you could control them. Judging information about the government in your operations. The various things you're doing and also to plant things that would damage your political enemies both foreign and domestic. When do you think they got to him like one in his career? Because he sort of like one to journalism. I mean well was in like a car probably right away, like I say, it's not malicious that he's an ass. He is a CIA asset his sources are he has sources in the government and they have given him stories before they've seen him in our Direction. He's able to bounce things off of them. Like hey, I'm hearing this. Is that true or whatever? Okay, and Somebody told them to go to Dallas that day and when he was in Dallas, they they gave him access to the Zapruder film. Think about that. He's the he's one of three people that saw the Zapruder film. Basically a random guy sameen Walter Cronkite didn't see it. NBC didn't see it. This one guy that was there in Dallas for no reason saw it and he went on air and a miss reported in a way that supports the kind of Lone Gunman Theory Dan rather's version of this so So the version of this is Dan Rather says that sort of journalists at life were saying the same thing at the time was that Abraham Zapruder did what he had to do he gave his you know, he allowed the government to the cops to look at his footage. Then he went to his lawyer and the lawyer put out a the word to a couple of different news outlets life and CBS, which rather was working for and said, hey Abraham Zapruder is taking bids and whoever bids the highest gets the Zapruder film and so report. From Life reporters from a couple other outlets went to the lawyer's office. This is what Dan Rather says saw the film multiple people. Yeah, then they they were assigned by their news Outlet to go watch it. Then they went back and told them whether it was worth paying for. Yeah, so damn some of them went on air and misreported with age of 20. They misreported a 27 second piece of footage. We got the major fact that wrong he went and saw it in a lawyer's office. He sought one time he raced across town over the cbsa. She forgot the part where Jack he's climbing on the trunk. Is this this version? He went back to CBS. He said hey everybody. This is what happened was a brutal film. Okay, if her son of Judah Saturday on the back of his head and I'm blood everywhere and their shoulder in the Thai not habitable Rouge but and then they're like get on here right now and say tell them what you saw and he was like, okay - no, I'm getting makeup on now. I'm putting my suit on. Okay, here we go. So he gets into the car as an ice road with outside at I not know this shit has a beautiful that's his version you're saying that's bullshit. His version doesn't Contradict anything I've they both sent him doesn't countries anything. I've just said why is why is he in Dallas that day and why does he go on the air and misreport? I want if you're listening to this look up its 27 seconds. Go look it up on YouTube watch have to wash this at Peter Phillips and tell me if you forget the Jack. He's climbing on the trunk picking up a piece of her president's Brave want to see you later pick up the presents for you don't have to yeah, his version of it is it was just an assignment do you think Yes was in on it. Do you think they were also they don't need to be they don't need to be conspiring with the CIA for what you've just said to happen. Yeah, they would know if he's doing it. He's the southern correspondent. He's in the right place at the right time. He's the reporter. So let's talk about him being in Dallas his version of it again. Sure. She's saying what Dan said is he is the southern bureau chief sure. He his bases in New Orleans for sure running small errands over the place returning footage do Go for stuff if the footage is extremely important say some kind of I don't know government thing weeks old footage of an interview that he's returning as a favor to the person being interviewed his friend who's interviewing that's his version. He drives all over the place. He does errands all the time. He's always covering stories learning. He's pretty lucky. Okay, that's true. It's weird timing. It's it's weird. It's just weird and the logical explanation is that it's not A whim it's not random that he's standing 30 feet from the cessation of the president. He's there for a reason and that reason is is not a big pre-knowledge conspiracy thing. He's there the way that the CIA had people for a fact in most bureau's most newspapers most news stations. Most everything. They have people there that you're helping your government fight communism. And when you have a story you can bounce it off of your high plank. Asset you have you know, the guy that works in some office he'll go about he'll go off the record with you to confirm or deny stuff. He's feeding you interesting stories that have gotten you. You know, you got the right a headline or you got to go on the news because this guy gave you a hot tip and and so he goes to Dallas not not anticipating. That's what's going to happen. But he does his job and he's rewarded mightily for it. Okay. Let me bring up another little Wrinkle in the story of the version that you have given me before I get into the real Fightin words. So you had mentioned he was over the river and through the woods. He's across the highway. He's under the underpass. He's right behind the grassy knoll. He's where the Assassin is and every conspiracy theory. Yes, Dan Rather. Has said that he was in the Press pain and someone who agrees with him is a bit of an enemy you to him. Let me get this right here Point Bob pure point. So about pierrepoint, press pan at the assassination. There is at the Kennedy parade. Okay through Dallas, right? So there are there's definitely pressed their their pictures of the day of JFK and Jackie O looking. This is a quote from Dan Rather. Exploring on the other side of the railroad tracks beyond the triple underpass 30 yards from grassy knoll that would later figure in so many wacky conspiracy theories. I had the word wacky, but that's his account of it in his Memoir. That's that's what he distributed. That's what he writes a couple of pages in his Memoirs that he's alone. In that quote you just sent me. No, but it's weird to be hanging on the railroad tracks. Well, he was with another journalist named Bob your point which Bob pierrepoint confirms and that there were other press there. So why would Bob pierpoint lie, I don't know who Bob pierpoint is and would you ask you the time? Yeah, CBS News. Well, yes ocbs already had people there a weird. He was CBS News has without a lot of fun hanging out at the assassination of the president. Yeah, Dan Rather was never there to report on anything. He was just no he had no good reason to be there. You bring up an excellent point. I think had a great reason he was visiting friend and then he wanted to get some of that lovely Dallas BBQ a couple of hours from where he was visiting a friend and it's already it's only noon at this point. He's done a lot today. You've never had an early lunch in a different city know I've never woken up and driven to Dallas. Oh my God. It's such a pleasure. You really sound wherever tracks and then been like. Hey guys, I'm Bob here. Is everyone running? What are you running from? It's like, oh the president's been murdered. Like what where it's like 30 feet that way funny you should ask. He actually comes down the grassy knoll is everyone else runs up it not everyone several people, you know, there's hundreds of witnesses to these Fascination hundreds. Yes, so many and several Brave witnesses to the assassination run up to the top of the grassy knoll to apprehend the shooter now because they saw the shooter but because they could tell where the shots came from didn't see someone holding a gun but they saw the president's brain explode and if you shoot a watermelon you can you can triangulate where the shot came from. Have. You tried it. And and so people, you know, hmm Brave bold large large Americans are like have seen the worst thing you could possibly see and they ran right up to where Dan Rather was standing these he strolls down the grassy knoll asking like hey what's going on? What's that ran away from the car? They ran up the grassy knoll to the fence of the top of it where where they had perceived the general vicinity of the shots to have come from so bunch of people said an active shooter situation. Let me run towards it. Yes, you can see the Us in the footage, yeah, they run away from the place where the president was just shot in the footage yes several several people run up the grassy knoll yeah, there's a lot of weird stuff in the footage and again 16 or 17 people at least film this we only have this one footage some people claim that their footage was taken by people saying that they were FBI people some some people have been never identified there's the Babushka woman there's great names for these people that are in this effort Come because it's like well, who's the woman in the Babushka filming and what where's her film? There's a grand what's her name? And what did she see in? Where's the footage of this murder? Hmm? And there's the umbrella man. Do you know the umbrella man? So he lives on Drury Lane? In photos and I've done maybe even in the Zapruder film when the president is being shot. There's a man dressed in black with a black umbrella standing in Dallas in in it's not raining that day. Remember this from the Exiles very important. There's a man with an umbrella and when the president has shot, he's pumping the umbrella up and down like a mop and a mop bucket. Hmm. It's a weird thing to be doing. Mmm, and he does it right when the shots are fired. Maybe it was just a nasty little freak. Maybe he's giving the signal to the three or four or five. First that you should fire right now. Oh and that the seven or eight shots the bullets were found everywhere. They hit all sorts of people that that half a dozen shots will happen at once and you will make sure we get this guy. I have a question for you and it does not relate to Dan Rather but I am curious. What do you believe is the Jack Ruby of it all who do you think Jack Ruby was in all of this is deeply tied to the Mob and the mob was deeply tied to the FBI and the mob had lost casinos in Cuba the Cuban Revolution and they hated Jack Kennedy. Yes, they did thank enemies and that's the truth. The Watergate burglars were also Cuban Exile Nationals, but Cube Cuban Exiles to America. We're deeply involved in FBI work even during the Nixon Administration and we're doing dirty tricks for Nixon and they had more reason than anyone to hate JFK and want him gone. And Jack Ruby was a strip club owner deeply tied to the Mob not also pretty pretty clearly involved in the government in some way not as like an employee. But again, you have your assets you have your contacts. You have your man on the street that you're getting information from if you're a spy and Jack Ruby was one of those guys. He's a he's a mobbed-up mob guy and he's a mobbed-up mabi little mobster and the fact that he's allowed that they would Publicly transport Oswald with not just Witnesses president but a man off the street a man with a gun off the street Jack Ruby who shot him who shot Lee Oswald. You've killed the one person you're gonna blame this on Oswald famously said, I'm a patsy almost his last words. We've I mean we've we've jumped over so much Oswald stuff that makes it clear. He's he's a government agent. Do you want to hear something fun? I learned about his wife. After he was killed she married Kenneth Jess Porter and he was a twice-divorced drag racer. Oh good for her and she's kind of complicated life. Honestly. I truly I'm glad that she found happiness and she had in the talk. Will you tell your girlfriend? You're actually an American it's like a weeping. We've been having a lot of fun this last few weeks. I need to tell you it's been crazy America. I've been living in Russia for four weeks now and I met you like the first week I got here this conversation by the was happening if Fashion is like just FYI from America. I grew up in America you want to go to it? We could go there. We definitely will let me back. Please get me out of the gulag will guide when Oswald came back to America a truly bizarre thing to let him do wasn't charged with any crimes wasn't whether they let him come back and let him bring a Russian with him. Truly bizarre. He He's got a pretty powerful friend in Texas a billionaire. In fact. One of George Bush's friends because all these oil guys that are in the CIA are connected hanging out drinking and you know, George Bush Senior is not only the former head of the CIA a long time CIA agent. That's how you become in charge of the agency often and So every week Oswald the high school dropout and traitor to America again, someone that has joined Al-Qaeda and then come back is hanging out with a billionaire Oil Man industrialist, but it was also an immigrant a Romanian born anti-communist billionaire these two guys know each other. Do you think you think Michael Bloomberg's ever met someone that's not a millionaire. Let alone a high school dropout / Trader to America. No, and that's because that's his contact. That's his CIA contact us the man that Oswald reports to and that man and his wife are the ones that get Oswald the job in The Book Depository. They set up all sorts of stuff for him. Oswald is a patsy but he's not a patsy like you RI are he's a he's a government agent do Doing all sorts of weird government trips and boondoggles and dirty tricks and then the government just kills their own man, when it becomes inconvenient not inconvenience on a comedian for the government at all. That's they've babe. They blamed it on him and they got away with it. Well, why would anybody ever be an asset again? If it's so obvious? I think when if you're going to ask yourself what how did the government get people to go along with this much like today's FBI and CIA something like 90% of the FBI right now. Registered and adamant Republican. Okay, that's those are the people that are running the secret police in America, you know that's public not knowledge. I did not know most people that most cops just to set the let's start at the bottom. Okay. Most cops not super liberal guys in general. If you become a cop you Yoo-hoo more often than not you have certain political beliefs and the FBI certainly the FBI in 62 63 was no exception. They it was a republican secret police thing the CIA and the FBI exist to protect corporate interests specially in South America or Cuba from being appropriated by Communist governments or just being having workers get rights or anything like that. And that's that's who works at the FBI. So for starters just like today where you know, Running they were running all this nonsense against Hillary Clinton in the last election releasing reports game doing these investigations leaking stuff New York office was leaking stuff to the press. That was damaging the Hillary Clinton didn't leak any of the stuff. That's damaging the Trump. Did he have any things in his closet? Yeah, you know fear no much till it was all about as it's all about. Clean. Kenzie was leaking like a little so pot with holes in it. So for starters colander, the FBI is staffed almost exclusively by Republicans CIO staff almost Exclusive by Republicans. The reason they exist the stuff they get involved in is, you know, infiltrating liberal causes and activist groups blackmailing people that are advocating for black civil rights undermining workers movements, etc. Etc. And all you need is a cover story that explains why you're doing it to the people that might be on the inside and ask why we've just killed the president and all they have to tell anyone that's Publican that's like what are we just do here or what are we doing? Alright, what's happening is that candy was a Trader and we have proof of it and the FBI CIA had access to this file. They'd run this thing Kennedy had traded. Classified information with Khrushchev one piece each. He wasn't a Russian agent and he wasn't conspiring with Russia in his conversation with the Russia. He had said my guys are telling me luck. They say you've got missiles here you're building up runway on this island is a bit of a Kennedy impression for a second. No. Okay. I think the spiritual side doesn't he's type. I think it's way more than Harbour Park the Cod Hobbit can try. I'm not an impressionist, but I can try if it'll help. Just paint the picture. If you don't mind Christian Christian, have they telling me they got your building missile silos second Kennedy's receiving all of this information, but he does not trust the CIA doesn't trust the CIA because in this first year as president without confirming with him, they ran the Bay of Pigs thing where they tried to kill they tried to invade Cuba and murder Castro and they didn't run it by the president first. The CIA is a rogue agency. It's running International diplomacy or Opposite of diplomacy, but they're doing things on their own without government approval. I think that's and it went badly. It was a it was a it was a controversy that it went badly. It was a disaster the Bay of Pigs it was it was a fiasco and Kennedy new president had some questions. Why are we invading countries without running it by me first, and he I believe he fired the head of the CIA for lying to him about it. And he said he was going to break the CIA into a million pieces. That's what he told his brother. Later conveniently killed by a lunatic right here in Los Angeles Sirhan Sirhan and name so nice, they used it twice and so not only with everyone that worked at CIA and the FBI conservative people there their job was to do Republican and pro corporate stuff. That's what that's what the agency was involved in. That's the work they were doing they weren't investigating. They were investigating the mafia they work in cahoots with them off. Yet to this day. The guy that was Whitney Whitey Bulger. Hmm who is in Santa Monica and was an FBI collaborator and informant who had killed people and was also the subject unwittingly of hundreds of LSD test by the MKUltra program program. We're getting we're getting not seriously. That's a fact you can Google it and I am in the Unabomber. We're both subjects of the MKUltra experiment which we know about because files were stolen that revealed the MKUltra experiment. Aunt and that's why we know that Unabomber and mass murderer mafioso Whitney burglar who got away with it. Both just happened at maybe it's a coincidence kind of weird. Wait. Can I can I Loop us back to Dan Rather because it's such a well. Let me let me say one more thing about so how so so it's like well if ten or Twenty or fifty or a hundred people know about it. Why how did they someone would leak or something? It's like, okay. No. No these this is these are people that do this for a living and they hate John F Kennedy. China's Kennedy is threatened to get rid of the CIA and the CIA is not going to let him because the CIA for a while and the FBI for a long time has been was running their own government policy. And honestly, the FBI was the government presidents answered to jeger Hoover. He was he was in charge of the FBI for something like 40 years 50 years. He was the most powerful man in American politics. He had files on not just Martin Luther King, but people that were the president and you could not cross him or he would destroy you. And so when John F Kennedy decides that the CIA is a rogue agency that's causing political pushback for him. He's gonna break it up. The CIA says no and they get their regular Cubans that get these mafia they get these people that do not like the president and they do it and then anyone else that might like the president all they have to say is that JFK we found out look just between you and me JFK was a traitor. He was a communist. He was a Russian asset we have shift and we have Proof of it because look at this right here. We have him and what he had done is he had shared one piece of intelligence with Khrushchev. Mmm to ask Khrushchev if it's true or not in exchange for cruise ship sharing one piece of his intelligence with JFK for that favor. So he asks, he said Khrushchev. I'm hearing a lot of stuff. I don't know what whether I can trust my intelligence agencies. They've already bungled a lot of stuff and they hate me the trying to Gin up a war and I don't know if I can trust them. Is it true that you have missile silos or runway on this island or this thing or is it true? That you've put in production this thing Khrushchev does the same thing. He says my satellite show that you're doing this, you know, if that's true they use that exchange of information. As a document that when someone who's not an active participant in the conspiracy, if someone needs to be convinced about what we've done they say between look don't tell anybody JFK was collaborating with Khrushchev. He was sharing secret intelligence top secret intelligence with Khrushchev and it would be too damaging to America and to democracy tool if I have people find out that JFK was a communist and was conspiring with the hated Russians. And and so we had to save To save face and protect protect the American way of life. Hmm. We had to do this thing. Okay. And that's that's I think if you put yourself in a position where you somehow gain access to some piece of information as a government employee that makes you ask a question. Hmm, and they tell you no no no, look. Here's the here's the tape. We have it. He's taught. He's sharing secret intelligence with Khrushchev. Mmm. He's a traitor and America can't survive us leaking this to the Press. There's no there's no other way around this. We have a traitor in the White House and if we're going to survive this we did what we had to do the same thing. We do every day. We just killed them same way. We killed people in Iran and people in South America that were the democratically elected leaders. We don't like them. We killed them and we had to do it this guy who kind of the heroes if you ask me and they said something to that effect and to the extent that anyone that wasn't already bought in is just like a Maga hat wearing anti Kennedy person. Hmm. Would be swayed by that also. What are they going to do about it the per the people just killed the president you think you're going to blow up this you get you think you'd something you leak is going to blow the lid off of this know they are the government the the secret police in America is the government. And the this is very clear in what we now know as a fact about who deep throat was in the Nixon Watergate scenario, so I want to talk about Nixon great and I want to talk about Dan Rather and I'm going to do something right now. I'm going to deviate from the regular format of the podcast I tell you right now. Do I believe that the CIA had JFK killed? 5 out of 10 sure it's compelling evidence. So, you know, there's a lot of things we can never prove true. The Dan Rather thing is so fascinating to be feel weirdly thing that I have arguments about. So I'm going to get to them the reason I'm so mad about it. Yes isn't cuz the they killed the president got away with it. That's bad. The reason I'm so mad about it as the dance dance still alive, and he's on Twitter and he tweets this inane caught like Starbucks cup Snapple cap, patriotic garbage voracious like America's as like our constitution as strong as the American Spirit. The puppy dogs and proud Patriots will rally together to get us through this time and his like Dan at you killed JFK just I don't need your word salad on this and rather is part of these conservative CIA guys, right? I'd like to talk about Dan Rather and Nixon. Oh, so you'd rather so you want me to believe to believe your story about Dan Rather. I would need to believe that he was in League with the CIA that he cared more about. his career that he held it about his mechanics and not be the president when you would say that right give me a second let me check my little notes so Nixon fucking hated Dan Rather Dan Rather said some extremely critical things about Nixon and other journalists were very very angry about Dan Rather so other journalists at the time were part of this sort of Civility school of thought that like oh discourse should be Ville there are certain things that you just can and can't say to the President Dan Rather Have been so critical of Nixon that at one point he stood up during a press conference at the White House and some reporters booed him and some reporters clapped for him and Nixon said sir you running for something and Dan Rather said no are you people were so angry at Dan burn people are so angry at Dan Rather he almost lost his job right so to believe you that Dan Rather cared About his career than he did about his politics about his, you know, liberal politics about believing in the government about believing in all these things. He's spouting on Twitter about democracy and the Constitution that just doesn't Square it squares completely also, do you know who deep throat was it came out who deep throat was described to me what you think happened? Like give me give me the like basic its great history textbook like three sentence explanation. You tell me of Watergate different without 1972. American pornographic film. Oh, thank you devs. A pornographic film. Her claim was in her throat. What what Woodward and Bernstein wrote and maintained for 30 years. Is that a informant of whistleblower a whistleblower was telling them about secret criminal stuff that Nixon was up to and that the whistleblowers so mad that the crimp president was a criminal that they started leaking it. They did all this stuff with a potted plant and on a Just to let them know when secrets are going to be past that never happened. They planted they slipped oats into the newspaper that never happened deep throat was Mark felt now Mark felt worked for the FBI and he was the associate director. He was the second in command of the FBI when when Watergate broke and it's because Nixon was going to fire and Mark felt the second most powerful secret policeman and therefore the second most powerful person in American politics said you're going to fire me. I'm going to fire you and he Worked in collaboration with these two journalists seenu to create a whole fake story about a 100 K know that of course Nixon was up to criminal stuff but he's not a whistleblower Mark else. Not a liberal. He's at arch-conservative. Mark felt was a was a leaked information to get the president impeached because the president was going to fire him. It was a personal grievance wasn't anything about him. Mark felt is a criminal Mark felt spent his whole you don't you become in charge of the second in charge of the FBI without Breaking some laws and some necks and it's not about good government. He doesn't like Nixon because Nixon is going to trying to threaten him or reduce his political power and Mark felt is deep throat. That's a fact connected an rather. And so Dan Rather as a FBI CIA plant basically is doing Mark Felts bidding by being antagonist of Richard Nixon. It doesn't matter that Richard Nixon's of Republican that's not it is not doing for deep. Dan rather's not doing what he does because he's Dan rather's a republican Dan rather's doing what the CIA and FBI is asking him to do because he's a CIA FBI asset and that's exactly what he did against Nixon. He he was hostile to Nixon at a time where Nixon might have skated. This stuff and it's because the person trying to take Nixon down was the second in charge of the FBI. So it really all connects to everything. I mean, I think it makes perfect sense, right? Okay. I said that sarcastically but it's like no. No he exactly of course. Of course. It couldn't just be like well, of course down rather chin, it could be both who better who better than to be hostile to the president that someone that also doesn't like the president and then you have your you have the second you have your one of your sources back. Ground deep background is the second in command of the FBI. That's the guy that is occasionally checking in with you with hot Scoops. Okay, so next argument about Dan Rather. So you had said that Dan Rather was sort of not great on air. He wasn't really important. Why was he in Dallas that day right Dan Rather made his name for a couple of different things. So first of all, he was not a good print reporter. He wasn't great at sort of grabbing stories and running them down really quickly. But according to his autobiography. He actually was pretty Ladon are he also made his name? And I think everyone appreciates my dough into his autobiography. He's very Charming. Listen. I called out on it because I also like oh Dan, um, but I think that everybody agrees and other reporters have talked about this as well the way that Dan Rather made his name was there was a huge hurricane coming and he essentially invented Contemporary TV weather reporting. So he said why don't we point the camera at the radar that we have in the station and we'll film the radar and I will talk about the hurricane. A over the radar that became men incredibly influential news broadcast. It might have saved a bunch of lives. So to say that Dan Rather wasn't already sort of like a star on the rise in extremely important force in television News broadcasting in correct. And the reason that he was able to start on into CBS and become the first person to report that Kennedy was dead was because he already was an extremely important reporter and was the southern bureau chief who better to be reporting about Kennedy than the southern bureau chief. To me. It makes a whole one of your on are reporters. Not their boss. Yeah, sure the most import better who better to write the news than the editor is what you just asked. Yeah, the editor doesn't write the news the editors in charge of the people are facing me Connor. He's already on air. It's not like he's just sitting in the station going. Yes, you do that. He's I agree with what you just said according to Dan rather's own version of events. He's a very important influential and charismatic broadcaster Lots. The inventor of many things. There are journalists agreed that part was not from his autobiography and you're misquoting. Ting me other people agree that he was the one who sort of invented contemporary news weather reporting and his reporting on that hurricane was extremely influential and important. So it makes a lot of sense to me that when the biggest story ever. The president was shot in the head to keep him where you were standing. Yes with the rest of the press sure that he would be the person looking for the shooter run towards you who better to report the news. Well the other so the other reporter, I mentioned before dampier Point mentioned that Bob pierrepoint was like I turned around to look for Dan Rather. He was gone and he was very angry about that because he was like I was at the hospital. I was doing the legwork Dan Rather was smart enough to realize that it would television broadcasting. It's the first person that gets there that gets the scoop. So he ran straight to the station. You've got to pick a point which is the Dan is not respected her liked by his peers not pretty interesting. Yeah, pretty interesting that they would say that he was the people's work always going on are lying about things sort of duplicitous person. I agree with everything you just said, Pretty interesting that all of these other reporters would agree that Dan Rather was a militant liberal that he was always speaking his truth. He's a militant anti-communist who better that's not liberal. anti-communist I think I think in 1955 America Main Street in 1960 American mainstream liberalism is not pro-russia they've they've militarized that show but it's certainly Pro sort of like more Progressive movements Dan rather's an extremely patriotic old-school liberal sure and that patriotism is perfectly congruous with him being a participant in taking down Nixon at the at the request of the second charge of the bi that's who deep throat was that's who took down Nixon it wasn't a whistleblower it wasn't a grievance it was a it was a extreme right wing as right wing or more right wing than Nixon who didn't like Nixon because Nixon was gonna fire him or have him like be have less power and I agree that Dan helped and helped take down Nixon and he helped create a false narrative about the Kennedy assassination you know he lied on are the next day about what that what's in that footage here are some quotes I saw today I've never seen before this is governor and Miss Connelly they were Fighting in the seat in front of JFK. The governor was shot three times by one bullet that came out of JFK's neck. According to the according to the governor and his wife they as when the shot was fired. They heard Jackie repeatedly say they have killed my husband. I have his brains in my hand. They've killed him. His brains are in my hand. You love that brain stuff. This is a quote from Jackie Kennedy all the ride to the hospital. I kept bending over him saying Jack Jack. Can you hear me? I love you. Jack. I kept holding the top of his head down trying to keep his brains in that sack. Whip out the brain. That's a quote from Jackie. That's what Happened next to her she watched the back of and top of her husband's head explode exploded so far that the people in the motorcycles behind the president the driver of the limo behind the president had his blood and brains on his hands. Let's talk about hand wash up Dan watched footage of that. Yes, and then went on air and said that he was thrown forward and slumped over by the shot. Have you ever been shot in the back of the head in a moving car and then had the car stopped suddenly? No, it's actually very hard to shoot someone that way as Dan Rather would know. It's very hard to shoot someone that way because CBS in one of their specials that Dan's in charge of where they investigate whether the Warren Commission can be trusted or not CBS hired an expert Marksman. They gave him a week. They got the weird Cheapo gun that Oswald had wait, hold on. I want to say it out loud. I've been waiting this entire time. hmm he gets a car sound awful silly different area a famous Italian deer hunting gun or whatever it is CBS in late 60s as American public largely question this story 30 40 sub 50 60 % of people did not believe the official narrative huge numbers questioning the government CBS size to do a special they hire an expert Marksman he trains for like a week eek he has the weird gun he tries to shoot at the angle three times in five point six seconds because it has to match the footage that in 1969 was leaked by the district attorney in New Orleans you have to get three shots off in less than 6 seconds and on top of that you have to hit the president three times in a moving car from behind an oak tree from the whatever sixth floor depository window and the expert Marksman couldn't do it and he in his interview with CBS he said that the gun was bad he was not a good gun for starters That the the fastest he got the shots off was six point one seconds and you know dozens if not hundreds of attempts in those six point one in the in the time that he did it in six point one seconds, like the fastest trial run he hit 0 of 3 times. This is an expert Marksman. So CBS took that footage. They threw that footage with I didn't put that footage on the special. They hired 11 more Marksman. They had the Marksman train with the gun. They had the marks been try and hit a moving Target three times in five point six seconds. Hundreds of times and they still couldn't do it that 11 expert Sharpshooters Oswald's not a sharpshooter. He's a high school dropout and a grunt he was in the Marines. He was a shot. He's a he's a person that's been trained as a grunt to fire a gun. He's not a sniper use Marksman and they have 11 expert Marksman. They have a they have a limp Ian level Mark Sharpshooters. They hire they hire me better professional. That's not you know Oswald's job in the reasons not to do headshots. he's just a grunt he's the lowest rank he's a private he's going to pile right but he did pass a sharpshooter exam CBS hired 12 people to for this special that are when you try and find a sharpshooter you go and get this guy this guy is a professional Sharpshooter someone that's an Olympian or an athlete someone that does this all the time every day there's no evidence Oswald ever practiced shooting they couldn't figure out if he'd ever gone to a shooting range or fired a gun outside of his time in the Marines and they get 11 Sharp Shooters to run it hundreds of times to train with the gun something there's no evidence as well trained or ever use the gun before that day there's no one ever saw him whatever they couldn't do it they not only could they barely get shots off know what no one could do five point six seconds in hundreds of attempts 11 Sharp Shooters could could only occasionally get under 6 seconds when they did get under six seconds the sharpshooter's hit zero of three targets and we're expected to believe that this guy would separate from an oak tree being in the way from weird angle used a use the $12 gun literally I think is $11.98 mmm to hit a moving Target three times in a limp Ian better than Olympian level time Jason I have a question very lucky guy I've got a question for you yeah why on Earth would CBS and Dan Rather if Dan Rather is in the pocket of the see I keep every few years drawing attention to this and disproving the cia's story that Lee Harvey Oswald shot him if the CIA wants us to believe I wouldn't CBS 2 that why would they is that I mentioned with the view because it's not in their interest why would Dan Rather a CIA asset keep disproving the conspiracy that they have tried to set up it's a hundred percent in cbs's interest to be on the cia's good side and to have sources in the CIA that like you what that's not on their good side that they would keep doing specials that confirm that a lone gunman shot the president despite the fact that well would not hit it oh so they didn't use that footage in the special the special firms the waterpark CBS hired one sharpshooter in eight and then in the interview he's like know that this gun is terrible I could not do it in a set amount of time when I got even close to the set amount of time I didn't hit the target at all let alone headshots have you seen this footage I haven't seen this footage but it's not disputed that this is what happened okay Dan Rather doesn't dispute that that's what happened and so they like okay great thanks for the interview they hired 11 more Sharpshooters the trained for a week they spent all day trying to figure out how to use this weird terrible gun with with weird and out of hundreds of attempts they couldn't get it to do and what they put in the special as they threw away all the time swear nothing happened and they're like well they are out of a hundred and fifty attempts they leave out that part of the sentence like the ten times they did get three shots off in almost five point six seconds and they leave out the part that it's that they hit the target zero times when they shot and 6.1 seconds okay they left out the hundreds of times that the gun like something like 1/3 of the hundred plus attempts the gun did not get any shots off the gun jammed immediately It's a crap gun. So one out of three attempts to fire the gun three times. It fired is 0 times let alone hit a moving Target at a distance in the head. In record olympic-level amount of time. So either Lee Harvey Oswald is the like greatest marksman of all time or and then his shot in the back of Kennedy's head causes the back of Kennedy's head to explode over like a 20-foot radius. Have you ever shot guns before or there's a shooter from somewhere else specifically where Dan right it turns out Dan Rather was standing do you do have gun gun shooting experience? No, they make things explode. Yeah, just saying. Yes. No you if you want she's a prude or film you have no doubt that it makes someone's head explode over the back of that trunk. In fact, he climbs right up on there. I think a lot of the people who are sort of like very passionate about this. I kept holding on the top of his head don't necessarily need to keep the brains in. Yeah, I can't do it Jackie voice, but that's what she's oh I don't want you to be holding the top. I cannot know house like have no idea. It's okay. She promised she's in heaven. Um, oh boy. I'm exhausted. I don't have Any more arguments, but I am at the part of the podcast where I just need a second to think about all the things that I've learned. You've told me that we've discussed. Luckily the government's very trustworthy. Now, they don't do this kind of stuff. They're no longer involved in a sort of dirty tricks CIA FBI. Very good guys. Not at all. Just like weirdo secret police are weirdos. No. No, we fixed it and it undetermined win but like sometime between now and then the whole thing were formed itself and just like a bunch of we're the guys with good politics not up to any sort of criminal stuff yeah keep doing this hold on I'll be back where they love Hilary New York field office loves her big fans of her really trying to help her out during the last election and so you know if the government says something I would just trust it because like yeah they were dosing people with LSD and those people went on to be murderers and yeah that there there's like deeply involved in killing JFK and then his brother RFK who incidentally was running for president on a platform of finding out who murdered his brother and holding them to account and that for some reason some lunatic shot him even Sirhan Sirhan can explain why he shot him that is wild I'm sorry it's our hands her hand a was interviews are devout using Palestinian Christian as your And to be of Court just like natural thing I Jackie from Pasadena and a devout son of Palestinian Christian immigrants who has no memory of killing. JFK doesn't know why he did it is still alive and still in prison for doing it or of K. I should say and you know pretty pretty good motive for killing RFK if you killed John FK, and if I have case first act as president, he's going to be to read that report read the government reports the inside classified reports on what happened to his brother and then hold people to account and you know, who are FK shot thought killed his brother was the CIA he was he didn't have any doubts about that. He wanted to be president so he could do something about it and he won the California primary. He was on his way to winning the Democratic nomination and he was shot and it's not a coincidence. It's not nice. Okay, I'm back on this podcast. Great Jason I break things down. two two scales do believe and want to believe love it do believe being just how much I'm convinced by the you know the fact you've laid out the argument that can see your consistency the coherency and want to believe how much my heart wants to think that it's true so to your theory to your belief to your vision that Lee Harvey Oswald was a government agent and Dan Rather was a CIA asset do believe out of ten nightcrawlers I'm going to give this one a seven I am pretty convinced that seems low I do God bless you it seems very low for this show that's very high your passion is overwhelming and I have to believe it's so weird it's not like a see scale it's we're don't understand why people don't ask Dan about this every day other than me I tweeted him a lot want to believe sure out of ten umbrella men I'm gonna give it to a little part of me wants to believe that there is a rhyme and reason as always with conspiracy theories it's like this version is awful but it least it is consistent with the way the world is it's not just a random Maniac it's not you know just craziness but I don't want to believe it because I grew up watching PBS so I want to believe Dan rather's good and so it's a bummer yeah you don't you don't it's not good news if the government's murdering its own it's not a duly elected Democratic leaders journalists are bought and paid for and it part of a huge network of tips and if I think it's must worship I told to report they are collaborators they're not they don't think of themselves as being spies their little V Should I have a source of my sources telling them that Iraq has weapons of mass destruction and they publish what their sources are telling them it's not because this CIA or FBI sending him a check it's because they're part of power up erratic you know they can't have their careers unless they're the reason to keep the reason they're at the New York Times in the first place is because of these Hot Tips they keep getting in the hot tips are things of the nature of like well Iraq has wmds we're not allowed to show you the evidence but like trust us and so they got these big breaking news stories all the time yeah and it's not it's not about being like a spy ring Downs not a spy she's just a conveniently placed person in her power comes from her participation with other powerful people and the most powerful people in America are secret police that's how George Bush became the president we have to go it's how his thumb son became the president yeah It's why one of his friends shot Ronald Reagan? Okay. It's why the internal name for the Bay of Pigs was the same code word that George Bush was not a part of the CIA official at this time gives to his oil speculators as lucky words, George Bush Senior was in Dallas that day. It's just a coincidence. A lot of people were in Dallas that day a lot of people a lot of future presidents of future famous journalist. Just hanging out in Dallas no particular reason and I'm telling you that barbecue Jason. This has been a wild ride and I have a lot to Google what how what? Can you please promote your show Jason glass on Twitter. You can come and see me at public house every Monday at 10 p.m. That's in Los Feliz you come and see me at the Act theater every Thursday at 10 p.m. I'm the host of setlist. And if I stand up show first and third Saturday 8:00 p.m. At the clubhouse. I do improv with a guest. I do help run some other stuff. The club has including Maria Bamford state I'm shows and so just really the reason yeah, where can I just Jason Van glass? I need some glass on Twitter not on Facebook. I quit that Twitter. You will hear a lot of right now. I'm watching the original Star Trek basically for the first time. So if you're on Twitter at three in the morning, you might get a tweet where I'm just blowing up a 52-year old television show lot of insight into the topical 52-year old episodes of Star Trek. And that's that's it. Occasionally some information about shows are traveling on the road or classes or whatever. Thank you for being my guest ever coming here and for putting those cats, I thank you for having cats. Yeah, of course like this. Yeah. Thanks for listening to lizard people. I've been your host Caitlin Hempstead. If you want to support the show, you can rate and review at Apple podcast Stitcher Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.