Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets hisAll at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up she'd have to text me a cocky little bastard whenever he learned that from the next night. She texted me to come out fortunately. I was already at the bar that she Was coming to so we hooked up there and went back to my place. She played the not a slut card. So the bedroom Olympics were what I like to call the indoor Olympics. We're limited only a couple of events today. She's been grilling me hardcore asking if I'm just hanging around with her just to get in her pants. I think I've been passing the test. I don't really know where she got these ideas in her head. My guess is our friend any thoughts. My second encounter the weekend was with this redhead. We spoke about a few months ago. We went on a few dates and I screwed the pooch by being to upfront I saw her at a bar and we started talking briefly. We exchange numbers again and partied for the night. Or I say parted for the night. Do you think I should call her or just leave it be I don't address the second one first because that one's pretty easy. This is somebody that you knew and you obviously screw it up with and if you screw it up with more than likely it means that she would never set a date with you or canceled dates or blew you off. So if you've exchanged numbers again, I mean at this point if it didn't work out I would do nothing. I mean if the girl really likes you she'll get in touch with you. She'll send you an email if she wants. Something that happened she'll make something happen whether it's just calling you to and she's saying hey, I was just calling to say hey, which is what she's basically doing is just trying to create an encounter to where maybe you'll do something ask her out on a date or whatever. But if you never hear from her, I wouldn't I wouldn't even bother calling or following up with it because it's just not worth it because if you've already lowered our interests all before the only way you're going to change perception is just really not giving a shit. And she knows you like her and the only thing that would be different to her is this time unlike all the other times you met in the past. You didn't seem to give a shit. You're not chasing her and that communicates that either you're taken or you've lost interest you're not available. And so there's any kind of hope you have she will send you an e-mail or she'll message you on Facebook, or she'll send you a text, or she'll call you just to call for the hell of it. And so if you hear from her make a definite date Now back to this other one, that's basically grilling you or hey, just trying to get into her pants. You could have given her that impression. You could have been aggressive at points in the evening, but the key is just like the title of this video is is to go with the flow and one of one of the guys I learned from years and years ago and what he says is go with the flow and diffuse with humor. That's always a great fall back position. So if someone's grilling you you just you never want to love isn't serious. It's fun. It's playful. It's meant to have a good time. So if a girl is giving you a hard time or and she's trying to get you you got to get her to talk. What do you mean? What are you getting at? Am I just trying to get in your pants? Why would you say that answer a question with a question trying to get your pants? What do you mean? What why would you why would you say that and let her talk and I would say things to her. As far as the relationship things. Hey, are you just trying to get in my pants? You just be honest with her just say we just we just met I really like you have a lot of fun with you and I have a good time when we hang out we laugh and obviously we have a connection and I just you know, I don't want to complicate things. I just which you know, I don't want to complicate things the word complicate. I'm sure if you did women long enough probably some and you've screwed up when the past some of them have said don't complicate things. I know years ago when I When I was younger and I didn't have a fucking clue. I was I used to hear that all the time. And so now that I know the things I know I say some of the same things to women especially if they're trying to push things a little further than I'm ready to go. And so you just say, you know, I don't want to complicate things. I just love hanging out and I'm you know, I want to get get to know you and just let the chemistry and and the moment of the evening take us wherever it's going to go. I just let's just have fun and enjoy each other and see where it goes from there. Like I was saying earlier, it's the kita's ask questions. I want to ask you a question is like it's kind of like the shit. You know, like I say a lot is that you're James Bond 90% of the time and 10% of the time. You're the kid that flush the M80 down the toilet at school and blew up the sewer pipes. So that's a good way to go about it to throw it back in him or in her lap with a question or diffusion humor. Say things like what do you mean? I don't understand. Explain explain where you where you coming from. What do you mean by that saying things like that getting her to explain what it is and just be James Bond's never never gets upset with a chick. He's always got a shit-eating grin just like the movie Quantum sauce. The first one at the Casino Royale the part where he's he's meeting that woman who he just won the Jaguar from and it was her husband. Actually, the guys are real bad guy. So he sees her outside. Denis he looks at her he's invites her for a drink and of course, she's married and she says she looks at him and she laughed and she has been a long time since I've been back and James Bond gives her that look kind of like the kid that did something. He shouldn't have done but doesn't really give a fuck because it was cool at the time and he says well, maybe you're just a little out of practice with that look just like I said, they're looking into her eyes, and she looks at him like Just you can start to see the irritation or the all that how dare you and a weak guy would go home. Sorry. I didn't mean anything by it. You know, huh? I just thought you're real pretty that's how a week I would approach it. But what does he do? He just stands there with a you know that look on his face and after about a half a second or a second. It's a test a test of his strength. He's totally dead serious when he says it he's wants to have a good time and have some fun. He's like the kid that fleshy and made it down the toilet. He's Meaning is mischievous. He's a good-looking guy and she throws her head back and she hops in the car. They drive around the circle. They go back to his room and then so he gets busy. So if you find these messages good in a value to and they help you consider making a donation of my work at any time you I share something with you or you read an article or you read my ebook or listen to one of my audio tracks or watch a video and you think that really helped me Corey. I kind of just open it just totally cleared things up. It's just like all the light bulbs went off my head when those kinds of things happening think do that was a great nuggets owe me a buck five dollars 20 hours, whatever the key is for you to donate whatever you feel it's worth and if you're not going to donate at least share the page with with your friends or family, and if you have any questions, you want to ask me a question go right to the bottom of the page. There's a the Facebook commenting system. Is there make a comment give me several days and I'll answer your comment right in there. If you want to send me an email and ask question the email address to send a questions to is right on this page also, and if you want to donate just hit the little PayPal donate button, which is on the web via bar down at the bottom. It's on the right hand side of the screen and I will talk to you soon.