You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly probable that so that we are that's totally okay. If you just want to blast us do it. It's a jailhouse talk POD at gmail.com. We can take it. We're gluttons for punishment if we're going to cry on the air, we're going to cry on the air and if you want to be the one to do it great, but anyways flaming star, which was released only three weeks after GI Blues was released it starts this period we're going to see if him just churning out a Bunch of stuff from experiencing Film Production. It's exhausting to make a movie It Takes long hours a lot of time a lot of energy. So the fact that all of us is going straight in this movie with such a short turnaround. It's going to be interesting to keep that in mind. It's um, it's a western It's a drama some Elvis fans seem to consider it to be some of the last vegetable vestiges of his dramatic serious acting but we'll see. So let's go ahead and check out the trail or in a will let you know what we think about it. A flaming star Elvis Presley as Pacer who became a legend in the west side. He dosed a single and save a dollar Torn Between Two loyalties to loves and fighting to save them both not being my friend. She will be my enemy and this House and all in it will die. That I would own people. Noble hey my people tell the truth. I don't know who's my people with Steve Forrest is Clint Peters brother who battled courageously of his time. Barbara Eden the beauty who fired the conflict in Pacer Soul the worst made me feel it the worst and Dolores Del Rio and John McIntyre as the mother and father caught in the middle of a Savage Relentless struggle Alice. Looks like it's going to be a real bad War everybody in this whole part of Texas going to be in it sooner or later. It was a time of Vengeance of the land being challenged by white man and read it was a time for pacer to choose and whichever path. He took he had to hurt someone he loved this looks sick. Hey, it's more minutes of bare-chested brawling on the floor do come out. Really spit and fighting Elvis than we've ever seen before. They're not afraid to make them a bad guy in this one. Yeah, it seems like he's back in Texas. He it seems just like a Cowboys and Indians will see how well that's handled white man versus red man trying to contest the layer take the land challenging each other for the land as like what racial one group is home team on this one. So we'll see how the politics play out, but it'll be great because it's I don't think he's trying to be a musician to get out of, Texas. So I'm excited for it to be a very different focus of the story. I'm always down for a good Western. So I'm stoked. Let's go watch it. Yeah. Alright, so we're back. We watch flaming star. It was sick really interesting a lot of good stuff to talk about and we thought we'd bring on Alicia. Hello to talk about it with us. So tell us a little bit about yourself. Hi, I'm Alicia. I am a sous-chef in Hollywood and I'm shoes friend for about a year. Now. I my history with Elvis is actually really he's been really relevant to my life. Without ever going deep into who he was as a person. My family's Chicana from East LA and he holds a really large presence in our community. I especially had an aunt that was obsessed with him like Elvis memorabilia everywhere constantly listening to his music. His movies were a background to a lot of my childhood, but honestly despite him as just kind of this like icon. I don't know much about him deeper than that and honestly before this movie flaming star, I really have not paid. Listen to any of the other movies that were going on growing up. It's interesting because it's similar to us and that we don't really know. We didn't know a ton about Elvis before doing this either but you who saw a presence in your life so much more as for shoe and I I he was not a presence in my life whatsoever. Then you're gonna bring a fresh perspective. It's fun. He's really just like visually some like people dressed up like him a lot for Halloween or looking nice like a lot of the older men in my family kind of did that like pompadour Elvis was? It doesn't play into like Greece or cultural. Yeah, Billy's really big in my family. And I know feel like a lot of Latin people here and a lot of birthday parties have been Elvis themed or you guys initial thoughts Rob. What did you what did you think about it? I thought it was definitely one of the best Elvis movies so far. I would say it's definitely one of the more serious ones. He's actually getting to act and after doing GI blues and knowing that he was really annoyed that he just had a break in the song constantly for no. Sin, and he seemed like he was phoning it in a lot you could tell in this film. He was really into this movie. He was excited to do it. I thought he did a great job. Honestly. I thought he was totally in character. He was charismatic but not in a way that took away from the actual story in any way shape or form and then I mean we'll get into it more. I'm sure but there's things about this movie that are problematic but there's also stuff about this movie that I was shocked was as advanced as it was culturally for the time period because is the Searchers had come out I think only two years before and the Searchers in westerns was like one of the first movies to question the Indians versus Cowboys like classic Western narrative in which the Cowboys are the good guys and the Native Americans are just bad guys. And this is I think really not soon after that and it's already way ahead of the Searchers in my opinion at the start of the movie you get really worried because you're like, oh no it's that's the myth of the Native American Savage and they immediately murder. Someone at the start of the movie, you know, if this is gonna go nowhere good real fast, but then as we were surprised, it really does take a turn at least to exploring those issues a lot more deeply than we originally thought that they would say my when I first started the movie I was honestly completely terrified. I thought I was going to be really angry because often times especially in older movies indigenous people are just portrayed as Savages and while that necessarily wasn't it was a part of it, you know. especially because you're looking at the settlers perspective for the most part, but I think it was given a fair shot and understanding of like what it's like to be mixed race, especially in such a tumultuous place where there's literally like violence happening between these two races for this very objective thing like land and I think it was done really well, especially for the time Elvis is like really lovable through the whole thing and I didn't think he would be especially since he's playing a half indigenous man, but it really I worked and I found that it shared a story that I think still to this day isn't shared properly it was really nice. I was really happy. It's a very different role than his like I'm a spunky teenager who's really good at music Let Me charm you with a song. It's nice that he doesn't have to perform for other people. Whereas always other movies. He's having to prove himself in some way whether to be become famous or to overcome something in his past and this what he's having to overcome is always in his present. I don't know. This just seems really locked in. This entire movie and he's really really committed to telling a story that is important to him. But also I haven't watched as many Elvis movies as you guys are maybe I have I just haven't paid enough attention to them. But from what I remember and just overall narrative with like Elvis in my life was that he was this heartthrob and I really enjoyed how this movie just wasn't about love really at all in terms of romantic love. It was just this love of your family and your people will and your land and that was really powerful. He was able to actually like show that because I didn't think he had the range. Be able to like show any kind of intelligence other than romantic intelligence. I mean that's a big criticism of him up to this point. Anyways, and the any time he's tried to commit to a dramatic role people just critique him for always having a Southern accent or attack things about him personally not really attacking his work in the movie. But this is the really the first in kind of only times he actually gets a little bit of recognition from critics in terms of like wow, this is something a little more meaningful than any other movie. He's tried to we try to say in any other movie too, and I think a lot of it It comes from the fact that he's finally given a character that has a dramatic situation that is good for story because so many of the movies are literally just like he's just a down-and-out kid, but he's really good at singing and then he sings and life gets great, but then it's hard because he's famous. And in this one, there's an actual real dramatic situation of trouble starts who you think will hit us first. Your folks are Miles shame on you plenty experience. People in the middle. Maybe it's the new chief. What new Chief Kyle was got a new Chief now since when am I horrible Ram Crow? He's the old man of the tribe. Now how long you known this since it happened. Don't you ever tell anybody anything? I say don't ask me his mother is Kiowa Native American and their land is being encroached on by Western settlers white settlers who were coming in and his father is one of those white settlers. So his mother by the Kiowa has a seen as abandoning her tribe and yet she is still very much tied to her people and then on the other side his father and the settlers also know him since he was a boy and so he's just caught between both those worlds in a way that I think is actually dramatic and so it lets Elvis actually act and he also has a half-brother who is fully white as well. Like his like his dad from a previous marriage. So it's not only that they have this division within their Community where they live they have the division among their family immediately in the nuclear family structure itself. And there's there's the girl that he grew up with right that he like always was fond of or kind of had a crush on to those such a weird part of the movie. It was felt like it was totally just like put it like the whole time, you know that the girl and the white brother like had a thing going on and they were into each other and they were going to get married at some point, but All of a sudden in like towards the end of the movie. I was just like, you know, I've always loved you and it's I didn't feel like that was built up at all. I was completely shocked. It was just like I don't think she knew because I didn't know I feel like up to this point. I saw him more as a lining with the Kiowa has because I think his characters incredibly honorable and I think that he was always that's what's attractive about him in this movie. He's always doing The Honorable thing and he's protecting everybody and I think frankly the Kyle was are the people who are there. First and so since their land is being attacked The Honorable thing is to align with them more. So I feel like the whole girlfriend thing was like a piece put in to be like but let's like try and make him more caught in the middle. So like make sure he has things that he's attached to in still attached to in the the settler culture, you know after he's forsaken them. They're still these things that hurt him but I was kind of hoping it was almost going to go like full Django Unchained and Elvis was going to ride into the White Town with the Kiowa has and wipe them out. It was I was interested to see whether is going to turn towards more like Western exploitation film the end of aside. I just just as in yes, maybe it wouldn't have been better. I just thought of an interesting to have seen the movie go that direction that I would have not anticipated whatsoever. At first I was excited by the possibility of that because you mentioned it were watching the movie early. How far is he going to go and I like that idea, but the same time I'm really happy. I didn't go there because it would kind of lean more towards this like Savage idea and I'm really happy that it could ever even though This portrayal of the indigenous people wasn't necessarily the best or even the most accurate. I feel like they at least show that there was a reasoning that they weren't just doing it because they were bloodthirsty because they knew that this was their land and they knew their culture wouldn't last if they allowed the settlers to encroach any further. We are close in spirit now. I want you to come back to your people you think about it. I will. Think of this to whose land is this who has lived here since the beginning of time do we go out to take their land? No, they come against us forever cutting deeper and deeper into our land forever taking forever pushing. We will speak of it again soon. I hope your blood will be one with ours. The monologue that the tribal leader has when Elvis first, I believe goes into the land to discuss with him the possibility of joining the Kiowa has while his mother is still alive. He his little speech there. I think alone just really won me over for this movie because it really showed similar to if you've seen the movie Selena The Siege the father gives her and her brother in the car. It's his very like Earnest and honest conversation. I know my family's had with me and I feel like a lot of people And especially around people in America. They have this conversation with your family. It's like you're different the musical speak for It's listen being Mexican-American is tough Anglers jump all over you. If you don't speak English perfectly Mexicans jump all over you. If you don't speak Spanish perfectly. We got to be twice as perfect as anybody else. Why you laughing? What's so funny? I'm serious family has been here for centuries and yet they treat us as if we just swam across the Rio Grande. I mean we got to know about John Wayne and film funding. We gotta know about Frank Sinatra and I was thin later we got to know about Oprah and Christina Anglo food is too bland And yet when we go to Mexico we get the runs now that to me is embarrassing Japanese-Americans Italian-American german-american. Their Homeland is on the other side of the ocean ours is right next door right over there. And we got to prove to the Mexicans how Mexican we are and we got to prove The Americans on American we have we got to be more Mexican than the Mexicans and more Americans Americans both at the same time. It's exhausting bam. Nobody knows how tough it is to be a Mexican American. I'm also glad that he didn't go on a massive Revenge spree because the same problem I have with Django Unchained this idea of a white director making a Revenge story. It just feels like guilt cleansing for those white guy and if it went that direction super hard, I feel like as you said it just it wouldn't have been honest to me. It would have just felt like using artistic characters in a world you've created just to kind of make you feel better. Yes about yourself. So I just want to like lay more like the three billboards. For the problem that three Billboards kind of has where it creates a fiction a fictional town in the building is a sink but you're creating and structuring a story to make yourself. Look more woke or whatever the say. Yeah. I just want to explain myself. So all the Tarantino fans that listen don't murder me but like you guys are wrong that Django Unchained isn't good so deal with it. I was using his comparison. I'm just kidding. I actually I actually think it's a great movie every movie. He does is incredible. I just I do have problems with Him idealistic. Oh, yeah, you know his movies are super good, but he can Tarantino can suck my Turrentine toe. I'm not saying and the Body Snatchers, so he escaped from Alcatraz and like a lot of cool stuff which brings me to a big thing. We need to talk about which is The actors who played the native people. Yeah in this film. So first of all, we have Nettie, who's the mom does you guys know anything about Dolores Del Río at all. She's my Mexican actress choose the first Mexican Star to cross over into US Film in the Hollywood. So she started off in the 20s and she was really successful especially as a silent film actress, but they'd also make the transition into talking movies, but she started to tail off a little bit in the 40s, but she did meet Orson Welles at a party in 1940 and then they Were together for two years she was with him. Well, he made Citizen Kane. Oh, wow, so she was interesting. She was like they're on set with him, like actually throughout the whole process and the controversy of the followed because he was criticizing William Randolph Hearst, but then unfortunately she along with Katharine Hepburn Marlena Dietrich Greta Garbo and a few other stars got labeled as box office poison because they were stars who were bigger in the 20s and 30s and would now the man's large salaries for their work, but weren't getting the same kind of box office returns. On that payment. So for that reason she was not blacklisted from Hollywood, but obviously wasn't looked for in the same way as when she was a star earlier on so she went back to Mexico and worked until 1960 in Mexico, exclusively for Mexican directors. And this is the first movie that she's returned to the u.s. To work on is Flaming star after 18 years. She also later ended up being honored by the White House as a cultural ambassador of Mexico and then at her final public appearance right before she died in the early 80s Francis Ford Coppola and if You other directors declared her as the first lady of America of American Cinema. So she's actually this really kind of important figure for this early American Cinema that we don't have as much experience with at least personally, but it's kind of cool to find that out. And then this is kind of her like Return movie and I'm in a lot of Senses, but she is a Mexican American actress playing a indigenous Native American woman to yeah, I mean Alicia, what are your thoughts on taking this from the casting? Well, I didn't really look into it like especially for the tribe. She is Mexican American playing indigenous American person and it's not it's not accurate all the same. I do like that at least from what I can see it like just from looking at her is that she is mestizo which is mixed indigenous and Spanish, but it would have been cool to guess an actual Native American, but honestly, I was just happy it wasn't. A straight-up white person. I know my even for now like we just can't I constantly just see whitewashing of colored characters and I was just like at least we have she's something you know, like it didn't feel wrong. It wasn't right, but it does not get a couple times you kept talking about was so weird because her accent was like a Spanish accent, but then she was trying to not Spanish like a Mexican accent, but she was trying to slow it down kind of to have this. American draw out which just sounded kind of German at points. I was really confused by that but she was trying her best and she comes from silent movies and it will she was a really good actress though. Yeah, besides besides that point. She was Expressions her like blocking like all of it. She did really well. She she called Elvis her young black panther. She said he's a good young man with Latin looks dark and elegant. He moves like a cat. I think he's a very good actor and I even like his songs and you know something I wouldn't mind if he was. My son, she loved Elvis. They apparently really bonded of moms love Elvis dude with every episode. He's legitimate. Okay, so I think this is one of the reasons I love this has been such a big part of my culture or like Chicano culture is because I don't know why I grew up hearing that Elvis was Mexican the he was half Mexican. I also heard this from Marilyn Monroe of that whole she holds the same amount of you know, like status in the culture. I think it's because we like just want to identify with somebody and I think because of his dance moves because of his Charisma because of his kind of hate to say it but like his lady man Tendencies You know, I that's very Latin and I think that I could see why she would like him so much and I think it's why every Mexican mom loves Elvis as well so went back and I looked up the cast's especially for the Kiowa tribe and wanted to see you know, where there actually any indigenous people at all and there were some sprinkled throughout there is a lot of the more exotic types as they referred to them at that time, which were like Russian Italian Jewish the more ethnically looking people who played Native Americans but buffalo horn was played by Rudolph Acosta who is a Mexican actor and he's the primary. He's the chief and there were some Brown face white people as well. So no one in a speaking role is actually indigenous though. I think from what I could tell I do think that idea that you brought up is interesting though. And I think it's like goes to the heart of a lot of the Elvis movies we've watched which is that There's things that are problematic and yet at the same time having visibility for Mexican actors is like it's like still happening even though it's not good like there's different moments. I guess we're in Elvis films. There's Progressive ideas, but then there's all these other problematic issues of having white people and Brown face the whole movie. So, I don't know. It's just it just continues that idea for me that these movies have are Cultural moments in time and it's important for us to like look at them now and I'm glad we're doing this podcast and I'm glad gear on this podcast with us because we're actually getting every time you look at a movie like this at a different space and time. It increases our perspective and our knowledge of now to I mean, the other thing too is that even those is in perfect and imperfect product. It still had some real-world effects that were good. Like it was banned in South Africa because of race mixing miscegenation. It's something that culturally At least provoked a response and then also I mean Elvis was honored by the Los Angeles Indian tribal council by Chief wani OTA in recognition for his role in this movie. So again, not perfect but it's better than what most people had seen up to that point. At least it made me really like more enamored with him as an actor because I felt like yeah like this is a really hard roll to take on you could have done a lot of Injustice to a lot of people and to a really important story and I think he carried it really well. And I can see why he would be honored. But yeah, there's not a lot of actual indigenous people in the movie and none of them have speaking roles which isn't the best but going off of just the time period it's at it's amazing that it's discussing these issues and even looking now, I have cholo cousins and uncles that are in movies as extras or have a few speaking parts and like and say Yes And the reason they're cast is because there's just this constant betrayal. Of Latin people as gang paper gangbangers senseless Savages to this day and the fact that this movie back then is able to show both sides in a very honest way and a semi Fairway is I still shocking I think it deserves a lot of understanding and of course Brown face isn't cool don't do it. But what I am saying is for that period of time to show that story that narrative that is still almost too. Progressive to show today is something that I think deserves recognition Brown face separate from that. Like we should be paying indigenous people to be playing indigenous people. I think that's necessary and that helps the individual but overall the cause and what people need to know to fully understand what it's like to be mixed race, especially mixed indigenous in this country. I think we still don't touch on that enough to this day and we still hold on to Old tropes that dehumanize a lot of people speaking of this movie does not pass. The bechdel test either is compared to the previous previous five or six movies. Yeah, if we're going to get one. Yeah, I mean also there's the good thing is there was one song they got cut because as we said before there's a bunch of jokes about the fact that the one female character wears britches like that she wears pants and no one else is wearing pants. That's feminism. There was a song that ended up getting cut when when Elvis and Clint are supposed to ride into town right after the first attack. They when they're on Horseback and they're talking originally Elvis is singing a song on her. Horseback playing the guitar on the right into town which is Beware of the gallon breeches and is entirely about how can't trust a woman if she's wearing pants and that's the entire song Beware of a gallon britches eulogio. The old never trust no gout and bridges. No DOD old if you have the sense of a shareholder course, you wouldn't know by now course who wears a bridge is has the ball That's a girl. It's a girl and riches. Well, this is like this song is terrible. We have to cut it and they cut it there was like three or four songs. He was also supposed to do one summer kisses winter tears at the Kiowa Village having them playing on drums and him singing to them Summers kisses Wonder tears. That was what she gave to me never thought I travel all over the trail. Which they also cut because the audience laughed at it during a screening brief is really like to see it. So the good thing is they actually ended up making a lot of choices that kept this movie as serious as possible. I mean, I think we all agree that the first besides flaming star which I really like that song the Party song that they have sex the one where they're all dancing at the birthday party and the first from just one way. It comes out of nowhere, but that's kind of what every Elvis movies like that eight more time. Yeah, but at least everyone was taking part in the song together. And as I think the other sense, where is it most almost movies, it's literally like I'm having a dinner and sounds like can you play guitars look well and just a matter of fact. Then you just start singing and everyone loves them. I hate when that happens when you're eating dinner and someone asks if you can play guitar. I also love in that scene where they're like all standing around like happy birthday or like it's his birthday. Right? Well, I think yeah, I guess it was pretty resemblance birthday. So I think it's pretty clear. I don't remember it's someone's birthday. But I remember them standing there at one point the like will play some music and they cut over to Will and he's just standing there with us. Accordion like Wills just like waiting like do I do now? But yeah, it's the song starts accordion Ting also on the shoot someone walks in yeah, that was really aggressive. I guess. It's just to show how high tensions were at that time. But his whole family was there that could move it could have been over in 15 minutes because it movie opens with there's a title song and it's just Elvis and his brother on the horses galloping across the lovely Prairie at night and they come down to the settlement and it's kind of a little bit tense. You think are they about to be attacked as someone there is no one's around, you know to quiet. Yeah, but they opened the door to a dark cabin L. Beautiful family jumps out what Elvis Amelie whips his gun, which is pointed right into dudes mouth. He was on his knees like down on the ground for some reason. He's like I'm hiding under the table Dallas has a gun right in his face. You would think the family or just know like maybe now is not the time to surprise people to people do surprise parties at that point. That seems really unwise eyes. Well, we should definitely do an edit of the film like you said where he walks in and it's like surprise Bam Bam Bam cut to Black credits roll. Yes, just over. Making all this noise. Spark that ignites everything here is that some of the folks from the birthday party go home afterwards and the chi was essentially or set up an ambush, right? And they do a raid one of their house. Yeah, and they kill some people and there's a few survivors and that comes back later immediately. Of course, the white settlers blame it on Elvis's family and especially the mom being like did you know about this? Why didn't you stop them? This is all your fault and we get to hear all sides and start. Like I said, the guy was her like they're going to drive. White people off their land the white people are obviously trying to hold onto that land but all of their people in the outlying area around the town are being killed by the Kiowa during raids and Elvis's family is stuck in the middle because the the Kiowa said they will not hurt Elvis's family and the white people don't want to hurt Elvis's family at least the white side of his family. So the entire movie is pretty much them kind of ping-ponging back and forth between these two groups trying to figure out what side they're going to end up on and buffalo horn. Ashley comes and visits Pacer at the beginning which is Elvis's character Pacer and invite some right to be to come back to the tribe at that point and that happens. I think before the settlers in the town confront him. So he he is immediately set up as being caught completely in the middle in this situation. So they go over to visit the Kiowa has to try and understand more about what's going on. You got to spend some time with the tribe and actually see they're like regular way of life. And on the way out one of the survivors of that initial raid who I guess has been crawling in a cave for like days that was very confusing because he was at first wasn't he near some sort of he was near the cave and the next time he's just crawled out into the desert is great for Miles back to the it's been a long time College really just pushes you so far as last breath is used to chew something Pacers mother there is a lot of issues with medicine in this. Movie as well. We're like Elvis is brother gets shot later and all he has to do to recover from it is just get a good night's sleep. He wakes up two days later and they're like you've been shot but you're all right and everything's fine. I'm pretty sure back in the day. If you like scraped your arm and a nail there like work on that off your arms gone, but I guess I don't know. We're just weaker people now my guns don't kill people. Yeah true. It's so he kills the mother right? And that's that's what finally drives a Pacer to say. A line with Kiowa completely and what point it really just goes into all-out war essentially. Yeah, it spirals out of control to because he's still trying to like keep his family intact as much as he can he go tries to go get the doctor for his mother because she still alive the doctor is the most annoying character in this whole movie because he just stands there Elvis is like we need to go. My mom has been shot. Please come with me back to my house. Oh so you can take care of her and the doctors just looking out the window like oops. I don't know. I don't know and they're like let's vote on it and he's a doctor who has a choice as a human being and he just Shrugged his shoulders. He's like I really want to help but everyone voted and it's like in what way has this place ever been a democracy. It's the wild west first of all and second of all isn't there some kind of oath or just like Humanity so Elvis. Well, that's why Elvis has to then put a gun to his daughter said the force of the company. I love how the daughter. Versus chill with it. She's just like oh hey Pacer, like what's happening? And he's holding her as a human shield. This is she say like are we playing Cowboys and Indians? Yeah, it was like, okay like for sure. I just got started being like wait this feels a little tense like this is a real gun and he's like shit so through all of that. He gets the doctor back to the mother, but she she dies. There's nothing he can do so it does I did think the movie did a good job. Job of just good dramatic writing like things compounding on top of each other. There are definitely people making immoral and wrong decisions. But at least it's like any good writing. There's the motivation for that immoral decision the seed for like why they make the wrong decision is planted in the film before it happened. I mean the biggest difference between this and the previous movies of there's actual Stakes things actually matter people actually died decisions actually have effects on the world and that and that things don't just get written over. Not over. Oh, it's fine. If I always not in jail anymore. Oh Elvis might not win a bet. That's that's GI Blues. Yeah, so it's just it's just nice to have one of those movies where you can actually like care what happens and it actually makes a difference because again all this ends up dying in this movie, which we didn't anticipate after him saying he never wanted to die on screen again because I mean technically doesn't die on screen he rides off into the hills to die. Once he sees the Flaming star of death as his mother did as well as all kite what people must I yes, I guess which is not it's not a real thing. It's completely fictional thing at least again. We are waiting. I'm not going to see The Flaming star one day. It's not the Flaming star is not a real thing. No, I can see the Flaming start you cannot oh, all right. It hurts. Did you see who was originally supposed to play the rubbers in this movie? No, it was originally going to be Frank Sinatra as the white brother and then Marlon Brando has Pacer. Whoa-oh, which is Marlon Brando as a note of noted activist between civil rights Black Panther Party Native American rights having like Sachin Little Feather accept his Academy Award, so that would be an interesting like whole other layer of someone who's like, I can't remember if Marlon Brando actually has any Native American ties like ethnically but someone who is invested money and time into those communities at least with the in an interesting choice for that. I think all the communities would say like, he's chill like I feel like if he played it like it doesn't Matter like he's just put the work in he's made a lot of statements before it was cool. And I think that if he would have played it that would have been amazing, but we wouldn't be talking about it. I think it true. I mean if you would have been in this way we would have this would be a little bit more highly recognized. I'm sure is like, I think I never heard of this movie at all before watching it for this. Yeah. I think some of the Elvis movies are like that but this one more than any if Elvis the stigma behind Elvis not being an actor wasn't in it it probably and it had someone like top-tier a list it would have Classic like one of the main westerns you'd watch absolutely one question that I would really like answered would be what's the back story between the white dad and Nettie the Kiowa mom because he says at one point that he got her from her father for a shotgun in a barrel of gunpowder and although he seems to treat her wealthy. I can't see it. But at least his reaction was must have missed that point. I really did not I think I might have Just suppress the memory because I do say it. I would guess that actually the shotgun and the gunpowder wasn't him necessarily buying her but rather a dowry where it was her choice because oh, yeah. Sorry. I didn't mean to say that she bought her but we exchanged. Okay, I think that's how I processed it and then I thought back to the movie and that scene where the mother goes back to her tribe and she was coming down in the horse-drawn carriage and all of the women just domino effect turn. Away from her as she came down that shunning. I don't believe that shunning would have happened had she not made an actual conscious choice to leave them. Good point. I think she still held a lot of beliefs. She still held like I think she noted some ways of like soothing her cooking was a big part of it as well how she allowed people to come into her house over and over again like those two strangers and she just always wanted to help people. I feel like those were some things she brought from her culture. Chur, because despite the Kiowa attacking the settlers a lot of indigenous cultures. Just about helping and being accepting until your encroached upon this. Goodbye. Go back to Moscow. I'm sorry. So am I I understand never come to my mind and be like this when I married Neddy, but I guess folks ain't never been fair with you pay sir. They take a man for what they think he ought to be not for what he is. I blame a new Palm. I know you're a good boy. I've always been proud of you. You do what you have to do with my blessings no matter where you go, whatever happens. my son but I do think it's really important to realize that the his father Pacers father allows him to make whatever choice he's going to make in the story because he trusts his son and the decisions he's going to make and there's just kind of that moment where it's the theme stated at the end of the movie where it seems simple, but he says they take a man for what they think he ought to be not for what he is really basic kernel of truth, but I feel like that's kind of like supposed to be the anchor of the whole movie and know No one's doing that. Everyone is literally just like got an abstract version of what they think this other group is and they're in a constant Warfare over it but I don't know. I thought he was he was a super interesting character to me and then when his father dies, it's just kind of like completely underscores. He has he's completely on board at the end. He's lost his mother. He's lost his father and he rides off into the Wilderness, which is the classic Western ending where you know, the Western hero brings Law and Order back to the world. Old then disappears back into the sunset having like restored order and this is honestly Unforgiven the Western Unforgiven from like the 90s did that and I remember being like wow, what a postmodern mind-blowing Western it literally flips the Trope. It's that chaos Reigns order is destroyed and he rides into the sunset but he's not riding off to forever be there. He's writing off to his death. So it's like total inversion of the western idea in 1963 sick. I'ma close. To make sure you are. Don't try to help me. I've been killed already. stubborn about dying Let me get the doc later. wait The only thing to do now is to die. God's sake you live for me. Maybe someday. Somewhere people understand folks like us the cinematography isn't great in this movie. I feel like it almost feels like a stage play a lot of the sets feel very much like a set and then the exteriors are okay, but one thing it's not really their fault, but there's a lot of day for night cinematography in this where they carry a blue. Ye very blue very just it's just And the sky's not dark so, you know, it's not night. It's very clear. But that's just kind of the way westerns were back then because they didn't have faster film speeds. I think until the 80s and so they just kind of had to shoot everything disconnect. You couldn't pull in enough light. Yeah. They're the good ones. The good ones tried to avoid the sky. They would like shoot in such a way that you only saw with the ground. You didn't see this very bright Sky about so you get kind of tricked you into thinking it was night. Just because it was exposed darker. But this one and Shane is kind of the same way or it just kind of like it shows everything. So I would say cinematography wise very much product at the time but looked I think way worse than most of the other Elvis movies we watched. Yeah, it definitely wasn't the most visually appealing movie but I did like their costumes. I think it was really cute which ones I liked and I like the woman wore pants. I like her little Wranglers. I like the moms. Outfits with her long scratches she felt very Mexican, but also I guess it's in Texas, but also the Kiowa were not in Texas. Where were they? They were Missouri River Basin. He said they were from the Great Plains in general eventually having to move to Missouri. I think they're like pushed down and sisterly until I think they were in a reservation in Kansas at the end. So never Texas never Texas close but not seeing of wardrobe is an Elvis shirtless and like the last half of the movie. Absolutely, it's shirtless. All this is his Elvis and see this is got a great physique because he's slim he's not like ripped but he's also not skinny, either. You know, he's got like he's got like a wiry strength, you know, I really believe him as a friend to your boy. He's like, he's a thick boy, you know, he has some hardiness to him. He's good to look at he makes up for the rest of the scenes his what is it called aspiring when you're just acting out violence and movies the Kind of dancing that you get to fight choreography. I think he did really well and I was reading about how he was praised for that. And I think the director was like he he even said he's graceful and beautiful because of his military training and his ability to dance the combination was just really well. And I think she went I were talking about that when we were watching the movie originally was like that's actually really good fighting does a lot of really cool physical stuff like we were saying gee I believe he doesn't have a lot of physical Charisma because they don't really give them too much to do but that's what he's like. Running and leaping and jumping and like really getting out there and really getting those spread Express himself in a way that like, I don't you hadn't since like, I guess King Creole which is only two movies ago, but I remember like I kind of gas a little bit. I don't know if you caught that but I just remembered Elvis. Sorry. I'm getting excited coming out when he first joined the Kiowa without his shirt on thank you. And I think he also had some kind of face paint or some kind of other marker to be like, I'm not white anymore. And he's like running through all of the Rocks really fast and it's just so agile and it was just such a gorgeous seen. It just seemed like he was having so much fun. Like he was some kind of American Tarzan and good job out his also just like a comment. I don't like that girl with the pants. I do like that. She's wearing pants. I do not like her as like a person this character. I think she's really similar to the doctor frustrating because she just like Like she is chill with Elvis this character. She's okay with the mother. She comes to their house. She wants to marry the brother like it's obvious that she's interested in their life, and she's relatively accepting of her family. But then as soon as she's with all of her people back in town and I'll meaning all the settlers. She doesn't she all of a sudden has some sort of like she holds space for people to have animosity towards Elvis. There's like no real sense of loyalty. I mean Clint Elvis his brother is not Necessarily squeaky-clean either. I mean there's the one point where he goes out with his father on a ride and he said something that he says Oh, yeah Clint Clint goes out on a ride with his father and he says I should have killed Matt Holcomb. We should have cut them all down there worse than Indians and Indian or Rob you blind if he can but this is just pure waste. Yeah, it's like stuff like that where you can still see that there's not a lot of admirable White characters in this movie really which two are currently outside of the dad there are yeah there are it's just a I agree that I feel like the movie is everyone's push to generalization so many different times and the movies whole point is to try and combat them. Like there's the point. I think I don't know which character says it. I think it's the brother but there's so many says you can't make out like the death of an old friend like the Howard's don't mean anything to us. Well, of course, it means something to pay sir. But everyone just like pushes to the extreme always and then I'm like the opposite side. He's asked by one of the guy was white man. Like does the white man treat you well because we know they don't and they know the guy was no they don't treat him well, but then I think Elvis is response. Is that my father my brother? Urdu, so it's that idea that like everyone always pushing to this like extreme in this very violent situation is kind of what causes these this racial racist ideology to like flourish and I think it's just really powerful that this movie took one of America's biggest icons of the time period and made him like very outspoken against very clearly like Racist white settlers in this movie like they make a point to be like they are racist and also Elvis who's this huge icon is like they are wrong there. These peoples land was taken. I thought that was really really bold move. That's probably my favorite Point made in the movie overall and I'm really happy that Elvis like took that on and did it some form of like justice the unfortunate thing that ends up happening is this movie doesn't make nearly as much money as his other movies that have songs in them. So he makes one more Western after this. Wild in the country that we'll talk about next time, but after that he really pretty much entirely goes back to the music video, but with some story in between kind of format for the rest of his movies just because they're not as financially profitable and Colonel Parker who again out I said, we'll talk about a little bit more in depth later being so money minded when Elvis do this product project didn't he wanted to do a lot in the credits as technical advisor? Yeah. He technically advice. I saw a Something where he was on the set popped up a little craft table and was selling memorabilia and Records to the to the crew on the movie because he was trying to make a quick Buck literally everywhere. He went that's wild an awesome but it is it is it's sad that like this is one of the last like actually supposedly serious or interesting things maybe will be surprised and other stuff will come along one thing that I didn't like about this movie. I was very surprised about was there's nothing about for all this talk. About whose land is who's there was no real time spent showing characters connection to the land itself Like Love Me Tender actually had the family being connected to the land it being a part of the narrative more this one. It was just like everyone's fighting over land in abstract, but there was no time spent showing how that land how the it sustained to them what it meant to them on either side. I just thought that was interesting. I mean, I feel like Our to the love idea added on the end towards the girl with pants that Elvis is character had where I didn't feel like there was a lot of nuance around it. There was really no build-up. I feel like the land is really similar. They really I don't know maybe this was such a radical idea to talk about race and to talk about the indigenous struggle that they had no space. They like couldn't comprehend tackling anything else because that alone was like such like it was like the only focus and I think now it fell Felt when I first started watching I was like I was kind of superficial to just kind of plop this down and be like, this is a story but then looking back like that is such a radical conversation that it probably felt like we don't want to overwhelm these audiences, you know, yeah, that's you're totally right. That's why I feel like I've come did this movie not being I think the best Elvis movie but is like probably my favorite because it's the one of the most interesting ones so far where they're more ambitious than anything else. I've seen in an Elvis movie and that gives it a lot of respect in my mind at least but again, I Like the movie still despite all of this. I think it's worth watching at least once and the whole time. I was watching it actually this last time I was reminded of one of my favorite songs when I was younger by Cher called half-breed and it's pretty much the same story except in half-breed share talks about being rejected by both sides. Whereas I believe it's a way more believable idea that his tribe would accept him. Well the other side would not because that tends to be the case. Yeah. I felt like this movie for me is one that I would enjoy showing to people but don't necessarily want to watch a bunch more like if I ever taught a film class or something and we had to do westerns. I would be like do we got to put in flaming star? That'd be awesome, but I don't see myself going back and watching it at her again. Yeah, I mean to be honest as detrimental as some songs are another movies when the songs are good. The songs are really good. And so some of like like a spiking cruel has an incredible soundtrack and it's very reasonable because all these performances are great. There's this is just a the best version of a western soap opera basically and that's cool. But it does have its mileage. I would definitely recommend it to friends or anybody looking to watch like a western or anybody that is trying to dig deeper into or just wants kind of basic idea of like, what is it like to be a mix person or what? What would it have been to be like in that time even though it probably isn't a hundred percent accurate it again. I don't know any other movie that touches on this is Pecially for that time period I think this is a good it's an important movie. But like you said not one that would revisit very much for sure. So well Lisa. Thanks so much for being with us. You're going to come out with a podcast of your own suit. Tell us about that a little bit Yeah. So keep your eyes and ears open for my friend Jesus a podcast that discusses Christianity from different points of view one being mine. I left the church at 18. And the other being my co-host Christine who was raised Taiwanese Buddhist, we will be going through the more relevant stories of the Bible discussing them with each other and then discussing them with somebody that is still involved in the church should be fun. Very cool. Well, thanks for listening and we have wild in the country next week. So we'll see you also listen to half-breed by shit. Ashamed of the white man always called me in the in school. That's all I have.