Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh Santa guy and co-host of the osint Curious podcast, you can find Nico and Twitter at Dutch osint guy law enforcement officials in the Netherlands asked him to confirm whether a potential jihadis threats or credible. They only gave him a first name and minimal other information find out how Niko went through his methodology to get the confirmation. They needed take it away, Nico. An ocean story about how I found Jihadi who fled from Syria through the Netherlands and it was my task within law enforcement to either confirm or find something that could validate the story from Witnesses in the Asylum seeking Center. This person was in so how it started. You got to know when you are brought in the Netherlands and you seek for Asylum. You will be placed in like a center where you get wet. They ask questions and it can take up to months until you they actually let you into the official Asylum Center. And in that Center, they will mix all ethnicities. All backgrounds together and you can imagine there will be tension in those silent seeking sensors. And that's basically how it started. This guy was in a room with three other guys and they were kind of picking on him because he was a fairly small guy and he had freckles and all that. Well that thing everything to get picked on, right? So he made statements. So like you better beware. I'm from Al-Qaeda. I've killed people I know where to find you and I'm here to kill white Christians who killed my brother back in Syria during the war. So there were some allegations and the words and statements made with which were concerning right? And so these three people step to these I am seeking hats of information and they reached out to law enforcement and well, that's basically how the case landed in on my desk. All I had was well, this guy has a first name, which is spelled phonetically. They didn't know his last name all they knew from his friends that he had a brother which Was who was killed but who was also a semi-professional photographer during the war. So that's what I had to go on. That's that was my lead. I was like wow, how can I find this person? How can I validate if this person actually exists or has an online presence and if he has an online presence, can I find in within Syria and connect find them connect it? Let's say a rebel group. So I started by looking for journalists or photographic being killed in Syria, and I found like A handful, let's say near 10 or something. But none let me to the right person until I started juggling with Google search queries and trying to figure out Specifically not photographs but articles about the war with local photographs in the in the comment section behind, you know, every picture always has the photograph or named underneath it. So I was my thought process was let's see if I can find articles about the war in Syria by photographs with Arabic last name similar or or equal to the name? I was given the phonetic name of the brother. After days and days because I got to be honest these two days and days and even weeks I found one article and it led me to an actual social media account and a news article the news article. Let me to a Twitter account of that person and the Twitter account immediately confirmed me that he had some connection to the Netherlands. Which was immediately interesting for me, but I also noticed that the people that person was following the photograph. ER were less. I almost a quarter's them at the characteristics of a typical Jihadi account, which then this was around 2014-15 was fairly normal and Twitter because they weren't immediately. Deprecated or killed those accounts. They had some time to exist that so I went through all the whole timeline of that guy, but I still couldn't find the person we were looking for who was in The Dutch Asylum Center. Then I went through all the followers and I found one person who had an alias and nickname which differed two digits from the name. I was looking for the first name, so I was like, well, let me look for that and then immediately I found an another Trader account with pictures. Well, it was immediately very clear. This is a fighter big guns. Let's say War trophies The Works everything you would see from someone within the group which proud of the war crimes. He has committed. But I still wasn't sure if this was the person I was looking for but I did see some statements funny thing was the first tweet was in arabic' and and by then my Arabic wasn't that good. So I had translated and the funny thing was it translated back the Arab exchanger. Hi. I'm well, that's the name of the person and I'm from the baseband and I was like the baseband likey likey. She in band drummer or something. Then I went to our translator riffing law enforcement. I said well, I'm there's something off with this sentence. Can you translate? Well, he says no the base. The base is all Qaeda. So by then it became very clear to me that Google and Bing weren't that good in interpreting and the sentence I'm from Al-Qaeda or I'm part of Al Qaeda, so I was getting a feeling this could be the guy there were even some pictures GPS coordinate attacked which I could trace back to the border near turkey which made sense because in that period all people trying to flee Syria went through that specific area into Europe so could be plausible and I did some did some additional sir. King and I found more pictures confirming and I've got a picture now a face picture because the first ten pictures were all with either bananas or those ski mask kind of things so I could only see his eyes but then I found two pictures to full front facing pictures. So now I got a picture so went back to the team and said well, I found this this R. This is my preliminary findings. Can you please check? Check with the Asylum Center if there is a picture of this guy so I can validate that. This is the right guy. Yes we can but it will take at least a few days to get the answer back and I was like well Fuck that shit. I'm waiting for the picture. Let's let me search so I did the password reset reset trick and I got a hunch on the email address which was made to set up a Twitter account and that led me to an Instagram account and that Instagram account was connected to the brothers Twitter account. So I got confirmation. We were still talking about the same guy that the Instagram account was connected to a Dutch phone number. A mobile number so I look that up through by then. You had sink me which doesn't work that good nowadays anymore and yet true color which has an operational security risk? Because if the other party had Truecaller installed, they might be informed so there were some risks in there. So I had to consult the prosecutor. Can I use these tools because there's some risk involved. He said well looking at the risk of this guy's what he has said. Go for it. So I looked him up. I got confirmation about the first name. I got again confirmation about his face. But again, I got also the WhatsApp account finally was his face and again with like really large automatic guns then it lets me to Facebook page because now I knew he spelled is First and last names in two different ways one in let's say English European lettering spelling and one in Arabic and both of them could be spelled with one or two-digit different. So I started playing around with that and I found a Facebook account and it's Facebook account gave me Immediate confirmation that he was the guy we were looking for because on his Facebook account. He stated that he I was part of Al Qaeda. He got sick of it. He wanted to flee he did it and he went to Europe and well eventually he ended up in the Netherlands but more interestingly because I was already in the counterterrorism monitoring unit. My job was by then monitor Dutch jihadis traveling. To Sharia if they are active if they are coming back and finally this guy was connected to two people. I had been monitoring for a period so this also made us more concerned because he made threats in the Asylum Center seek that he was planning something and now we had connected connection to Dutch people who really believed could form a real threat and a cell once they were back in the Netherlands. So this sped up everything also their their fighter names called kunas We're very clear about what their ideology was. They were out to for chaos and disrupts a democratic country. That's what their endgame in their goal. So this was enough for law enforcement to go to the Asylum Center. Apprehend the guy put them into jail and with persecution and it all ended well in the end. There was one funny thing to end this story with which immediately made me more aware because then terrorist attacks in Europe were very common yet French and Belgium and we had some smaller attacks in the Netherlands. So I was basically not always doing open source intelligence, but I was also doing like covert infiltration within groups to well keep tabs on if something's going on. But my synthetic identities or sock puppet identities were so well crafted that we get that we got some early warnings from the CIA saying this account on Facebook should be immediately investigated which was my account. So this is something which made me aware because she know when you do covid stuff it needs to Just a covid but it also made me aware. There should be some kind of portal where you can send in. Let's say a hash of your handle for deconfliction with other countries five eyes, 30 nice, whatever at least friended countries because I was pretty sure that at least two or three guys with over in the US had spent like days maybe weeks looking at my account which was just a waste of time. So That was my biggest lesson in this whole case that governments look at each other conducting open source intelligence, which they shouldn't have spent time on as well as my biggest lesson in this specific case was having the tenacity to keep looking for that brother, which I and I and which I ended up finding him. And thoroughly thoroughly. Reading the article because you got to know where I got that initial pivot point was an article like 14 pages long and that pivot point was two words within those 14 pages, which got me two Twitter accounts, which made The Snowball Effect. So it's not about getting the guide was more about finding that really small. Pivot point which made The Snowball Effect basically, so that sums up my story about how I found a Jihadi which was eventually caught and hopefully we preventing we prevented something. Yeah awful. Thank you. Incredible story Nico. Thank you for sharing and thank you for listening to the layer a podcast. If you want to learn more about us, you can check us out at layer 8 conference.com or on Twitter at layer a conf conf. Thank you very much, and hope you enjoy.