Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys.Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now. Yeah, and then I fell into media about a year earlier, and yeah now we're here so pretty exciting stuff. It's what great thanks for that welcome aboard and we'll talk to you a little bit more about your crossfitting history both in New Zealand and to I want shortly Gareth. Good morning. Good morning. Another another guy with him with a checkered history from places other than New Zealand tell us more about yourself. Yeah. So I'm Gareth. I come originally for out of the UK up in the northeast of England kind of moved over the New Zealand about eight years ago. I fell in love with the places most people do whenever they come to this country and try to work out a way that I could stay in the country. Yeah. I I've been doing CrossFit now around about five years kind of fell into it, too. Try to get out of some really bad habits. I got into it a younger age with smoking and a little bit of weight putting on so I kind of fell into it that way as a more trying to clear my lifestyle up and it's CrossFit does it you kind of get hooked really quickly and from there and look staying a Trailblazer here and keep keep our coaches put me through a coaching course. And yeah now I'm coaching here comes the Trailblazer and helping other people kind of do that same thing for with their life. Brilliant. Welcome aboard as well. Thanks so much for being with us this morning. It's going to be great to talk to you guys about your history and to have more of a chat about those health and well-being reasons behind the crossfitting. So that's great Gemma Hi, how are you? I'm good. Thank you. Yeah, so I'm Jim arose. I've been in CrossFit or competing in CrossFit for this will be my seventh year now pretty much Computing the entire time I got into CrossFit. It just fell into it really my partner at the time was doing like a bit Squad thing and I was studying hadn't done Fitness for like 10 years and then he just begged and begged him to come along and then just mentally I came along and they evolved into a CrossFit gym. And then from there I was is some key for the majority of the time and now I live down in Christchurch and I train outside of CrossFit Travelers us Once I found CrossFit everything was history basically brilliant and you've had an excellent competitive history. You've been to Regionals and games in team. Yeah. So my first year first year of CrossFit, I qualified for the 2014 regionals with groceries Tamaki, and we came a mean 34th into that year. We decided we put Like a really good solid team together because that year they change the qualifying process to top five at regionals and we put together is expect and that was with Helen Guilford Megan Giffords and Nicole hanger Richie and my dear Lord Zack Zack last thing I really forgot them for that. So I put together this expect and then 2015 we came second at To nose and qualify for the games that year. We took a beating at the CrossFit Games. It was a real eye-opener for us and then the second you were like, no we can do much better than this 2016. We went back and we won regionals and then the year after we qualify for the games and did a lot better that year and then after that I had just I competed individual as an individual at regionals for 2016-17. Then 18. Yeah, so I've heard a good I've had a good straight in terms of competition kind of going to go back to teaching staff now as opposed to individual. I love team. I love the the idea of working half one another. So yeah, that's where I'm at at the moment. That's beautiful. It's a good story to tell I think again, you can hear the foundation of that coming through health and well-being and then finding the competitive side to keep following you along which is Then I think it was so black just a small element of what New Zealand has done in CrossFit to it the same time and that's just our team but there's so many others and so much more that that I think is what makes this really exciting that we can actually focus on New Zealand. Yes, which is exactly what our conversation is going to be about and that and that to me is either a great conversation to have because standing on the sidelines be I'm part of media for a while. We've seen so many great kiwi athletes come on to the floor and both team and individual. I think it's worth recognizing that and it's also worth giving a shout-out for everyone back home to let them know that this year at ACC they're going to get some special coverage of all of their favorites. So it's going to it's going to be great which brings me I guess to my next question to Gareth and Luke why media? Um, well, yes, it was something I have done a little bit fucking why is he back in the UK? I used to race Motocross. Then I kind of got into it there with a little bit of kind of video footage of when I was at the races and photography at the races. And then for a lot of years it just kind of went under the radar used to have my camera sitting there and never really use it that often and when I started Trailblazer, I just started bringing Along on like event is when we do specific, you know, when Murph would come up once a year. Like day or when a different event will do it the beach record. I just kind of going along and take some photos a little bit of video. And yeah, it's kind of fell in look like in love with that process of producing stuff and also just getting them their moments that people have on the floor kind of showing that the people of how you know across the could have a bit of a bit of a name for yourself and just showing people, you know, it's regular folk doing amazing things every day, and that's what the gym is. Well, I'm just trying to promote that and show people more of that to kind of bring more people in To it away from that obesity and more towards a health. Yeah, that's beautiful. And in terms of what it's like in New Zealand for CrossFit is that it's a local competitive seeing big. It's definitely getting bigger. Yeah. It's definitely it's definitely getting bigger. That's something we're probably all the touch up on later in the conversation. But in terms of this idea that the German is just a hobby and that competitive scene is better than exclusive one. It's becoming less and less and less seen that way and I think it's actually growing in More of a proper sport Haus Sports actually did and that sport can have a harness a good Community actually be quite welcoming to a lot of different aspects and walks of life. So it's actually kind of growing and the fact that it's actually growing in large out International Stitch. It's getting attention of individuals here in New Zealand from like, you know, rural communities not just the big cities that actually kind of bringing people into CrossFit Gyms and actually the it's growing quite a bit. I think that's really cool. It's great to hear that. There's that Natural Evolution happening and it's pretty special to be part of a sport to see that having on a global scale as well. I think it's something that we don't get to see much given that we normally face with a lot of well-established Sports. Yes. So what are we talking number of boxes wise and New Zealand? How many do you guys have over there? I think I was a bit of a nerd and I looked on CrossFit do know the other day and there was 86 + 6 + / gems. Yeah. You feeling at the moment which is pretty exciting. If it splits pretty good. Mmm Yeah, that's um, that's a lot for a country your size. What's your population like these days sitting just all just over 4 million for Point think the last one I could Google there's like 1.3 million. So yeah, and then we have double that in shape. So that was good tip. I wasn't gonna make mention of that. I was behaving well, That's that's a really that's a really great number two here and obviously not far off the hundred mark, which would be a great story to Heaven itself on that finally happens. So what's in terms of New Zealand Health? Generally, I was over there in January having a look around and we could see that obviously Sports and movement is is a part of society. But what would you say New Zealand health is like generally Well, um, yeah, so just just coming from the from the strength conditioning background in terms of them. So I went to UNI have three years to my undergrad in the strength conditioning and the main thing that we looked at was what is Square New Zealand. I think typically the the idea of all health and wellness and New Zealand. It's kind of mistreated a little bit just because what people View and see as a healthy lifestyle doesn't necessarily equate torn interpreter, but going to Sport and Playing sport but not necessarily adapting that to a lifestyle thing Joe to actually win this little more as well considering that there's a lot of work being pretty much the head manager here Trailblazer and actually like kind of doing a lot of work people here and you can see a lot of different walks of life. The one that I really tried to think about this because I come from a different background than the last two years. I have stepped into a more of a management and coaching. His role here at Trailblazer. And I think that when it comes to the health and New Zealand, there is like a distinct difference in health and different cultures and I think that's also dictated by the economic wealth of people in different cultures say like I'm from South Auckland. It's a rough place. There's not a lot of opportunity or it's not seen as there's a lot of opportunity for them there for people that live there and so they're not necessarily educated in a way to be able to live a healthy lifestyle with that being said, I know that there's like around about five CrossFit Gyms out there who's able to be able to bring people in and be able to help anybody and everybody and I think trying to get the perspective that or the idea or the fact that CrossFit can be for everyone and everybody who helped people like that to hear that kind of makes sense from for the most Part, it's like the rest of the world. They build obesity is becoming or is quite a big problem around and it's just trying to get the message out to people of all ages that you know something I dare say across the gym coming to a place like this how much of an impact of the change on that life. You can actually have just by coming three days a week and do some training and having a little bit better knowledge about what is good nutrition and what is bad nutrition. So they said 86 Jim's over here now that the more that Wash the more germs that open this smaller in the Lord, that's our places and can get more and more people into the gym and the more funding we can get to allow more gems to open in these areas. I think it's already going to continue to improve them numbers it goes on and I guess also like it's a juicing also mental health at the same time. It's not just about like physical happen with profit because it has that emphasis on community like you get so much more coming into a gym like this all like own any of them anywhere. Are and be able to have another Foundation of friendships the foundation of moving while being able to move up outside of the gym so you can be a bit among be a bit dead. You'll be able to function properly for your family and for your friends. I think that that's in itself can also help with the mental health of people at the same time. So again, it's going back to work as is about education and trying to educate people there crossover is or sport like this is more than just Physical fitness that maybe yeah, so does it such an important conversation and we can do a we could do a whole podcast just on that a line. I think from from immediate point of view. It's been really easy to see the impact that CrossFit has had and that Community conversation has had on gym culture generally because you can see other streams of fitness and fitness programs trying to replicate that Community aspect. So yeah, yeah and instead of being jealous of that. I think we will all stand back and applaud the fact that crossfit's had that effect, which is great. Yeah, so in terms of coming over here to cover this training CrossFit Championship, what was your biggest motivation around that? Um, so yeah, basically some business going back as well too how kind of kind of want the whole start this whole thing because I'm like gasps. Oh he's been want to do is for a long time and he's had some experience with this. It really just comes from Passion of want to be able to tell stories and I think I'm especially with Crossfit as well, you know back in the day. I think we've all seen our fair share of on Mars in Hebrew telling stories through that CrossFit. Across the through the their YouTube channels and through different lines streams of media. And I think what we really want to do our biggest motivation to come over say CC and actually watch these kiwi athletes take place and kind of you know, shine a light on these individuals and on these teams to actually show that you know, like these are people who have chosen to walk this style walk this lifestyle and that it doesn't take much to do the same. Yeah. It's so important isn't it? Like we can all relate as fans. On the sidelines because we can do the same sort of thing. It's just going to be scaled. Probably The Graduate. Yeah and actually being able to kind of not just showcase, you know via the typical ABS that typical heavy weights lifted but actually kind of ignite a bit of a feeling because I think the biggest thing people are going to remember what they saw the remember what you did we're going to remember how you made them feel and we can kind of transpire that through our media kind of get people, you know, get the Goosebumps get people to actually kind of mattify be like I want to actually cut You know try and relate to this and try and do this as well. I'm trying to live that healthier high level of Lifestyle then that's that's enough from it. Yeah, that's that's a pretty beautiful motivation. So who the athletes that you're going to be following a good question. We're have a pretty pretty exciting lineup. Judge one knows what this is. Well, this is it. Yeah because I was supposed to compete in the Renegade team and Richard an injury. I cannot compete anymore. So I'm having out these guys to see what I can do to speaking of um, girl, but that's okay. At least I'm still on the floor. Well, that's if you don't want me jumping in there. I think that's a great story as well Jim and because I think a lot of people a good lesson for those of us that that want to compete all that might want to compete that might be listening to this podcast knowing that you can't make make the trip and compete the way you want. To but you've turned it around to be a positive for the rest of your teammates do yeah, I guess it's also talking like just referencing back to the motivation behind that we move into when I was in Zach's pack. I remember constantly like coming back to the gym and everybody be like, oh they were put the video on you and in that take it away for a quick second and you guys were in front and doing this and doing that and like the community gets so behind you and these are the people that you see every day. They're the people that see you were. It had every single day eat the right things in the gym all the time all the time trying to be disciplined and then to see you put that all into play I think is incredibly inspirational for them and gives them also a perspective that they can do that too. Because like how I came from like nothing like I didn't do anything for ages really have it then all the sudden I fell into this German fell into this I survived succeeded for a really great long time for a long time. And so so I think that it's important that our communities get to share this because we share so much with them two at the same time. But yeah me jumping onto the mediate like I've worked with you before on the invitation or years ago when they had it in Melbourne, and I just wanted to be on the floor so that flaws so exciting and be able to see it from a different perspective is also really thrilling to it the same time. So being here. In an opportunity to do that is really important. I think to me to also support that people that I'm behind to okay. Do you think that different perspective makes you a better athlete I think so. Yeah. I am just listing think so it gives you a I think it humbles you at the same time and it kind of makes things a bit more simple which I quite like because obviously when you do really well and a certain sport at certain time for how long is that? Appreciate that probably you put on yourself to continuously perform perform perform. And then when you can change the perspective to be okay, I'm just going to focus on doing this for my community or doing this for the actual people that I really care about rather than being like Oh, I want to get number one actually makes it more worthy for more meaningful. Does that make sense? Yeah, it sure does so that's yeah brilliant. You can hear it like All of what each of you is saying that your motivations are similar but different and you're going to be touching different aspects of the community, which is even even more beautiful to hear some terms of athletes who we're going to keep an eye out for who's competing and and who are the people back home going to be able to see what I think I think I think to start things off to kick off the home favorites we have ourselves on team really good. Yeah. which was actually pretty cool though, because we actually have But of a dynamic going on so yes, we have Michael Patterson you have David Wiggins is Stacey Lee SI Italia and we also have so Lucy it was going to be standing in for Gemma. But an interesting thing the makeup of this team is that Stacy and Dave actually Christchurch natives originally and from Trailblazer. So we actually have a bit of a good mixture and a good a good partnership going on in terms of what uh, Stacy's moved up to Auckland and she now trains up there and she's like, The up there permanently. They're both pretty close to us in terms of being Trailblazer and being all training Partners as well and same with Michael Patterson and your relationship with him. Hey, Jenna, you've been to the games twice with them. Haven't you? Oh, I haven't been with him. I'm really excited to see the sport for it a little bit longer than what I have and I've seen her make changes and who Lifestyles travel to like she went to Dubai for a bit and then she's now involvement to help her progress and she's gotten so much stronger and she's not a big athlete but she's got some strength behind this. I'm actually and I think she qualified pretty high. Check forth and then New Zealand opened last year. So I'm really excited to see what Simmons she can do with that to money Sykes and investing in property. I'm sorry, but she's from plastics for down here in Trenton Crestridge, and she's just made progress really quickly and I think will be a really dominant athlete and we really had to definitely want to watch definitely want to watch so Yeah, I'm going I'm going to feel okay, probably be talking about is a lethea birth. You know, she's a she's a masters athlete but she's competing as individuals. Yeah, just dropping a big-name. They're just casually but it's the same thing as well as I don't think a lot of kiwis know that they actually have this person that this individual from New Zealand. That's actually Done quite a bit in the sport and shine a light on her activity this weekend and actually showcase what she can do and what you can kind of inspire I think would be actually a big motivation for us to speak in. Yeah a big personality on the floor a great athlete right competitors should be a great persons of what she's always smiling always enjoying yourself as she's just got a really great to be know about her and I think that that also from a country that's so much a cultural. All to see someone that is of a different ethnicity. I would say they were probably from an island to seems that I think it's really important for people to see to that. It's not just like this can be for any culture and before any age to cause she's a masters athlete at the same time that dominates she's just incredible. Yeah, totally totally agree with you and I think the exciting part about who you've mentioned so far as we've had so great chats with Jamie and with money as well, so Keep an eye out for those podcast episodes because that they were great to talk to you both really interesting Ladies as well outside of CrossFit. So that's a good one for everyone to get their teeth into as well. All righty, anyone else any of the boys stand out for you this year? Well, I think definitely a team instinct is bringing a couple of cops busting spaghetti. You know, you got no women Luffy's. Oh, you know these guys they've pretty much proven themselves and multiple different. That forms both of them in the Regionals made it Jazz and 18 interested to see how that goes in a team. Yeah, I think this is as far as this is first showcase on a sexual level to be in the same. Yeah, see how that Dynamic plays out in really interesting. It's very tough to go from me in an individual to being in a team environment the dynamic changes quite a bit and intensity changes quite a bit. So be interesting to see how he goes on the floor and that Woman because he's of course already qualified as an individual studies number one. Yeah, it'll be interesting. Do you think it'll be even a choice for him if his team qualifies to choose between individual and team or do you think he'll go to games as well as you're going to go back again and prove more? Do I think this year definitely its own individual will just be cool to see that Dynamic within the team and how he how it goes and you know, maybe he's movies. He enjoys it that much that it could be something to look out for years to come that he might change over and start wearing that team here instead of that individual. There will be great story to follow that one all the way through. We're having a little one little quick. Yeah. We're having a very brief chat with look the other day about his what he's doing to prepare. To get over to the games as an individual there's a lot to do including sponsorship in the like so we're sending a shout out to him and wish him all the best to create that and make that happen. You guys came to have a chat to anyone when you're over here spectator wise any kiwis in the crowd you want them to show their face and stick their hand up to you. Ah, absolutely. I'm going to be crying and going hunting. Absolutely. Yeah, that's where I'm at. That's Luke's send them loose in the crowd and go find some of these coaches as well for these athletes as well. And that was just just find out who they follow and why they're following. You know, how much they who they fall in. Yeah, and what what they like about it and why they are most humble of travel from New Zealand to see these athletes complete just just to get that story of four from them funds and what it means to them to see that people on the floor competing as well and in that also, The glide on like a community feel of New Zealand and how everyone's Behind These athletes other side. No, it's fine home in the crowd especially have kiwis cheering for you. Like I'm gonna come find you. Don't worry. We'll have a nice chat and we'll see what type of community we can kind of build over there to support our kiwis on the court. So it's pretty cool. It's beautiful. How will they see you? How will they know? It's you are you going to be wearing all black Jersey very cold white guy walking around with the camera lawful is hot that is that is The man I'll be there. Yeah with a couple of really thick New Zealand accents. Is that right? Absolutely, beautiful and producing your content from the ACC. Also we ourselves a couple of different on Instagram pages that you can kind of follow up on I'll be very very active on my own and so sort of guarantee his mind would be minus GM shots. The said at the end of 7s. Underscore New Zealand, so I'll be posting all Kind of some stories to that and then every day producing some videos around the athletes different teams different thing that's going on try to get a little bit of story out there every single day. So they'll be coming out progressively throughout the weekend and at the end we'll do a big catch up as well and really something at the end which will also going to I put the Facebook page as well as exactly the same as GM shots. So yeah, both of them will be consistently updated across the weekend only returned as well as our own Journey, you know going go over to Australia, you know everyday kind of encounters as was what we experience at ACC and kind of the vibe is being pushed out both on the floor and off the floor in terms of the athletes in the community. My Instagram handle is a such a underscore sloth. You can follow me and I'll be sure to keep everything up to date. I'll be putting out at least 2 or 3 videos a day of Snippets of things that are happening around the event as well as on the floor where athletes are doing, you know some good montages to get the fire going so We got beautiful sounds excellent and Jim, of course, you're going to be you're going to be working alongside us with the SEC media team. So you'll have a spot right there on the floor. Yeah. I'm excited. I'm excited. I can't say that I'm going to do a lot of my own and strength on this stuff because I'm pretty useless with it. But but I will be doing whatever I can just to try and make everybody's life a little bit easier trying to have these guys out so they could do the best job. If possible make do they little stuff that you know takes up time that they don't need to do. Yeah, exactly. That's I'm loving what I'm hearing. It's going to be really exciting for all of the New Zealand fans to get in and tune in will also be sharing your stories and things like that on all the ACC channels as well and we can't wait to have you over and make sure that this this story about all these kiwi athletes gets told. So thank you so much for your time. Really appreciate it is so much more we want to talk to you about and I'm sure they will be Other episodes to come. So thanks. Thanks for taking the time out Monday. I'll probably bid let you guys go pack and get ready to get over here. So yes. Yeah you need to do that, beautiful. Thanks a lot, and we'll talk to you soon. Thanks Rogue.