It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie. Tag team the voice of Boston Sports Danny Picard you give me twenty million dollars. I have no more problems. I have no more problems and ring of Honor's Matt Taven. I'm the real Ring of Honor world champion because I Matt Taven it's time to take a bump. It is time to take a bump episode number 47 of take a bumpy. Yeah, and Today's Show is presented by xwa wrestling Kingdom looking for a wrestling school. Well, look, no further the xw a training facility located in Rhode Island is the best venue for wrestling and all of New England. Some people say in the entire world. I'm learn from two of the best to step in the ring Mike Bennett and our own Matt Taven for more information. Check out their website the official Xw a.com the official xw a.com. You can also follow them on social media at the official xwa. What's up Matt halona, it's been so long reunited and it feels so good. I know show last show last week. I'm gonna travel issues. Yeah. I was I went out to Nashville which unfortunately, you know, I had a little little time to Instagram around the city and a lot of those murals that I and I posted on my story and what not are destroyed now after the tornado that ripped through Nashville so man scary stuff and crazy to see you know it we're so lucky that we get to travel all over the place. And literally we were in East Nashville a lot this past week. It's awesome. It's like the cool hip part of the city the new upbeat upscale up and coming area in Nashville. And unfortunately, it's devastated, right? Now with what happened? What was the yesterday today's against a two days ago the Tornado Man things are just happening. Try to keep track racing. There's a lot going on. We have a lot to talk about we do I have to thank you. You have to thank and I have an announcement today. I'm all over the place want me to thank you first. Um sure let's let's let's let's give you a little praise, you know, first you created podcast. I hate. You know, I always talk about how you created podcast. I tell everyone I did have the first podcast about time. Yeah, and I will never forget it. None of us put that on my Wikipedia. I'm gonna put that on your Tombstone, but you also got me hooked on make millions my goodness. What a like. Yeah II the new episode just came out what yesterday or something or the day before? I watched it like in the middle of the night. What do you wait a second? Yeah. I need to get caught up. You just been a lot going on. They hooked and then you think I'm leaving you hanging like a bad drug dealer, you know what I mean? Like, yeah, you just get people hooked on stuff and you leave this they know. And I take it all back. I take it all back. You know, you're good for nothing. Damn. Anyway, where are you? Where did you leave off? Where where are you? Right. Well, we talked last two you are absolute your garbage. I can't they don't want well forget the show forget the show. I mean it J forgot to show it is it's like that's all I am. I'm hot and cold. All right. I'm all over the universe. You know me by now, you know one false move and you're back on the shit list and you love it. You love McMillan. It's amazing. It's so well done. It's like I feel like you know documentaries are so popular now that like the the formula to make a good one is out there and well-known and if you put money into it and get a lot of footage you can make a fantastic one and they are just crushing it and now I'm left like Feigning for the next one. You know what I mean? You see what I mean? You got me hooked. And and now, you know, you can't enjoy this ride with me now. I'm all alone. Scratching. I'm gonna get caught up. Well, I don't like it. I don't like that. I'm just I'm here to praise you and then you made me look stupid know. I'm gonna be I'm gonna be like, you should edit all this out. We're not going to edit this out. We don't edit anything. So you like McMillian. So what you wanted to thank me. And you did it in while trying to also take me down. But what else did you have an announcement? I have a major announcement. Summon a major announcement major announcement. Let's hear it. I'm gonna be in a video game. Come on. Yeah, you're gonna be in. Yeah. No not the one that we were talking about. Another one is come out this Sucka. Well, they haven't officially put the name into it but virtual basement is creating this game me Brian Cage Brian pillman Junior Enzo PJ black where we're part of the first couple of people announced for for this new game that's being developed. Probably Eddie Edwards probably going in to get the you know screens the shots in my face done soon. So, you know, we talked about the video game stuff for so long Bing Bang Boom. We put it out in the universe. It's happening. It's announce right now virtual basement. You can follow them on Facebook. I'm sure actually people are probably seeing no Caprice Coleman just announced it. You're probably seeing a lot of people post about it. I know cage posted about not too long ago. So it the news is getting out there. But yes, I I'm part of the roster of the new upcoming Untitled game entitled whole piece is called Matt Stevens wrestling is it gonna be it's so it's not going to be a Ring of Honor wrestling. No, no, no General so you could technically have guys from other companies. That's what's happening right now are already know, you know mlw is Brian pillman junior-m pack. So aw now Brian Cage, you know myself for the former Ring of Honor soon-to-be. Two-time Ring of Honor World said Eddie Eddie Eddie Edwards impact Matt sydal. Angel Enzo and your year your favorite ends. Oh, we're gonna have to get him in gonna have to get him go. We're gonna follow each other. We're gonna have to do two shows at once. This is great. Where'd you pick up your sticks? I know I've been bad with pick up your sticks - what's your privilege similar to travel Taven? It's been oh come to ask everyone ask so much of me. You know what? I mean? I got to get people to that's a tough break. It's tough to do your own YouTube stuff. I'm not got I got more coming. I just thought I don't want me to I don't tell we got this. Wrestling game now we could draw it on pick up your sticks, you know YouTube channel, but what else do you have? Any other details are the details are coming. I mean, I just wanted to be the first place that you heard it. I haven't said anything about it first place where it right here station, I've yes. Yes all consoles. Is there a game that it's going to be similar to like what because he's different styles of wrestling games. So, you know, what I was sold on was when he said, you know, he grew up a fan of the No Mercy for Matt and I was like, well then, you know what now we're talking so if it's anything close to that I'll I'll be playing it, you know because I'll still to this day, you know, if you want to come over and and challenge me in anything you'll notice as an N64 always set up in the living room because I'll put an Omer SRI at any time. I'm sure my creative character, you know that's been in there since I was probably an eighth grade, you know, it's still kicking ass on that game anytime you turn it on. I'm sure he's kicking ass and taking names. You just took your jacket off. You can unplug that heater if you want if you getting too hot now, it's up to you. No, no, I just I feel flexi today. So I'm just trying to flex my pecs. How you feel about him? Well, they're flexion. Thank you. So you're in a video game. That is Major news. I was not expecting a major news. I was not expecting because we were trying to get you in that other game that they create. Yeah, but since you know, they're their losses is virtual basements gain, huh? Yeah, they were actually in town this past weekend for PAX East and I was out of town. I was in that's trying to get Xavier Woods to come in here and do something with me on the on my video. - oh, yeah, and he just per usual didn't respond. I know he probably gets go over to Moxie's. I did not write in your neighborhood. Right? I've been a couple times and this was the first year in the last couple years that I didn't go. Yeah, and of course, he's there for this one. Of course, I want I want I want I'm not there yet for such is life. But anyways, you're in a video game. That's great news. I can't wait to see that. You know, I can't wait to come together to play with myself. Yeah, he did it and I was waiting for it sounds sexual is the hit well, you know, so go ahead hopefully it comes out in the next couple weeks because we don't have much time left. Oh, yeah, I mean is why are you scaring everyone? I'm not scaring anyone. I'm just trying to you wanted to know this is now the second time I have told you so so I'm just doing what you want. So, you know, I was want to know when the asteroid is going to hit Earth. And annihilate and end civilization. Yeah, I do want to know so no, it's what I'm not sure. I'm not sure that that's going to happen because now you got to have to you're going to have to catch me up and clarify things for me because I was out to eat last night because it's down dying out week in Boston. If you don't know that's just weak. Yes it is and now week how good the discounts really are not it's just like there's dine out week. There's like Phantom Gourmet week There's Restaurant Week. There's week of we collars week weeks called a Virus week, you'll get the crowbars great jump around a great time to make everybody sneezing all over each other getting coronavirus awesome stay on track. So so we had asteroids we had coronavirus what else is I'm saying I was in I was at dinner and I was trying to read that article and I didn't see it saying it was actually going to strike the Earth. So I mean y-you just scaring people. It didn't say it's going to strike the Earth that says going to come close April 29. Here's the headline from Daily Express, which I don't even know what that is, but they have the blue check mock a 4 4 km/h 44 km/h 84 km/h Droid that could end civilization will approach a earth and April does NASA expected to hit and if you read the story they say no they don't expect it to hit big with the fact that this headline exists. Me that there is still a possibility. No, it could hit that. I mean, you know, what would be really cool if we can see it whizzed past the Earth. You know what I mean? You think so besides that I mean it what are we really freaking out about April 29th, if they tell me there's a spot on the earth. I can see this comment or this asteroid whizzed by I'll probably fly there and do it. But besides that I don't know why you're freaking out all the people. All right, so I'll stop freaking them out about an asteroid, but they coronavirus for what about coronavirus? You're freaking out. Yeah. Are you coming in today? And what I asked you I said you've been traveling you. All right. You had to you being here right now. Get away to serious. Look on your face You My Mother My you know, my loved ones are just too I don't understand so why I'm never using that microphone I can tell you that when I like you you guys you gotta relax. Everyone's got relaxed when I went to the airport. I was given a mask before I left because I was told that you got to take this mask because everyone in the airport is going to be wearing a mask and I just put that mask in my pocket and said, okay. Sure, not a soul on the Earth was wearing a mask at the airport. Not on the plane not in the airport nowhere. Dalton actually picked me up in Nashville and just to make him laugh. I slap that mask on right as he was pulling up and there's just a line of people everyone, you know all shapes and sizes and then me in the Middle with this huge giant surgical mask on a knee. That was the funniest thing in the world is like you look like an absolute psycho standing out here. No one is freaking out about Out the coronavirus. Why? Why? Why are you freaking out about it? I mean, I wouldn't call it freak. You you are with you looked at me in all seriousness asked me if I did. I mean I you see these videos of people in other countries panicking and everybody wearing the hazmat suits and but there's all these masks and and you see the numbers and I get it that most of the people who were dying from this 80 years old or young babies young Yankees. Have you eaten know? I don't know I made see. This is the this is the problem and then the you see you hear all these different things like alcohol kills the coronavirus. I've seen means that they like cocaine kills the coronavirus. We kills the coronavirus and then there's conspiracies like kids. Don't get it. Chris read on SNL is like black people. Don't get it. It's like what do we what is going on? Why we all freaking out the these people don't get if you're 6 foot in your in the rain, you don't get coronavirus. But like what are we to why we freaking out too? Two percent of the population they say at Max if everything goes wrong. This could wipe out two percent of the people that actually get infected like I mean any time you mention this could wipe out people. I mean, you don't want to hear that phrase. I will say this it's the time of year right now where you might get you a little fever you might get the sniffles a little bit right? You might feel a little yeah a little sick make it look under the weather. Okay, but I mean if Get the flu or flu-like symptoms in the next couple weeks there you understand what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna be freaking the fuck out exactly how you might not have the coronavirus you might you might be freaking out about in about nothing, right, but they'd given me reason to freak out so you just you just so when we know into the propaganda you just letting letting the media get you scared get you hyped up for no reason. I mean you're going to be wearing a mask. If you traveled. Are you going to be wearing a mask? I mean, I've been thinking about doing the show with a mask. The lady behind me was coughing on the on the flight home. She might have cough like three times, but I looked at her like oh, where is your mask? Oh my are you? All right, you know what? I mean? But I mean that was one that was just because she was coughing. I almost felt like on the back of my neck because she's in the seat behind me. I know that was just me being crazy, but it's in my mind. I was like, whoo. Whoo. Whoo, I don't want I don't want anyone cough it on me at the same time. I mean, let's be realistic. There is no one. Let me ask you something. Did you know in eighteen and nineteen eighteen two hundred thousand Americans died over a disease that wiped out 200,000 Americans. No one ever talks about it because it was such a such a small blip on the scale of like the actual population that it really didn't affect things in the long run 200,000 people and this is in the early 1900 on you got that's a huge huge population, but Bullock cart on if at the same time, but at the same time that was such a small percentage of the of the population that it didn't really seem like it affected that many people coronavirus is like like not even close on the same scale as that and we're we're freaking out why because we were being told to freak out and you're feeding right into it. All right. Well relax doc the Taven. I relax if I start sneezing the next couple days. There's going to be more cancellations or this show as I I won't be going anywhere. I think this is a school in Rhode Island. I canceled I'm pretty sure one of the students from the extra be wrestling Kingdom posted on like it's countries have canceled like, oh, did you not hear that in Italy? You're not allowed to kiss is a ban on kissing in Italy the most romantic country in the world. Not a lot of go there and kiss anymore at me when they're doing this stuff and other countries because I think we're feeding into the Panic which is why we're Banning kissing the CEO. We're Banning kissing. How can I live in a world like that way? Are you saying that there's a conspiracy theory here with the coronavirus that it really is just the flu and maybe other countries a purposely panic and to make the u.s. Panic like is that no, I don't think that's what I'm saying. I'm saying there's plenty of conspiracies out there and more fun Ones Will Will arise as we keep going on at there are all the conspiracy theories out there right now are a little ridiculous, but I'm saying is that where we're going to be such Extreme Measures because we're talking. Up the coronavirus so much like the common flu kills more people a year than the coronavirus has. Yeah. I keep hearing that and but you know what? We don't always talk about the flu. So so every year we're going to talk about the flu like this. So we are going to wear hazmat suits every time it's flu season. No, but there's got to be a reason why we're talking about coronavirus because it's the new thing so new kid on the block. That's just what you think. Oh, that's it. Oh, I don't know man coronavirus. I don't know. I'm trying not to show it to me don't I hope we don't find Out the hard way, which is that, you know, there's no show one day because me and you cut the coronavirus because the other one traveling and you bring it into the fucking studio and that's it. Well now inside well, they didn't take it seriously because dr. Taven just was sneezing all over the place and he just thought he had the flu and in reality it coronavirus if I wasn't Danny got it if I said well not in both gone and cough and there's no take a bump. I will take and you know the kid who created podcast myself Nova. A great is God Rest his soul God rest upon cellos just there's not enough of them almost not. Hey, I just got a cough. I just I got the flu like a flu-like symptoms. Yeah, he had Coronavirus. You know what? Don't don't put it out into the universe, you know, we put certain things out into the universe like being in a video game and happens talking about bringing coronavirus has Studio. I don't want that to happen. So stop talking about it. See now. You're freaking me out. Yeah, so stop talking about I would you say that because I don't want you to can see it. Like I was saying it like a joke. No you were saying is serious about that you acted so serious when I walked in town I'm out. I gotta go anywhere anyway, so I was traveling this weekend. I went to st. Louis. Thank you and I I saw that there's a new Ring of Honor world champion and he's a guy that we both know well, or I know well I should say I think everyone knows who he is Roush is now the Ring of Honor world champion again, there's a weird feeling it's a weird feeling for me because I don't want rush to be a two-timing him on a world champion. I'm a guy that cares about stuff like that Legacy. The record books, etc. Etc. And to see his name on there twice as a little upsetting but at the same time it's like Don't I kind of want revenge and take it back from the guy that took it for me? Don't I kind of want ruse to have it? So when I come back and take my title, it's like coronavirus or the title. Would you would you get off the coronavirus? All right you want I'm not now you're putting the coronavirus on Rouge God from if anything happen if he if anything happens to Rouge we're coming right we're looking right at you. It would make for an interesting open tournament for the Ring of Honor world champion. Wow, you're getting dark man. This is a dark show. I'm kidding. No you use he's not kidding. He's not I don't wish L. Hope that anyone gets coronavirus. Okay for the correct. Right. I just want that's what I want people to know that cut that is and put it at the beginning of the show case anyone gets confused Lemma. We don't want anyone to have coronavirus purposes. We do not want anyone to get coronavirus. But we do want Matt to Haven to get the Ring of Honor World Championship back. Even if it means the guy who has the championship has yes, that's correct. Would you stop? Okay anyway in Vegas it's going to be Mark Haskins. Probably one of my favorite opponents one of the guys that during my Title reign really pushed me to a to the Limit against Roush. In the place where I lost the world title, it's it's a weird thing. You know what I mean? Like who died roof that's going to be a amazing match, but do I really want haskett? I don't want Russia to win but do I really want Haskins to win? I kind of want ruse to keep that title until I come back and take it from him, right? Yeah, I would write I mean that's how I'm feeling but I'm feeling torn because I feel like Haskins deserves it more than Rouge at the same time just being selfish. It's not about him. You got me. You got me. You're absolutely right. It's right at the same time. I'm looking at the card and Vega sounds he Vinny's name on it. So it looks like that guy needs me much more than I need him, huh? Yeah, I mean, you know, yeah, I saw him pick up a win and he hasn't reached out to you at all. Oh, please the Vinny is dying for me to come and show him any attention to make his career relevant again, you know Vinny is needs Matt Taven so bad. That guy is so obsessed with Matt save and he is nothing without chasing that even you know this past weekend. He ends up picking a victory a picking up a victory over probably one of my favorite things go and Silas and Josh Woods, but only because of a distraction outside stuff. Like come on, you know, come on Vinny like stop slipping. Stop having guys slip on a banana peel for you to get anywhere. Like when is this guy going to actually prove? You know, he's worth his salt like to me. He's just coasting under the radar and it's only because of a guy like me that he got everyone's attention in the first place. Alright. Well, do you know the muffin man? Well that know I don't know. I don't either. Do you know how have any update on your timetable as it? You know, we're getting back into wrestling talk now be and I can sense from you that you know, you have your eye on the prize again, not that you not that you took your eye off the prize, but obviously some things happen to you when you were forced to step back, but it seems like your tone about it now looking ahead giving specific details as to who has the championship and what you're Tsar we're talking about that again. Is there an updating no time table? Yeah, I mean I mean Everything's going good. You know, I was able to start like at home Physical Therapy. I'm looking at all these scars. So I finally am able to see them all the braces and stuff are able to come off and you know, I'm getting into put my Derma and all these scars try to clear them up and get rid of them forever. But at the same time I'm finally being able to work out some of these body parts and feel human again. So, you know, probably about the time people see me at that beach party in Tampa. I'll be able to walk around and start feel feel a little little For the first time in a little bit, but as far as getting back in the ring, it's still everyday is is getting closer to that but I don't want to say it's this day. It's that day because God forbid anything happens and I truly believe the reason why I had the surgery on my knee is because I set that date, you know, and to be honest with you. I set that date April August October 1st, 2016, and then I got a phone call asking. How about if I wanted to go down and wrestle an arena México in September a month earlier than I thought. I was going to come back from the ACL and double meniscus surgery and wrestling in Arena. México has been was a goal for me my entire life and I came back early to do it and I truly believe that I probably tore my Meniscus instantly because I didn't give it the proper time to heal and I've been wrestling on a torn meniscus for the last four years. And so I don't want to be back in the spot ever again. So I can't set a date and say hey this is when it's going to happen. I'm gonna know when my body says it's time to come back because when I come back, it's I'm coming for throats. I'm coming for Vinny and then I'm coming from my title. So you are going to go for Vinny first either way, both of them need to happen. You know what I mean? Whichever one comes first, whichever Ring of Honor allows me to do first. I'm coming, you know to me go get the title. And then you still go after videos The Champ. Are you serious? Yeah, but you could look at that course no, no, no. Absolutely. There's a giant scar on my head right here. There's a giant scar on my ankle. You know, this this this tournement Miss meniscus was bothering me but it wasn't at the point where I needed surgery until that table in Baltimore, like that's all because of a guy that I got him his job in the first place like, you know hard dad he gets to take his daughter all these cool places will guess what the reason? He has that life is because of me I put him in that position. He was just floundering around Forever Until. I came and changed his life. And this is the gut kind of guy that has left me with these scars all over my body. I'm coming for Revenge one way or another how about the people on social media who have kind of taken his side on it for some people that I thought were on your side and then I see them tweeting about, you know, Vinny's little crew there, you know, there's disturbing to see there's you know, a moron born every day and And you know, sometimes you're able to Hoodwink certain people, but I think when it comes down to it, the the people that get it no, no the right side of History. Yeah. So anyway, why are you pissed off in history and the hold on and I have great fans. Hold on. I have great fans. Let me who cares history aside. Yeah, no, no because there's plenty of I don't care about Vinny's fans. I have fantastic fans that have supported me or sending me and first off we talk a lot. I don't even realize how much we talk about the amount of junk food. I love on the show because I get sent these care packages that is just like so many re-season and different. That fans have been sending these send you junk food. They've sent me like, you know, get well stuff and then they always throw hey, they'll always throw snacks in there. That's like Reese's cups that I talked about how much I love I love all the Reese's products. Now, I've gotten to the point where since I'm in get well, here's some unhealthy shit. Yeah, right. So now that I'm in no, I appreciate it. You stop that. I appreciate it. But now vegetables I said, yeah. Well now that I'm back in and starting to move again no more junk food. Yeah, so I appreciate that. That you guys helped me on my days on the couch. But now you know now I have to give up the Reese's and for the foreseeable future maybe forever again and but we have that good of an audience that don't bring a Vinny's fans on my show on our show. No, but I've seen some people social media who know people who were your fans. What are you trying to ruin my trying to ruin my day? I mean, obviously you we know how strong you are fan bases. Nobody's questioning that that's not know. It sounds like you just question. That's it. Sounds like that's What you don't want to people I've seen wearing them out to me was getting just getting the react after the show. Maybe I'm maybe I'm wrong and I'm seeing that he's just yummy I could be just trying to Stir It Up you push tryna is Stir It Up a little bit but you mentioned history and I should say well maybe we're burying the lead on this show and we're going to get to by the way, I guess today is JT done. Yes, and he's going to join us over the phone and just a few minutes, but we're burying In the lead, maybe that a year ago. This week was the first show. Oh my goodness. Was it? Yeah. Wow year ago this week this week. Yeah. Should we hug or something? Well, I don't know virus. It's I know stay over there. Yeah, I know but that's funny. What's one is it once the exact gonna celebrate nobody? I thought maybe some people, you know, that's kind of why I brought the fans like, you know, I thought maybe they'd so way this is your roundabout way of calling out our survey. All right. 19 was episode 1 today is March 4th. Wow. Wow. Yeah, it's feels weird. I'm not I'm not prepared for I wasn't really prepared for it. Either was even thinking that it was already a year and then I saw a tweet about Northeast Wrestling in Waterbury, Connecticut, and I'm going oh, wow, it was probably a year ago where me and you did the play-by-play and color commentary from this Romania to yeah, and then interviewed the guests for our first show The One Man Thrill Ride want man throw right? And then that was episode 1 so I'm like, wow, it's got to be I can't believe it's already been a year and then I went to look when episode 1 was it was March 6th 2019 and that's two days from today the day we're recording episode 47 that's weird. So a year ago this week. We launched take a bump. It is the one year we call this the one-year anniversary special only we we didn't mention it until 30 minutes in the show. Well, congratulations for That stick around with us for a year. Please go and tell your friends so we can continue to do this for another year. But wow, I wasn't ready for that. I feel like weirdly emotional should I know it's not really an emotional mop and have a reflection moment. I don't have a moment of silence have a I don't know do you have is there a certain? Hey moment on the show that I mean, there's so much that we've done on the show. Think about it feels like just yesterday if it means anything to you Danny like you want. No, I'm serious. Like it just can't believe it's been a year. That's why you think about out all the guests that we've had and the moments where you know, you bring the Ring of Honor World Championship in here you change the name plate from Jay Lethal to Matt. Even on this show. We had video on fight TV for a little bit. We don't have that anymore. If you do this like that whole yogesh we've had Restless we've had referees we've had people who are behind the scenes. I think bringing the belt in after Madison Square Garden will probably be the most memorable thing because I think Like just I don't know having that Bell just brought us such a smile on my face. Like I can remember being on this side of the table and like looking at her and be like you just won the world title at Madison Square Garden. So I think that's probably going to be my memory of the past year. What about you? Yeah, that would that's probably it. I mean, I really I think being that Madison Square Garden, yeah that whole to battle to yeah for you too weak for me. It was like two days of wow, this is cool. I'm saying the the show at Madison Square that we did yeah, then then the following one on Wednesday like that that two-week was like yeah. Whoo. Yeah, that was crazy. And well, you know, I think we've had some great guests along the way there's so many stories that have been told I would like to get more in-studio guests, but I know that's difficult because God has traveled all over the we do it in the middle of the week. You know, when you guys were we got more local guys in here, but you know we To get the ratings up people and it seems like you guys always listen to the you don't like to listen to the local guys for some reason but we're going to push them down your throat. So, uh, what do you mean that all I'm just kidding? I'm just giving them a hard time. I'm just trying to get people to feel sympathy so they tell their friends. Well, I wanted to go fill anything. I wanted to get The Thrill Ride in here. You want to have this row right here live in studio, but we can do that. I don't know why we haven't so I mean is we had about the first episode, you know, maybe we should slow you want to repeat guests want to do them all over again? Well, I think like he it sounds like what a year later cat now right is what's the drill? I'm a huge Thrill Ride fan. That's why I may be next next week already have a guess. See you put out a question on Twitter. Who do we want? We want his guests and some random person that was requested a lot will be next week's guest. Okay. Yeah, like probably requested the most that's why should the most yeah. That's why I asked we're gonna have to go and check out the tallies of that what people people weren't saying ends old. I want Enzo sitting in this seat as well. That's another guy that I want us to get. Ask him in person to give you a personal FaceTime call because you are in love now. We don't have to do this. I'm all right, you get embarrassed like is funny because back when me and that doofus Vinnie, where were friends anytime he would meet like any of his idols. He would he would be like too embarrassed to like kind of tell him he wanted a picture or whatever and then so my approach to it was always like hey this losers been imitating you since he was, you know, six years old. Can you get a picture with you? He'd be like sheepishly go over and take a picture with Matt Hardy or whatever and like that's how I feel like it is with you right now. I'm going to have to embarrass you into meeting meeting ends. Oh, yes, you're in your you're digging them know I think I'd you know you love him. I'd be all right. No, no say, you know, I wouldn't be nervous. Look, I think the most nervous I've been. I was in the presence of Bubba a big name know what it wasn't wasn't a wrestler. Huh is Britt Tom Brady? Of course. Yeah. Well, I was in the Patriots locker room. He's like, you know, he's not even human it was one moment where we were in front of West well because laka and is an empty Locker next to him and it was after a game and you and there was like clothes hanging as I was kind of in the empty Locker like trying to get my recorder over the media scrum. And I just get a tap on the shoulder and it was Brady and he's like hey, let me get in here bud. I'm like, yeah. Yeah, and he's mr. Brady. Did you sound like right next to me and I'm like it's a little weird. But yeah, you stayed for the whole thing you're taking but it's like what, you know, it's moments like that when I've spent so much time in these locker rooms like, you know, you get to talk to David Ortiz. You know other Bruins players you tell them that you create a podcast. I mean, I think they know I have usually a sign on my chest. That's cash Creator Earth podcast, but I think with enjo I be I think I'd be all right. I'm a big fan of his but I think I'd be I don't think I'd be nervous for that one. But I think I'm one of my point is telling those stories is I am I am past the point of being nervous around celebrities and people that I Admire won't let you know I mean like people I'm a fan of like I'm past that at first. I mean I was shaking when I was in those locker rooms, like the first couple years like it took me a couple years to get over that. Yeah, you know you got pinch yourself like am I standing next to David Ortiz right now is Tom Brady changing next to me right now. Like did you help them change? Did Randy Moss? Just give me a fist pump in the locker room right now like did that just happen, you know what I mean? But no II agree and I think that's when You like enjoy stuff like I it takes you a little bit but I got to spend like four hours in a car. Just talking to Bret Hart. I was gonna say you and Brett hot like, you know what I mean? Like that's I think of what you must have been like this is crazy to me of course, but now it's not like that anymore got lunch for Shawn Michaels one or we were going to go to get lunch. We talked about it for about 20 minutes at a Northeast signing one time and then something happened but just us hanging out talking to one another like normal people. It's like yeah, that's kind of cool. We just do it. Yeah, of course. Kind of like yeah. I mean I said like a whatever I think in the time it's kind of like you act cool and then it's almost like looking back or telling other people you like. Hey remember that guy that we always watched growing up. Yeah, like spent a long time a lot of time with him. That's kind of cool. You know, we talked about Jim Neidhart and stuff throwing footballs to him in a parking lot. Yeah, so but how do you feel about talking to JT done? You nervous about it? Um, actually yeah, I'm nervous for this one. All right. Well for the Northeast Wrestling Champion Well, let's let's see if you get all hot and sweaty. All right, JT done joins us over the phone right now. Enjoy and stick around afterwards for asked Aven. Anything joining us over. The phone right now is JT done Foreman Northeast Wrestling Champion a JT. What's going on? How you doing today? Hey, I appreciate y'all having me on man. I'm doing very well. How are y'all doing? JT? Are you also the currents chaotic tag team champion, I am Come on, come on. Hey, I'm putting that Northeast Wrestling Championship on the pedestal and nobody's if you can say former and current, you know what I mean? You got to put all the accolades out. I didn't mean to disrespect you Richard. Sorry, but no none taken none. Taken JT. You know, we got Northeast Wrestling coming up this weekend this Saturday and Bethany Connecticut. What what exactly do you know what you're doing this this upcoming weekend? I thought I did it seems like things have been switched around a little bit. I'm not sure. What I'm doing just showing up the fight somebody but you'll be supposed to be me and Mike were no but that that alter a little bit. Oh, yeah, I saw they have Mike Byrne against that douche your good buddy things change. I mean did things change on you all the time like that last minute like in in wrestling? No never. I don't know. I'm not a restaurant. How often do they change behind the scenes last minute? I'm pretty frequently it's but either a better idea comes across the table or you able to land a specific Talent heading into the show and that kind of alter sound. Yeah the show will go that's got to piss you off right now. Let's get out. Are you pissed right now? Yeah, sometimes let's bury some people know what I meant. Unfortunately. We got you on the show and Danny try to instantly lay a trap. It's instantly. Yeah. Yeah. No if I was JT, I'd be like these mother they like I can't even get like a word in before they're like is are you pissed off right now? But JT your former Northeast Wrestling Champion, you know, like we said current chaotic tag champion II feel like as far as akyol AIDS in the area we could list them on and on and on but for the people that don't know you please give us a story. Of JT done and how we have gotten to where we are today Manuel. It's a long gated story. I can give you the the shortened version and I'm a recovering alcoholic and drug addict who just happen to have a very big passion for professional wrestling and the early stages of rustling for me to go. So, well, I'm stubborn and thick-headed but throughout the last 10 years. I've been fortunate enough to travel all around the world. Beating a in several different countries and stuff and then made my way to team with a person that I've idolized since the beginning and Chris hero who is now kassius Ohno and NXT and he kind of helped Mentor my brain my wrestling and get me on the right track and ever since that coming back to New England has has been great because I've been able to fix so many things here. I've never I've never wrestled for the sole purpose of just like it being about me. I've always tried to better everybody around. And me and I missed all of those qualities and abilities and the things that I was missing Chris filled in for me. So I think the last couple of years have been the most fun for me because I've seen rapid growth and every aspect of my wrestling how long you been sober for I'm next month old be eight years awesome good for you good for you very much. Thank you. You mentioned early in your career stubbornness. What can you can you go a little deeper into that? Yeah. Absolutely. What are the I just want to watch my verbage hear certain words. We need to avoid no, you can say whatever you want. Okay, say I also got to say I was very rude as very stubborn stuck up. I thought I was entitled to something just because I entered into rustling coming from football. I thought that any qualification from football would carry over. I was absolutely wrong and I think that early on in the rustling I was so jaded at my own personal life. If that I use rustling as an escape and in doing so I took all of that negative energy from my real life and brought it into locker rooms with me. I brought it on the road with me and then happened to mediately piss off all the the people that I needed on my side the surviving especially in New England because I feel like year we cultivate such good professional wrestlers and the top of the totem pole here. They usually have each other's back whether they like each other or not. They respect good talent, and I was just a douchebag of a And I wasn't really even a good wrestler at that time. But if you would go back nine years and ask me, I'd probably tell you that I was a rock then and I'm very happy to have seen all of those things change over time because man, there's some people who took a chance on me early on in my career. I still to this day don't know why they did have happy they did because I've got two seen so many cool things and have some amazing matches, but I don't know how I made it so far you gonna see that a lot like people stepping into it thinking they're thinking they're the best. We almost need to have that. That you almost need to have that personality though. Don't you in order to make it to survive? I think you do but you need to be able to channel it properly if you walk into I mean things are a little bit different these days because you can just hop on Twitter and be like, I'm the best and there's 10 people who are going to believe you and they're going to tell their friends and then they come wrestle and they come see you Russell Moore just like well this kind of sucks man. He's not a he's not good outside of a 14 second clip. Yeah, and I've always prided myself on being a very detail-oriented perfection. Style, I don't want to be perfect for a minute for a YouTube clip. I want to be perfect for 8 to 10 12 15 20 60 Minutes that way when they really sit down and observe my work and my work rate. You can't really say a negative thing about it and early on. I thought that being able to get beat up for 30 seconds by Ron Simmons Was Made Me by call Vince McMahon's going to call me. I'm going to be the WWE soon and I just acted as such and it was so far wrong. It sounds like there's a story there, you know do when reality hit you right in the face. Was that the moment that you just mentioned? Oh, no, I wouldn't say it was one specific moment. I think it was several over the course of a couple of years with that different people who needed I needed to be humbled by some went about it the appropriate way and use their words and some people didn't use their words and I learned my lessons both ways, and I've been happy to be a little bit more. Minded in a little bit more encouraging being in the world that I'm in now for the younger guys coming up in the area are the ones that I see or are recommended to me that are pretty talented. I immediately go out of my way to make them feel comfortable and let them know that whatever attitude or whatever they have in their brain where they think that this is the level that they're going to be the best dad to let them know that they're wrong and there's a whole nother World outside of this 68 radius and Twitter. You have to go out there and Conquer that before he came. Back and talk your shit. So JT, you personally won me over by by seeing you in the ring, you know, we didn't know each other too. Well, but we kind of knew or I knew of you and and you know, all those things that you talked about. I obviously had heard or saw or etcetera, but then I would see you out in the ring and then I would see you consistently go out there and put on better and better performances and just go out there and kill it every night and I think Like for guys like us that came up in this area and in the scene, there's certain programs feuds guys that you go out there and are just like great dance partners that really kind of elevates you onto a like a different level, you know for me personally. I can think of wrestling, you know, Mike Bennett and and and Brian Anthony had Northeast Wrestling or wrestling tommaso at top rope and chaotic and and those things like really kind of boosted me. Up into the that next atmosphere. It's like is there certain cases like that for you where you can think of like? Well this this program really got a lot of people to see me in the way that I wanted to be seen as just the guy that goes out there loves wrestling and gives it his best. Yeah. I'm I think the first one in this area that really put me on the map as a being more than a punk kid was my first match with Brian Fury Fury County had always marked himself as like The top Echelon here in New England whether he was or not. He was the first one to say it. So people started to believe it and I sort of do believe it. So I figured I needed to do all the slums of wrestling. I needed to wrestle all the the fake wrestlers that you folks all the guys who didn't know what they were doing worse than me and just keep having this track working to earn that match with Brian because once Brian told people that I was okay in the ring, then I knew bigger opportunities would come so Brian was definitely the first one for me and working hard to earn that. One and then fortunately I came in right at like the or I not that I came in. I sort of breaking out right at the the internet boom. We're Twitter became a Thing YouTube was finally fully accessible and I happen to be working with Beyond wrestling and luckily for me is situationally it worked where they were running in Providence, Rhode Island, which is where I'm from and I have a very very strong fan base here. So when they ran their first show I get to handpick my opponent because Russell Weird and I helped secure the venue for their Big Show so in doing so I was awarded with them. I pick of the litter and I pick Johnny Organo. I had never wrestled anybody like Johnny. I had never wrestled anybody at the level that Johnny competed at and but I knew that that was the guy who I had so many similarities to I could relate to in the ring and I just felt like story and my story needed to connect a little bit so credit to Drew and Beyond wrestling they made that happen and I ended up having a feud with Johnny that led up until he went to NXT that if I didn't have those matches I probably wouldn't have gone toward her or gain the confidence that I have now and I would have never made the connections that I did in wrestling. He was he was definitely the one who opened the door and it just it helped me even more that that Kevin Owens Kevin Steen was at the show that we wrestled and I remember him doing like a I think was like Kevin's weekend escapades was a YouTube show for him and he did like a Minute video about me leaving the show driving back home. And I remember the next morning. I woke up and it was the most booking inquiries. I had ever received in my life at that moment. And that was probably about 2013 maybe the end of 2012 and I woke up and the next day like my life changed everybody everybody knew who I was in wrestling. Everybody was interested in having me on their shows just based off of one match that you only saw clips and pictures of because the full match hasn't even been released yet. Hmm. So that brings us to you know, Northeast Wrestling coming up this Saturday and you are a former Northeast Wrestling Champion. You seem like a guy again that every time you see yourself in Northeast Wrestling Ring, you know, you're going to get one of the best matches of the night, but at the moment, you know, you find yourself in a spot where I think you're looking to get that title back you kind of I'm kind of wondering what's next for JT done in Northeast Wrestling and how has your experience been there? Winning a title that you know, when you look at the lineage of the guys that have held it pretty prestigious. Yeah. That was a man. That was really cool. I feel Northeast is I is the Premier wrestling here in New England and it's able to reach so many more top-level talents and homes than a lot of the other companies in this area that kind of just fit their Niche and stay here and there just a local company Northeast is the business and they want to expand and have thousands of people in the ground and for me, I never got to work continuously with a company that wanted to to deliver on such a high level. So it was a challenge for me coming in and I knew that I didn't have everybody's respect in the locker room at first and that was very those hard for me because outside of any W. Like I was the man like I've done the pwg stuff. I've done the international tours. I mean I came with hero which it got me to Russell literally every single Talent there is becoming in Have you ever felt like I still had something to prove and to impress Michael was a very hard thing. He doesn't I don't know man. I mean, you know because you've been there he's a very hard person to to win over and I figured my mouth isn't going to do it for me. My my locker room leadership skills. And then when the bell rings, I need to be the best wrestler in the locker room, and that was a fun challenge for me because I was surrounded by so many different types of talent and so many different types of rustler that make DW special I wanted to be the best and going in. I was a I was putting immediately with guys who I'm familiar with but also love to just wrestle the flip Gordon to the TKO Ryan's the Vincent's those matches helped guide me and put me in the ring with the bigger guys down the line such as the Jon moxley's the pentagon's the ray Phoenix is I wouldn't have been able to get to that level if it wasn't for the guys early on that helped me and showed Mike. Exactly what I can do as opposed to listening to the rumors and the dirt she reports on on JT done. Well will forget that you mentioned Vinny, but I have to give any credit man, but he was literally the first person ever taught me how to take a bump in a ring. Wow. What the hell? Yeah, like right you guys. Well, there's person has same you guys have pulled from the same town, right? Well, yeah kind of we lived about six minutes from each other. We had very bunch of me. Actual friends from our old wrestling days and literally I remember being 16 years old putting a video on YouTube with Matt Magnum and Vinny and his buddy, like randomly messaged us and was like you while you guys are dumb for where you're doing this but we can kind of see you know, what you're doing. You should come train with us. I was like all hell yeah, man, he's got a real ring. Let's go see what they're up to and ended up being in one of Vinnie's friends backyards and it was the infamous New England boxing ring that was converted into a wrestling ring. That was just sitting in the middle of the woods and when he was like, all right, I'm going to teach you guys how to be a Russell that was day. One of the woods like the snow had just cleared up. It was just me him and his kid Justin and Matt. Wow, Vinny is you know, that's actually where Vinny should have stayed in the backyards of Rhode Island. I can't fool with him, you know gun, he will get you it was sneaky little devil get you but outside of that you did something you mentioned a few minutes ago that I need to ask you about you mentioned confidence and that Feud with John. Johnny Gargano and what I thought was well what if you never had that what if you never gain that confidence to keep going? What would JT done be doing right now if he wasn't wrestling? Oh man, that's a heavy question because I want to say somebody different things but is it heavy though? And you're not the first person that's heavy. See I feel like you would have a totally different life. Yeah, but don't you guys never think like you guys never think we'll like I got to have a back-up plan at some point, of course, but to commit to wrestling you have to commit so it's almost scary to think of anything else for sure for sure early on I had a very good job outside of wrestling out was a chemical receptionist and engineer. I work for a company. Here where I test like soil samples water samples and just made sure that our area wasn't contaminated through different tasks and stuff and like the I pay I made a lot of good money off of it, but I don't give a damn about being that person like that wasn't fun for me. It was enough to give me a bunch of money so that when I was ready to quit I could invest $1,000 into gear. I bought a new car so that I can drive by myself everywhere, which is what I did for five years, and I got just would find stuff online and just hop in the car and go any seminar I'd pay For I don't really have like one school that trained me. I went to 19 different schools. I trained everywhere from Canada down to Jacksonville. I just wanted to learn as much as I could and that was like starting when I got into the match with Johnny and it continued afterwards where I would go on the road to learn but a and I mean, I mean this in the nicest way, but it's going to sound very very heavy if I wasn't wrestling. I honestly I'd probably be dead rustling saved my life. The people in rustling whether they realize it or not saved my life. My my addiction problem was very very bad and wrestling only made it worse at the beginning because I had no control and it's like it's like being the new when you become up the new popular kid in school in the wrestling locker room. You have everybody's attention and once everybody finds out what makes you tick it becomes a weakness and I'm very open with my insecurities and my battles and a lot of people in wrestling took advantage of me or early on whether it was whether they paid me instead of using money or anything. They would give me drugs. They would feed my in my habits. They would continuously put me in situations where I needed to be in a bar. They would mentally beat me down to where I felt like I needed to leave the show and go have a drink and I don't know man. I just the the way that I love the wrestling saved me and he dragged me away from that where I realized I had more value and that's why that matter Johnny was so important because Is I didn't suck in the match I didn't do I mean I didn't do great because I wasn't as good as him at the time, but I held my own and to me that was a win to come out of there with them having the most talked about match going 20 something minutes with a guy that I had never even wrestled before nor have I gone 20 minutes with anybody like that before that gave me the confidence that I needed to channel in a positive way that I need to do. I needed to show people and rustling that all these things that they say aren't real anymore that I can change. I can be a Out of person and that's kind of kept me on the my Straight Path all these years almost eight years now. Well, well congratulations man. It's a hell of a story and you know, we will leave you on a light-hearted question. She's the one that I'll steal from Danny was his original go home question until he started asking everyone still in this question. Um, well, I mean, would you ask faster you're gonna ask back-to-back questions. You want all the spotlight? Sure. All right. Well, then God favorite wrestler of all time. Who is it? Macho Man Randy Savage great one why that's my fear. Which all right. Yeah. That's a good question. Which version I would say the one that I remember the most would be like flamboyant colorful Macho Man Randy Savage early like WWF Raw macho, man, who still commentating, but it forced me to go back and appreciate his stuff once I got older and could see it. He was just the coolest guy in the room to me. Not that I want to be that person but I was just captivated by the different outfits every single time. He never looked the same. He carried himself like a like a man, even though he wasn't like the biggest guy in the locker room. He had this aura that you just had to watch him and on the flip side and other person who I grew up loving was xpod. There was a write my two favorite wrestlers Macho Man Randy Savage as fucking that's the first one we have another next pocket. We have a Xbox yeah, but that's a good one. I love it. I love it story. I love the things that he was able to do and he was more even though he's big as hell like which I didn't realize until either they have been working with him. But how big is seeing him on TV? He was so small. So I was like, oh man, this guy's like me and then I meet him in person and he's like five inches taller the biggest damn. He's like my height but like he's just a thicker human like yeah, he's yours. I'm 6 2 6 1 + x pocket. I mean, we're pretty I died Jesse. How tall are you? Well, you don't have to go, you know exposing everyone secretly exposing secret because I'd somehow you know what I mean? No, no. No, they'll say she's actually my weight is lighter than than my actual weight, which is pretty funny. It's almost like I'm lying to be thinner, but that's a whole another story for another day, but I didn't know Xbox was that tall? Cuz yeah, maybe it's just he was surrounded himself with monsters and Kevin Nash and Scott Hall, right? Yeah. Those guys are like, even the really guns in the road dogs. Like Hillary huge humans feelings gun is one of the most surprisingly huge human. As you meet Billy Gunn and you're like, oh, let's see. It becomes a big dude, right and then you meet them in your like Billy Gunn is bigger than Hulk Hogan. Like he's the same size of Hulk Hogan. He's unbelievably massive. It's crazy. Same thing when I met Mick Foley. I didn't think he was going to be as big as he was because I when you see him face-to-face with like rock and Triple H or like oh man, they're all kind of like the same size and then you see him in person and I'm like damn Mick Foley is a giant like, oh my God, they're big humans. You know who I thought I had that same thought when I saw a year ago. All when we were at MSG and I saw juice Robinson in person for the first time and I was like dude. I was like, wait a minute. How is this dude this tall like just but he was like six seven She what are you talking about? I like a half taller like it installed, please we're attacking Mexico are finished was the double quote. I don't know. He just seems he just seems like maybe it maybe it's just because I wasn't thinking he was that tall and it just it was that much taller in my head. I don't know but I just thought he was like six seven one. So let's I mean you're doing them a favor. He's 600. You know what I mean? He's a thousand years tall whatever you want to exaggerate for him. Anyway, JT will get you out of here. Is there anything you want to plug promote the floor is yours? Oh man. I appreciate y'all having me social media years or at the JT down on everything. My story is bigger than wrestling. And I love interacting with with fans or just people who I'll be meeting for the first time. We don't Talk about rustling man. I'm a sobriety Advocate. I'm just a person who loves life and I love talking about it. So if life is something you're having struggles with find me, we don't got a even you don't got to be a wrestling fan. If you come across it. GM's are wide open. Ladies. Please don't slide it in your get me in trouble unless you have a problem, please. I'm all about it. I just want to continue loving my life. Hi JT. Thanks a lot great stuff and best of luck moving forward. All right. Thank you very much. All right, great. Job, right there by JT done from Northeast Wrestling year the Macho king. That's my favorite Macho Man here. Wow. That was good. I'm pretty good at the monster man. That was solid. Yeah, I did honest. No Jay Lethal that's exactly why I can't do it anymore. Right? So in my fraternity years during one of the Halloween parties, I was a fantastic Macho Man all night long and I thought it was, you know a great thing that I always had in my back pocket, but you just can't do it when jail ethos around He he does Macho Man better than macho man. Yeah, like it's so I just have to shamefully kind of just about it to lethal sweet. I tried talking to him Macho Man Macho Man, but he just got too much. He's got too much range. That's too much macho, man. Yeah. Well, you know this is there ever too much. Yeah, it could be I don't think so Jay. Lethal has a great Macho Man now if you haven't seen it, it's out there searching Jay Lethal flare when he does his flare promo on to against flare and they go back and forth. Fourth is one of the greatest moments in professional wrestling. I watch it every once in awhile on YouTube just to make me smile. Does he have any other ones that we don't know about? he know what he's a pretty good impressionist like he can pick up people's like man your isms and he's pretty spot-on when he tries to to do an impression he should be in here doing them we can we can get it in one image Haley doesn't live in Shaw Stanley next time you guys are in town next time next time he's in top yeah you're always a next time he's in town Yeah well yeah well we'll see what then is all right well it is time for asked even anything and T before we get to those three questions there was A tweet that I have to read that I got a good laugh out of comes from and this has to do with what we talked about in the opening segment comes from slam Hub wrestling at slam Hub W says great booking decision. Imagine the asteroids destroying coronavirus for good. That is great story telling you people this is true. It would strike her. I mean I can tell why you love that. Tweet so much as your favorite things with the world coming to an end with an asteroid and coronavirus all-in-one know I what I hope I hope I hope for to lead to conspiracy theory talk but it never really there's only so far we can go with asteroid asteroids. Yeah. No because because they so far we have no conspiracy. It's either wipes us all out or passes by us like a ship in the night coronavirus. We you know, there's conspirators but they're a little too wacky for even us to talk about just haven't been ironed out yet. You know what I mean? Got to get all your ducks in a row before you lay out a previous away with five years away. I think I think we're five months away from the next. Yeah, I think we're living in a related. Maybe I bet because they're already starting to leak out but I'm not going to you know feed into them until they're they're well thought out I need a good, you know, YouTube Montage before I can really dip both toes in the water when it comes to coronavirus conspiracies, but I'm open to any coronavirus is conspiracy talk, which is a hard sentence to say it is well, we'll move on because asked David anything is what we close. Not every show it then the first question comes from Cindy at Sin City who I feel like has been asking a lot of questions lately. She's been making you know, what and she said to I saw her in Baltimore. She's a fan that always shows up in Baltimore since that she listens to the podcast with the sun. Thank you guys. Thank you for spreading the word, but she was saying that you never pick her core. Whoever picks the questions never picks them and now here you are reading her question for I think at least the third time since I seen her hmm, see that's how the universe works. You put it out. There it comes true. Now you got to stop talking about the coronavirus go on. I'm done ask David anything from Cindy at Sin City ass with st. Patty's Day starting this weekend though. Is it starting this weekend next weekend with st. Patty's Day party shot in this weekend. I mean people can celebrates. What is your this is the part of the question that you need to answer. Yeah. What is your go to hangover? Cure? That's a good question. See, I'm not as much as a Definitely, you know drank more in my college Years. So I think my hangover cure then which something that's you don't find everywhere. You might know about it, but Del's lemonade in Rhode Island don't know about you don't know about it. Don't never heard. You don't know about it Del's Lemonade. No, it's basically like like a slushie, you know what I mean? Like, you know, just slush that you get at any and where is it? They have Del's lemonade stands all throughout Providence and there's a bunch of them in Rhode Island. There was one right down the street from the fraternity house. you'd go there I don't know what it was about it but that that frozen lemonade slush would would turn my frown right upside down it would be the Cure it's probably just sugar water and a nice but it might be a little alcohol in it that might be why maybe a little hair of the dog that bit you know it's all it really is is that I was actually hydrating myself for the first time probably ever that whole day because of those living that you know college life or for some reason you think you can live without water now I'm smart enough to just know that if I chug a bottle of water before I go to sleep if I've been drinking or if I chug one when I wake up or in the middle of the night or yada yada yada it will probably cure things but at the time you're like what's a hangover cure should I eat this pizza that's been sitting out all night no let's go to get Del's Lemonade it's the best and we were T like it works every time now we just needed to put some liquid in our bodies but that was our go to hangover cure Del's Lemonade if you're in the Rhode Island area and you hear my voice I'm not telling you to go get drunk but If you do happen to try some Del's Lemonade as a hangover cure and get back to me a lot of people do Pedialyte and I think Pedialyte is disgusting. It's just watered down even if you water it down with like a glass of ice. It's just it's still gross. I feel like Pedialyte is just Gatorade with water added to it. You know what? I mean? It's just watered down sports drinks. Hmm. Do you see I just don't think it has the sugar in it that it Gatorade does. All right. I just think it's all well, I mean they left for sure. They have a bunch of different Gatorade somewhat no sugar. Yeah, have you ever jumped on the IV? I've never done that just because I'm not so I don't enjoy getting an IV put stuck into me. So I don't understand why you would sign up to be like let's go do an IV bar and have some stranger stick a needle into my arm because you feel like a million bucks after that's what they say. I think you do. I mean there's a reason why done it I haven't but I don't don't you know, I know I know pro athletes who have done it and they're like, that's why they could go out and party till five in the morning and show up for practice at 9 a.m. the next day and be the best guy in the ice so I think they show up to the to the practice Arena and they jump on the IV and they sit there for as long as it takes and you know so I don't like it and getting you know needle stuck into me and then when I had the last surgery I don't know what happened but I was all black and blue in my like the crevice of my arm and I wear cutoff t-shirt so the gym and stuff and I look down and I'm like everyone's gonna think I'm like on heroin or something all bruised up and the thought of someone volunteering Lee sticking a needle into me for just a hydrate when I could just drink water seems like something I I probably wouldn't sign up for I actually have a hangover hydration story from the Boston Bruins practice room if you want to hear like their routine involves me I was when I was on over give it to me I was it was like the day after Super Bowl this was gone this is gone back like mm this back in my 2011 2010 maybe and I was covering Bruins practice atris to Sure arena in Wilmington and it was like a Sunday morning practice and I felt horrible And comes up to me after his practice is waiting around, you know talking to players after they practice and he's like dude you look terrible. I feel even worse he's like come and so he I don't know what it was, but it was a tablet. That he crushed up put in a little Dasani water. Shook it up and looked like a purple drank and should you be saying nicely I chugged it? Probably not you probably failed a pee pee detail. Should I not tell this? Yeah, you just through please, you know, we'll do I'll beep out his name don't know we don't know anything. We don't that's the rule there will be an added. And so I drank this drink. And I cheat, you know and your muscles got like 10 times bigger than 10 minutes later. I'm gone. I feel like a different person. I feel like a million bucks. Yeah, like I didn't it was crazy to me. Just how good I felt in that moment tell no one else's story told me I should have put her story in the show. No, no, it's fine on this show because you know, we want the people of feel like we can talk about anything gonna listen. It's probably no one else about it. I can I can beat this game. I don't people's name. I'm gonna bleep his name. All right. Now it's getting flipped up. I probably shouldn't throw people under the bus because I don't even know what I don't know what I drank in that moment. But I drank something that made me feel like a million bucks and I was so hungover. It could have just been a an electrolyte. Yeah blow. I mean, yeah, no shit. Let's stop saying his name because the more we say his name the more I have to edit. I'm going to keep I'm saying his name more so you yeah, so you miss one. Yeah, so that's one bleep bleep bleep. All right, let's get to the next question. It comes from Missy - Eric's. Okay, Eric. Hey, Em. Hey Missy sent me a package. Thank you. Missy. She doesn't this and that. Okay. All right. I like it. I like it. Let's do it. Let me go let me get my game face on so let's right. I got to get my Movie Town speed round. First thing that comes speedrun the huts on this one that when it comes to ice tea sweet or unsweetened. Oh, it's has to be sweet has to be sweet restaurant table or Booth. Give me the booth. Give me the booth to Booth guy. Uh, yeah, I'll get the booth. I like the lounge hamburger ketchup mustard or I have to only pick one don't you don't you put at least two of the three of those on there it depends on where it is yeah I mean if you just got a pan if you just carry you like a burger different other places no you know what if it's just gonna be one I probably going to say ketchup even though I really want to say Mayo but I can't say Mayo because you know you probably shouldn't if you're going to pick one but I mean if we're going to be serious it's fancy sauce all the way okay yeah guy get fancy carrots all of them to be honest go ahead Oliver he had a pit if we gotta catch up catch up that's how I do my hot dogs if I just had to pick one I usually do both there was another question I didn't pick will not as well ask it is hot dog is sandwich no I forget I even asked it's know somewhere deep what about an open-faced sandwich question because I don't even I would never even consider it a question until I went on Twitter and Shop people asking the question but then people like what's the difference between a hot dog and a sub I don't like cuz you're a jerk-off it's different you know what at the difference Since it's just general knowledge. So some hot dog is not a sandwich. Yeah, it's a hot dog, right? It's it's own thing. It's barely even me. All right, come on, The Hitch-Hiker of the New Jersey Interstate grounded up into some sort of intestines. And by the way hamburger, I need cheese on it. Oh, of course. He is Cheeseburger. Of course. It's got to be a cheeseburger. It's gotta be a cheeseburger actually carrying in groceries one triple multiple. It's got to be one trip. If you don't do it in one trip, your your-your-your subhuman catch you're getting way too much. Stuff. Yeah, you know what? I mean, unless you're trying to do a legs day where you know, you have a bunch of stairs. You know, like I'm going to make this a multiple trip just to get my stairs in then you got to you got to do one trip, you know, you mean you got to let the veins in your arms burst at the seams by the time you're about to let it down on the counter books read audio audio just how I pay attention. Just how I pay attention. You will sit there and listen to an audiobook. I see that's the thing sit there. I can't sit there and read. I'm so spastic and all over the place I got to keep moving but if I have them in my headphones I can walk the dog I can be at the gym I can twiddle my thumb's I can do cartwheels down the street in the rain whatever the case may be but I can least do other things fold the laundry while listening I can't have a book in my hand while I'm trying to you know fold all my my undergarments it's a nice little little cubes I don't know what I'm talking about well you eat to me it's either you read a book you don't go near a book at all even with the audio you either read it are you get no knowledge of that you don't do audio you should do audiobooks I do audiobooks audibles audibles fantastic you don't do audible lazy years but that's because that's the writer in you it isn't you can put all right if I write a book I don't want you listening to it I want you to fucking read it you're the creator of podcast you made sure calling it a book I'm calling it a podcast yes but you're the reason why there's podcast is because people don't want to read books they want to listen then don't call it an audiobook just call it a podcast I will stick my thumb in your eye Audible is is the wave of the picture a little books over there. No, listen to my books. I like a good narrator Sonia books movies movies. This is the final one movies at the theater at home. I mean it's at the theater definitely that's the only way to experience a movie. But if you have a home theater now, we're live in the lavish life. You know, that's a goal. That is a goal. You know what I mean? That would be that'd probably be the way I want to go home theater, you know, but I do love to go to the theater get some popcorn and The Milk Duds a little salt a little sugar sit there watch the trailers watch the previews look to the person next to you go. We're seeing that or I hate that or gross. What's that movie all about huh? The movies alone. I've done that before. Yeah, I've never done it. I don't think I could bring myself to it. See I like to do things alone. I don't know why I do too. But I don't think I could do movie like the movies along. I do a lot of very it would be very I'd be very happy very depressed in that situation. I think I'm happier because it's just me on my schedule. I feel like I don't have to do, you know care about anyone else. I can just sit back and watch this movie. It's this is my time. I like it. Yeah, I don't know. No, should I just sit and read a book by myself? You should sit even more lonely not go out in public read a book in your heart get dressed up same I understand read a book set in my underwear and pick lint out of my belly button and read a book. Is that what you want me to do question number three too much info question number three comes from Paul Norton. That's a I was doing that at Rock Show 603. It's up Paul Paul Ash with Life as we know it possibly ending in April, of course what a three things you would like to Learn or do that you haven't done yet? Who? Hurry things that you would like to learn or do that you haven't done yet. You only got you got a month to do it. How about the well, these are things that have always wanted to do my entire life. I always want to learn Spanish. I always feel like I start to get on a roll and learn more but I'm never fluent enough to feel comfortable. So I've always wanted to do that. I've always wanted to learn guitar, you know II played drums and and such as a kid, but didn't you know didn't really Grass with that pass elementary school stuff, but I did learn how to play keyboard in the piano and stuff, but I wanted to learn guitar. That's something that I've always wanted to learn. I've always wanted to see the Northern Lights. You know what I mean always want to see that that's three things, but I can think of two other things that really I always wanted to see the pyramids and for some reason I've always wanted to go to Paris call it the romantic and me. I don't know why but I feel like Paris is on my list of places to go. I wouldn't do that now. Yeah, I'm not right now not right now, but I do want to go there or Amsterdam but that's more because I wanted an answer that I've never been I haven't either but I want to get on a bike and ride pad through all the bridges of Amsterdam. Okay, that's that's Amsterdam might be sooner than later. Do you just want to get on a bike? That's it. Yeah just sit. That's all I want to do. Just ride a bicycle work on my glutes. Yep. Just working on my glutes, you know, enemy you go. Sometimes you get want to go to Amsterdam get a good workout in sometimes you can just get on that bicycle and just just feel life all Around you. Well, is that is that all of this was I think so. Okay. Okay. Well things you want to learn and do before the asteroid hits. All right. Well then since it's the end of the show, I got two things. I need to say we're number one. Yeah, I'm having a seminar this Saturday 12:00 to 4:00 at the Bethany Town Hall 40 Peck Road, Bethany, Connecticut. It is before the Northeast Wrestling March Mayhem show to people will be selected from that seminar to be on the show. That very night. So if you are a wrestler trainee someone that's looking to get your feet off, you know, trying to take that next step trying to get your foot in the door at Northeast Wrestling. This is the opportunity to do it go to Northeast Wrestling.com to register but I will see you know, even if you think that you might not be, you know at the place where you feel like you're ready for the next step. I will at least be able to meet you. See what you got help you out point you in the right direction. hopefully you know you get a lot from this and you learn something and like I said two people will be selected to be part of the show that very night so there will be a return on your investment immediately for the two people that stand out the most and besides that happy birthday to Dalton Castle it's his birthday today it's his birthday today hit the music come on the music I don't know no the outro music okay okay you don't have to sing Happy bread we don't the rights to that we don't and plus I like the Stevie Wonder version better I don't like singing happy birthday but police could be honest I don't like sad they can talk what I think it's flushed I think whenever anyone sing it everyone feels the same way why are we doing this but I love it that's you it's your birthday you get to make everyone else feel awkward for you that's the part you probably sing along with yourself don't you oh I like to get everyone if it's my birthday I want to get everyone singing loud and proud you what it's celebrate we don't celebrate enough the world's coming to an end when you gotta sing it to Daulton I'm not I thought we couldn't sing we don't have the rights of the song You're gonna sing something to this. I don't know. You said hit the music because the show's over I wasn't going to end the show yet. But what do you got? I get nothing like it. Nothing has gone Vegas it an awkward silence. Yeah. So we begin a new year on this show you number two. I'm take a pump. That's next week. Happy anniversary Danny. He's not saving on Danny for COD. This is take a bump special. Thanks to JT done and Yeah, tell your friends. Tell your family subscribe download follow all forms of social media. I got nothing else to say, so we'll talk to you next week.