He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that Check out what else is out? There. There are two that I've been enjoying in particular that I want to tell you about. I haven't correspondent with either of these guys. I just wanted to clue my listeners into the kind of stuff that I think they like if they like what I'm doing here one is philosophize this which is a general topic to topic and thinker to thinker overview of philosophy. It's really well done. And I found it very useful and the other one is sacred tension which focuses on ISM from the perspective of a member of the satanic temple while I have some minor philosophical disagreements with the satanic temple that I've written of Elsewhere. I'm largely favorable towards them. And in any case this podcast is a very intelligent and personal perspective that I think people will enjoy if they also enjoy my work. I've already signed up as a patron for both of these and I think you'll do the same when you check them out that latter one is particularly relevant to the piece. I'm reading Today, I don't tend to think of myself as an atheist and I generally don't label myself as such but as long as we're talking about the traditional conception of God the label fifths well enough and I'm generally sympathetic towards the atheist perspective, but this does not mean that I am sympathetic towards all of the prominent spokespeople for atheism and there are a few in particular. I have some significant problems with among whom is the neuroscientist, Sam Harris. Harris is one of four prominent atheist writers the others being Richard Dawkins, Daniel Dennett and Christopher Hitchens known ridiculously enough as the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse all of whom promote not only atheism but also a particular viewpoint on science that will be discussed in a future sa same Harris has also written on philosophy a bit from his perspective in neuroscience and the resulting book the moral landscape has already been extensively ineffectively critiqued. By many others my favorite being the takedown from the excellent YouTube channel cuck philosophy, but I don't see many critiques of his first book the end of Faith. So I'll get to that just a couple of things first. If you find this show interesting or useful I encourage you to check out my patreon page and consider signing up patreon.com slash a Satanist treats the Bible. I've got one new Patron this month Scott Rutherford, so my grateful thanks to you for making a material contribution to My work I buy a lot of books for my research and I've been upgrading my recording setup. So your support really makes a difference. And speaking of patrons one of them mentioned to me that my listening recommendations from the end of last year were helpful and asked for a quick word on what I've been listening to and as far as metal goes nothing from this year has grabbed me at I've heard a few new albums, but there's nothing I've been really excited to come back to there's some stuff coming up that I'm looking forward to like the new ulcerate album that's dropping in April, but I've actually been listening to more African music recently. That's a part of the world that Reduces a lot of music that I really love and one of my favorites that I've been hitting up recently as an album from the 70s from Morocco cold omage Abuja ma by a band called nacelle Guan a and I apologize if I'm mispronouncing that it's based on a style of music called Noah and it's beautiful hypnotic and Transcendent one of my favorite albums of all time before I get to the reading. Okay. Today is Friday, March 6th, and I recorded most of this yesterday and after thinking about it decided to cut out a section and I want to explain why I made that choice. I wrote this piece about a year ago. And while I stand by it completely I've grown a lot as a writer and a philosopher in that time and there's a section of the original essay that I think is just not very well argued. I think the point I was making about Sam Harris and his comments on relativism is a good one, but I didn't make the case very well and it The effect of considerably weakening what I think is an otherwise solid essay the section I cut will remain in the essay itself as is posted on my blog. So if you want to read that you can go check that out. I'm not trying to hide anything or pull one over on anyone but while I've always been open about this project being a record of my progress in my thinking I don't think I need to reiterate the stuff that hasn't worked as well when I covered it when I cover it in the podcast that led me to another Our decision, which is that I'm not going to do every single one of the essays I've written as podcast episodes for that exact reason. Some of them just aren't very good. And while I'm fine with those being out there on the interwebs, I don't think there's any value in me going over them again in the new medium. I'll go on a case-by-case basis as I work through my backlog and offhand. There's only one essay that I'm pretty sure I'm not going to do which was the first one I did in strategic thinking and in other essays I might You what I did here in either cut or rewrite the dead weight. So thanks for bearing with me on that. I think that the episode will be all the better for it. And now on to the actual content. This is my critique of the end of Faith by same Harris. I was visiting my extended family in California in the mid-2000s when my uncle someone whom I greatly admired and continue to admire introduce the family to a new book. He had found the end of Faith by Sam Harris. He gave me a copy and I read the entire thing over the remaining few days the vacation and was entirely enamored with it. Harris's book is a polemical attack on the whole of religion and has become something of a staple of modern atheist thought for my part. I was already submitting Vicious of religion but now had reasons aplenty to dismiss it entirely to unreservedly hate its adherence for their beliefs and their actions and to want them dead Harris explicitly claims in the text that it may indeed be desirable and necessary to kill people for holding certain religious beliefs soon. After I was in Iraq with the US Army with every opportunity to fulfill that wish myself. Throughout my time in the Army. I practiced religion as a secular Zen Buddhist spending much of my down time meditating occasionally teaching some of my fellow Soldiers the practice trying to live by the precepts, but also as a warrior with ample precedent from Japanese history fighting in the face of what I saw as evil. I did on several occasions kill people and Justified each one the 11th of September in mind on the basis of Harris's argument against pacifism as found in the aforementioned text to the extent that I was involved in Collateral Damage. I Justified it on the basis of Harris's arguments of its tolerability. Now well over a decade later. I still can't reconcile any of this with the stupid wastefulness of the war with the money that we've spent on these wars two point four trillion as of when I wrote this and given what NASA has been able to do with less than 10% of that over the same time period I cannot help but think that we might have done something on the scale of terraforming Venus such a vast sum of money and we cannot with all of that solve the problems that Pause wars in the first place rather than continue to fight them Harris is right that the texts of Islam are often especially warlike relative even to the Bible but most of the people we captured were fighting us not because of their ideology, but because of their poverty they were starving and the local Al-Qaeda branch in the Mahdi Army and the Myriad other factions. We were fighting paid. Well coming back to it. Now I read Harris's text with Disappointment but even greater disappointment in myself Harris's rhetoric is terrible and though at the time I thought myself a competent competent critical thinker. I was nevertheless entirely blind to what I can now only call incompetence by way of still feeling too generous towards him to call him a sophists this remaining generosity likely stems from the fact that I still agree with many of his underlying points. There are indeed significant. Problems with religion and especially resulting from its manifestation as existential belief entirely absent evidence in God as a distinct metaphysical entity or in other related supernatural beings or events such as Angels were the Virgin birth of Jesus. The elevation of religious ideas beyond the realm of criticism is another problem that Harris highlights that I also agree with as well as the abuses of religious authorities and the intrusion of religious Dogma into the political sphere. But while I sometimes agree with Harris's conclusions, I rarely agree with his arguments I had been rereading the end of Faith alongside my first read-through of The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins fear and trembling by Soren Kierkegaard and the Dynamics of Faith by Paul tillich and a few other books that deal with the questions of and problems associated with religious Faith Harris's work appears especially egregious in this company Dawkins begins his own text by acknowledging just some of the broad range of things that the words religion and God can mean and narrows his Lucas to the aforementioned existential question of a metaphysical God. He disagrees that those words should be used in ways other than those to which he is referring but this is a merely verbal disagreement. That doesn't much concern me. He then attacks this existential question directly effectively, honestly and eloquently. Kierkegaard's classic is an honest searching personal work that explores to the furthest depths what faith really means rather than propping it up as a strawman and casually dismissing it without agreeing with everything that Kierkegaard said and even if I disagreed with the work on the whole I can still say that his work is insightful revealing and deeply meaningful. But for a book titled the end of Faith the inclusion of the most historically significant philosophical work on the topic of faith is conspicuously absent. It's not that fear and trembling would have changed Harris's view. I think it actually might have given good support to it, but it would have required a much more nuanced treatment of what faith and religion actually entail and Harris's elaborate straw man of religion would have fallen apart in the process similarly tillich seems an Most obvious Ally for Harris. He acknowledges the problems of Faith as mere belief as well as conflicts between for example, what is believed of Jesus and what is true of the historical Jesus and explicates what faith must mean and must always have meant in that context Harris at least mentions Telex work, but only by way of casual dismissal. He doesn't deny Telex thesis outright, but rather seems to consider it irrelevant indeed. Ed Harris has arguments only work if faith is exactly and only what Harris says it is for everyone. So a more nuanced approach to tillich would have deconstructed or at least weakened Harris's strongman in the preface to the paperback edition of The God Delusion Dawkins brings up the point that one need not study theology to be able to answer whether a distinct metaphysical God exists any more than one need study the theory and history of clothing to know that the / is not wearing any but again Dawkins and Harris are dealing with different concerns Dawkins with a very specific and pointed question and Harris with the whole of religion and one does indeed need at least a survey of such a complex subject in order to dismiss the entire thing. In the context of Dawkins example Harris's is more like the questions of whether anyone should be wearing clothing and what clothing they should be wearing and some Theory and history on the subject would certainly be helpful there. I can find no indication in Harris's work that he's performed such research in several places. He displays overt ignorance on the subject often to the severe detriment to the point. He's trying to make to take an example our situation. Is this he writes Most of the people in this world believe that the creator of the universe has written a book. This is one of the principal propositions on which Harris's arguments are based and it's wrong Muslims believe that the Quran was authored by God and there are 1.8 billion of them which is significant, but it's not most of the people in the world some Christians and Jews believe at most that portions of their books were divinely authored and that may seem a small difference but it has significant import from any of Harris's key arguments beyond that. I know of no sake Text believed by their adherence to have been wholly divinely authored. He continues while all faiths have been touched here and there by the spirit of ecumenical ISM. The central tenant of every religious tradition is that all others are mere repositories of error or at best dangerously incomplete intolerance is thus intrinsic to every Creed and this from someone who spent a significant amount of time in India Nepal Did he speak to anyone about religion while he was there? There are dozens of religious Traditions extant in that region. We don't even bother to distinguish between most of them in the west possibly because they don't much distinguish between themselves despite having sometimes widely differing beliefs greater, even than the differences between say Judaism and Christianity even going so far as to participate in each other's religious ceremonies. All I ever heard from the Hindus Buddhists and jains of the region when I asked them about other religions including the abrahamic religions was all the same often delivered with a patronizing Smile as if they were being asked to explain something obvious to an idiot. I don't agree that all religions are the same but I also can't agree that the religious Traditions that emerged from South Asia are intrinsically intolerant based on what I know of these traditions and based on what I've seen scene of their practice in that region. So if religion isn't what Harris says it is and the sacred texts aren't what Harris says they are can we accept his argument about the problems that these things cause Harris lays out a great many of these problems and some of them hardly seem to be connected to religion at all the chapter west of Eden describes the American War on Drugs in great detail, and we can indeed take from his data. That this so-called War has been Rife with brutal Injustice by what does this have to do with religion quoting here only anxiety about the biblical crime of idolatry would appear to make sense of this retributive impulse because we are a people of Faith taught to concern ourselves with the sinfulness of our neighbors. We have grown tolerant of irrational uses of state power end of quote. We prosecute the war on drugs because of idolatry. I wonder how Harris reacted to the revelations from John ehrlichman that President Nixon had prosecuted drug laws specifically for racial and political reasons. I personally found the revelations hardly surprising if confronted with that, I think the Harris would likely tie both racism and political authoritarianism to religion as well. His view on religion is something like the reverse of the no true Scotsman fallacy. The where everything bad in the world can be ascribed to religion if by nothing else than by Fiat quoting consider the millions of people who were killed by Stalin and Mao, although these tyrants paid lip service to rationality Communism was little more than a political religion and of quote. There is a good argument to be made that religion has been used to pacify people and to anesthetize them to tyranny and abuses of power, but Harris never makes it Things go really off the rails when Harris delves into ethical philosophy in an attempt to rectify the indeed mistaken belief, that one needs religion for ethics Harris has buried another of his most problematic arguments in the notes. And this is the worst of them in note number 15 to chapter 7 experiments and Consciousness. Harris seems to be suggesting that textual Works have a single objective meaning and that any deviation from this meaning resulting from any process of Haitian of the work is necessarily fallacious by way of demonstration Harris selects a book at random from his shelf a cookbook, which he proceeds to satirically interpret as if it were a sacred texts with hidden mystical import. This is absurd and infantile the selection from the text that he interprets ostensibly a recipe for fish and shrimp cakes is very obviously not meant to be interpreted as anything other than what it claims to be an actual. Well recipe for shrimp and fish cakes, this is not at all to say that the notion of interpretation hasn't been used historically to make indefensible claims take for example, the Epistle of Barnabas an apocryphal work a dating from the late first or early 2nd centuries and which was included in some early Greek editions of the new testament which takes the Jewish law as being entirely metaphorical quoting here. Furthermore he saith concerning the ears how that it is our heart which he circumcised the Lord sayeth in the prophet with the hearing of the ears. They listen to me. And again, he saith they that are afar off shall hear with their ears and shall perceive what I have done and be circumcised in your hearts. Saith the Lord and again, he saith hear o Israel for thus saith the Lord thy God, who is he that desireth to live forever? Let him hear what? His ears the voice of my servant and again, he saith hero heaven and give ear o Earth for the Lord hath spoken these things for a testimony. And again, he saith hear the words of the Lord ye rulers of this people. And again, he saith hero my children the voice of one crying out in the wilderness. Therefore he circumsized our ears that hearing the word we might believe so the command to circumcise male infants Barnabas is saying is not actually a command to circumcise male infants, but rather a command that we circumcise our ears to hear the message of Jesus crucifixion alone. I'm sure Harris and I would both be an agreement that such an interpretation is absurd but this does not at all prove that all interpretations of all literary Works, especially with regards to a work so complex as the Bible. Is absurd in a lecture series on science fiction and philosophy the philosopher David Kyle Johnson posed. The question of whether Schindler's List could be interpreted as a pro-nazi movie by way of demonstrating that some interpretations are clearly better or more correct than others. I think this hypothetical interpretation of Spielberg's movie and Harris's mystical interpretations of a cookbook are at about the same level of credibility. The only difference being that Johnson meant only to highlight an example of how a possible interpretation of a work can be clearly and objectively wrong. Whereas Harris's satire is entirely sincere Harris attempts to head this sort of criticism off at the pass by saying if you pick up a copy of Finnegan's wake for instance in imagine that you have found there in Illusions to various cosmogenic myths and alchemical schemes chances are that you have because Joyce put them there but to dredge Pure in this manner and discover. The occasional Pearl is little more than a literary game. This is to say that the thousands of contributors to the Bible meant every single thing as an exacting objective statement that even The Poets who contributed to the Psalms were deviating from the genre and style of the era and intended every word. They wrote to be taken on its face. This is to say that interpreting the Bible is being any less literal than a cookbook is a mistaken approach that we would be wrong to think that its author. Has meant anything by it that they wouldn't have intended to be included in a modern science textbook. This is just the beginning of where Harris goes wrong in the end of faith in many places in my copy of the book. I ran out of room in the margins to write down everything wrong with what he says and so much of it stems from a simple unwillingness to understand religion as being complex and nuanced by way of comparison The God Delusion by Dawkins and breaking the spell by Daniel Dennett to other major. Popular philosophical books targeted against religion spend a great many pages at their respective out sets navigating the difficult matter of talking about so complex a subject of religion at all and come to very specific definitions that they fully admit do not reflect the broadest possible understanding of the subject matter for anyone interested in philosophically tackling the challenging matter of religion in the modern world. I recommend both of those Works without reservation. I do not recommend the end of Of Faith to anyone who does not wish to extend such exploration into sophisticated, but ultimately fallacious arguments. All right, there's that and that's the show for today up. Next week will be a piece reflecting on my recent experiences in the world of theater. It's shaping up really well, and I think you're going to enjoy it a Satanist reads. The Bible is written produced edited and scored by me with the support of my partner my patrons and my audience. Thank you. for joining me today always thought that