Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random. If you had over to our Instagram at hair Love retreat we have in our very hair love way a really fun way to enter the giveaway. It's super easy. The more you enter the more chances to win and it's a freaking free tickets. Oh, holy shit. What a huge scholarship. So go ahead and go inter. Wow. That is awesome. What a great opportunity to win this ticket. I know like just just between schedule is City and her lover treat the trying to bring all the love together. We love them. We can't wait to see them. On met in the first week of May. Yep, and we can't wait to see you guys there as well can we can beat this guy scholarship winner? And of course, none of this would be possible without on the anchor app, you know, lots of people have reached out to us about how to start their own podcast. And you know, we always direct them to the Anchor app anchor. It's a free to use it's easy. You know, it's everything that you need to make a podcast on you can actually record right on the app, which makes it really simple anchor also takes care of two of the most difficult things in podcasting one is distribution and they just they distribute it to every where from Apple to Spotify to, you know, just lots of lots of different. Different apps and programs and they also another hard thing is to make money and they make that pretty simple as well by giving you a adverts as well as allowing listener participation. If you're interested in doing a podcast download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, what's up, Tom? It's a brother. Amen. I want to give a big thanks to our sponsors today. Thank you schedule listening. Thank you so much for doing what you do for our industry. You give so much love you have so much love to us. We want to thank you from the bottom of our heart. Well in 2019, they changed the industry, right? They changed the industry with both schedules and cares by giving away five thousand dollars a month to a hairdresser and some Barbara's right and with schedules who pays Yeah and schedule as he pays was huge ginormous. Yeah, and it definitely definitely will save you money. Yeah, no doubt. There's no doubt. I mean at one point nine nine percent processing fee and for 10 cents a swipe. I mean you do your research. You can't find better now and a free card reader and a free card reader. That's right, which is integrated right into the app, right? So you don't have to leave the app. Everything is right there for you. Yeah, and also we want to bring to the family. Yeah, so we're also excited to talk about a salon scales and welcome them. Fuller than they give you the price which then in turn you you you you forward to your to your client. So what they're doing is they're going labor and products. So you charge for your labor, you know, you charge x amount, you know per per hour and then you're also charging for your product but they kind of walk you through that but more importantly to me is you see exactly how much product you're using and exactly how much product that that it's costing you, right? So like I know for instance like I was way off Undercharging like for either a gloss or for a toner because I was using more product that I was actually charging for it. So, you know for years and years and years, I've been losing money with those Services. Well now I've readjusted my schedule my pricing so now I can I can make some more money on those products or so that lose money not lose when exactly I mean literally it's crazy when you do a gloss and now it's costing you money, you know, that that's just silly just like taking your car to a mechanic and they charge you for labor and not for part exactly, you know, exactly. So now they've given us the ability to charge for that and again just for me the biggest Ah-Ha for me was just the awareness of what these products are actually costing me because I had no clue before a really another really cool thing about Salon scales is that you just put in whatever product line that you're using and and it's already preset in the in the app. You just go to their website and you go. Hey I'm using this product line that product line this product line and it just it automatically puts it in the app for you. So when you're when you're weighing your You just move on and even if you like because we're independent. What are you going to do? Because we're independent, you know, we use we use it's not just one product line that we use one color line that we use like I use is what's called Lightner but I use Redken Shades and it's in your able to put all those products in there so you can weigh exactly exactly what you what you want. So the making it super easy for you, they're making it incredibly easy for you and you're saving money and you can actually make money because I think I said earlier you You can set the price to whatever you want to charge for that meaning like if a tuba color is costing you $10 you can mark it up. So it's $20. So when you forward that to your client that little bit of a margin there as well, it's so great again. Just thank you very much Salon scales. Thank you for being on board with us. And and we can't wait to see how you guys changed the industry in 2020. Hey, welcome to your day off. My name is court. Of course. I said, well my best bud toe was I man, what's going on brother Another Day in Paradise? Yes it he and I know that paradise is in London today, right? So we are we are we do have a call all the way from London today. We're really Mega excited. She's the knowledge bomb Queen dumb. Yeah, she knows her stuff me. She doesn't like it's funny like, you know, even if you like if you look at like Instagram followings, are you looking followings on you know, let's just let the cat out of the bag today. We're talking with Sophia Hilton and Sophie again again again, exactly. My besties are besties. Yeah besting she We're besties. But if you look at like he saw he was about to replace me again, if Sophia would only sit in your chair. So so when we talk about Instagram following, you know, there's a lot that there's two different types of follows. As far as I've seen and that is like you get like these Mega followings, you know that a lot of people that a lot of people follow and then there's this other like better or worse, but just different following and Sophia has it too. Above the coffee. Has it Gina Bianca has it and that's that. It's not just a following but it's okay cause that's it. Yeah Hunter knows that and whatever they say in their followers are in. You know Hook Line & Sinker. It's like they've got the real engagement in the real hook. I mean, whatever. I don't know what they've done and maybe one day we'll get the secret behind that but man those three, you know, they just they've got they've got the Colt. Yep. So we were definitely called members. We definitely listen to Sofia and hear what she has to say and all of them really But Sophia was kind enough to come back and she's such a she's such a knowledge Bomb Dropper that we don't even really know what we're talking about. She's going to kind of tell us what we're talking about and I guarantee it's going to be spectacular a hundred percent ready. Let's do it is ready. So miss Sophia Hilton, welcome back to your day off. Hi guys. So nice to be here all the way from London. So nice to have you man. How's the weather there? It's pretty sure yeah, I feel like I'm in London because it's overcast little chilly Rainie Rainie. Yeah. Yeah. It's so crazy anyways. It's understanding why people are not really going into the classroom. Why are people not getting educated and I've got I've spent the last few years trying to work this out and I think I figured it out and I think I'm helping with it. And I really think it's because a lot of hairdressers we went into how to saying I'm Bob has because we hated school and the classroom environment is school and a lot of us dyslexic dyspraxia core, whatever and that that's kind of got such Don't know. What was it like for you guys I do that. I've there's a lot of like, you know negative Vibes for a lot of hairdressers in that environment and they love them don't want to go back to that mean it could definitely and you know, just to our experience do the podcast. I think it's fair to say that you know, you have a lot of people that weren't like academic, you know, it's rare it's rare when you find the academic that then gets in the industry. Yeah. I mean even even going through hair school. I mean just like high school Corey and I cheated or way through Might take a license man. Yeah, I mean so I don't know how it works in every state over there. But in order to keep your license, you have to keep up with your education. Is that right? Yeah, some states require that some states don't and and then there's a big movement right now that's going on that I'm states are actually removing the licensing process, right? So we're not licensing UK. So there isn't any requirements continuing education. And what I found is the educators of the UK and probably the world they tend to educate the same people. There's people that love education. They're always on education them always improving. But what about the it's literally like 95% of them aren't there. It's the same five percent on repeat that feel comfortable. But the rest of them don't and I tell you how this happened because my mom's a hairdresser and with the quotes respect. She I think she found Paul Mitchell course 20 years ago or 50. Yeah, maybe 2015 20 years ago and not really ever anything sense. I used to get really frustrated with her and I see like why why do you not want to improve? And I started to understand or know a little bit more about my mom's anxiety and how she gets really nervous and like medical anxiety walking into the classroom and I just always had a know I always thought she was lazy or you know, I just I was like, why would you not want to be better at as someone that's obsessed with education that was just mad and the more I started to understand of how nerve-wracking that environment is for people to go in I start to stop. Looking at people going. We just lazy don't improve and I started to think maybe it's our fault as Educators. Why is that environment so scary for people and why we're not changing the environment so that those people want to come in because they're worthwhile people in their great hairdressers, but the environments just too scary. You know, what as you're saying that I'm totally seeing it because even on a skill level we're all different skilled and it's like just like a regular classroom, right? You always got the the smart kids that Is raised her hand the speak and most of us will sit in the back and we'll just you know, kind of listen and write and say these classes right and it's that's wow. Yeah, that's all right. What about it's like Cuba in the UK. A lot of the education is in these beautiful big academies and for years. The idea was to make those academies look as professional as possible. So what I think is quite funny about the industry is I don't know. This is my impression of it that we weren't seen as a particular intelligent industry and that we would dying to be like, you know, where We're professional were fantastic and we try to professionalize everything but we went a bit over the top with the professional. It is totally possible. You can completely awesome at your job without having to be really clinical and grams. You can be casual and still great. But I think it's an overcompensation for the fact that we want to be seen up there with academic careers. So all of these academies that just so lavish and they're terrifying and you go you Get there and the lady comes out with a clipboard and you waiting to speak Corridor and I don't know that they really scared me. So I think that's why we've not another Academy I try to work with a lot of the silence. Well, we tried to get rid of the professionalism in the best way possible make people feel more comfortable. So professionalism is one of our values as a company but not officially professionalism in the way that makes any of you feel intimidated or that they need to behave a certain way, you know. But I certainly see that with older stylus that maybe haven't been on education for a long period of time that's even worse for them because if you haven't been in education for God knows how many years and then you walk into a classroom and there's a 20 year old could do it better than you you're not going on education plan little Sophia just to be honest and Frank with you. I mean like, you know, I kind of grew up in the like baby light high like error, you know, so like even when we moved to like Balayage or even Viv, it's like a specially balayage. Because it Balayage is kind of it's not coming off. The look is coming off the ends of the hair not on the roots of the hair whenever we did fight so it took me a long time to like visualize past that I mean I even though in Bali eyes are still wanted to kind of take those fine like those fine like baby fine section, which then would like create create spots and create and it just took me a while to kind of understand that that I have to work ends to Roots the poster roots to ends. Does that make sense? Yeah. I understand. So most things in life in business in technique. Everything's a Evolution or something else? But right now everything that's being done is fuck all to do with what we've been done ages ago. It's like hot for a brand new. So it's really hard about uh is nothing like that lives. Is that like a freehand value - so it's not even that you can use those skills and build on it. It's suddenly like, you know, someone comes off maternity the been away for two years and then Everything's changed and that's really scary. Oh, that's cool. I'm still terrified. You know, it's like I still don't I still don't approach you about. I was with the same confidence that I do, you know like a foil highlight just because you know, I've been doing that for 30 years, you know been slapping foils then how do you tonight? And I definitely I run a course for post-eternity. So people comment about them coming back into work and they usually don't come back into work and the junior that used to pass up to them now knows a little bit more about the techniques than they know and it's such a short period of time and they're already lost a bit confidence. Anyway because of this new Mom, they're like the whole and I'm a new mom so I can relate to that. At so what I've been trying to do recently is trying to find maybe a slightly older stylist or a stylus that maybe just lost confidence for whatever reason could be medical anxiety something else and then maybe some of that's been on maternity or someone's Works in certain someone that maybe hasn't moved as fast all of these tiny little pockets of people. I want to be like, it's all right. Please come back to the classroom where nice we can look after you. You know, I don't I love the ones that love education and their back-to-back but someone else Look after those. I want to take all the Forgotten ones everywhere that my students are the ones I love, you know God. I love him. I know I'm going to you know, it's interesting to Sophie and Tony and I we talked about it almost every time we do these events is that you know, we travel around the country and we get to do these like great big events. We're so blessed to be able to do that. But you know kind of as a joke and I actually never saw it out as a negative until right now not that it's a negative necessarily but it's just it's poignant is that we would make the joke that Look at this. It's the same faces at all these events, you know, so you're right. So that is the 5% that are at all these events and there is the whole 95% Yeah, that's out there. And by the way this conversation that we're having today, all the brands are having internally because we hear it, you know, we hear it and what we've heard can see feel it. They're definitely feeling it and you know, the consistent talk that we've had with the manufacturers in the brands over the last year. Is that is that is that attendance is down and why is that? And and how can they bring attendance back up? You know, I had a conversation with an artist recently and this person said, you know the end of the day like, you know, there's all the Silas the falling behind it's their own fault. Like they need to get themselves back into education valve on this person's like a really well-known educator like really high up and I said, well, I don't think it's there for I think it's your fault because if they don't feel comfortable on your courses, what are you doing wrong? Why won't they step into your classroom if you're a good educator you need to Make everyone feel that they can be with you and I worried that there's a lot of Glamour around Educators. You know, what you wear and like to be this it's become a celebrity States is what it has been for years, but that then we're only connecting to that 5% You know, what about everyone else? You know, so, how do you I mean, I guess, you know to put it back on you like what are you doing? You're not just saying like I'm for the other 95% like what are you doing? What are you doing to help that 95? Yeah, we've launched courses for hairdressers is called colorists anxiety. So it's not necessarily medical exactly. How can I help you with medical exams. You need to come see it so, you know, but I can't help you with things that you can do on the salon floor to take the pressure away. The first thing to take any kind of anxiety on the shop floor way is to just educate yourself back to back because the more you know, the more confident you'll be sitting at the table all the world like a bit of sir. And everything you know is in that Circle and when you pop out of it, you know what that feels like it's like that moment when you're a bit worried about a color. So you do a little drive-by at the base of would be like looking down like suddenly you see it. It's not quite the tongue you want and you just want to throw up on yourself. I still get that or you're blow drying and that moment you blow-dry. You just bring that I get this now. I still get this and you just blow dry it down and you're like shit it just is not What you expected and then there's this sick feeling and then what I tend to do is I put my bomb to the mirror so she can't see for another couple of seconds while work out what the hell to do. You have that little meltdown when I usually go to pretend to get a product even though I don't need one because I need a moment in my own mind, you know, there's all these little things that we do, but the first thing I think is you need to invest such a large amount of your income back into education and if you're self-employed you need to sit down. Every year of the pen and paper and go how much my willing to give and you need to put a budget down on the piece of paper. Not all this course looks good all but I'm going on holiday this month, maybe not that's not going to work. You say iron x amount of thousands per year. This many thousand will be education and you allocate that out and it's not your money. You need to put it in a separate bank account that stop the sick feeling but I got some little tips something that I do that I find quite helpful. So like with the toner saving up on mixing up a peach tone. Okay, and you know like sometimes with these these types of colors they can go a bit either way, you know, depending on the hair they might end up going a little bit more pink a little bit more. You know, I don't know that it's it's not a certain. It's not your certain work. Is it so you mix up a bit of a peach toner and I always say to the client. Okay Claire. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to mix up this Peach told her just a little bit lighter than what you need and and and she was probably say something like that. Thank you Sofia, you know, I don't want to go like too bright or whatever. You say. No, no worries. You know what? We can always go stronger so I might have to do to toners but we'll just see when I got a mixer toner. I mix it exactly the way I think you should be I don't mix any lighter. I mix it what I think but if anything happens like it's a bit to read it's a bit too pink. It's a bit to this whatever. I've got the opportunity to do a second owner without her thinking I fucked up hmm the lab equipment. I look at it and I go you know what darling let's go a little bit stronger and she goes really are you? Okay and I'm like, yeah, come on, let's do it and I got a mix-up and I'm like A little bit colder than that and I sorted out so I do a lot of what I call cya I'm gonna go to bed cya you guys are listening to my hands which is cover your ass. So I try to teach a lot of things of how can you can cover yourself so the client doesn't lose faith in you that's the thing you need. Is this awful moment where they go? Oh why sorry, why are you doing that? And you know, it's just horrid. It just really knocks your confidence actually. Yeah, that's right. You just you're setting yourself up, you know in the future of being able to kind of like pivot. Yes, that's so so we do things like a replete as well. So if someone comes in for Valley assure Scout bleach, I will always write down look if you avoid struggles to lift. I'm going to retweet your hair. I'm going to reapply on the ends if they had will take it and it'll be this cost and I charge an advanced trip and that way if anything happens the hair is struggling and I have to make any tweaks one. She's prepared. You know, it's all good. Do it because there's nothing worse than walking over to a client lifting down that foil seeing that it's not lifted to what you want going to remix and then her going oh what's wrong, but what's happened? What why is it was well-known and you know as well as I do nothing's gone wrong. It's just, you know, it just hasn't lifted like, you know that you expected but she's already lost faith in you and this moment where she thinks it's going wrong, you know, we always charged in advance for additional Services if it happens. Ends so that when it happens the client doesn't think anything's happening. So I said, yeah, totally I mean the color is I mean everything is covered in advance so that she never ever loses faith in you. She always thinks it's just part of the process. It's just what we do that's brilliant cya basically why a man like that might have to be the name of the podcast. I love you, man. That's really good. What um, so do you have any like another like you're big on meditation and stuff like that. So let's say the shit hitting the fan like like the practices that you can do and whether you know, usually in the city, I study a lot of psychology and that comes into a lot of my education but one of the things especially when I speak with even had mental health practitioners come in here and do talks and stuff when I speak to a lot of people about mental health and the workplace one thing they always tell you because I used to working office. Isis is have a buddy and when you're feeling a bit overwhelmed, you have a buddy and you have permission from your boss to go and take a walk with the body and take some nice deep breaths. And you know, I'm really clear your mind. Okay, you can do that in the middle of the forehead highlights. Probably not. So the information they give you so bloody irrelevant to our industry where your client facing and you can't move. So one of the things I do ask my guys to do I've even got these little candles in my office. They're not real. They're like Like two peas and I tell them that if they do have a gap that they can come into my office and they can literally sit down and you can do what's called a body check in. So you work from your head. Don't you guys ever done this you work from your head? You're like, okay. So what does the top of my head feel like what a my eyebrows feel like what a my cheeks feel like what is my job feel like any work all the way down and it's weird you start to notice all this tension and different parts of your body that you didn't know your Holdings if you keep taking those deep Rest in and out. You can really really reduce that not say medical anxiety about natural anxiety that you're experiencing and it can be done very fast. My my mentor says you can always do it when you're paying as always done. So as you sit on the low, you're literally you just in the time it takes and if your boy you have to sit down so my husband always says, it's not fair that go girls get to sit down they get to rest their legs and And um, so you take a seat and you breathe in the time it takes you to have a way and you know, that might be just one minute you can dramatically reduce how active your body and your brain is and how intense it is. You can bring it down. Oh, it's nice and you know, I would tell you this is not enforced by me, but they know I do it over half of my team do it regularly just which is a really good amount because not everybody needs to be into it looking for sure, you know. Chew in this has come up a couple times on the podcast to is like sometimes as advert as I'm losing my train of thought we just need permission. Right? So like your environment probably creates permission to be like, oh, you know what you can take that may you know, because because I certainly know like if we were to a lot of the salons that we've worked in if we were to like, oh my God, I just need a meditation break, you know, like certainly you'll be on you but you know because you're creating an environment Which that is I would feel much more comfortable being like, you know what I'm just going to go take a minute. I'm gonna go take a we as obviously it's really interesting. You guys spoke. No, no, okay. So when you smoke what you tend to do you go outside you stare into the Distance by yourself for a bit and you take you know, you smoke right one of the things that comes down anxiety be that medical anxiety are just natural anxiety that can happen on a hard day is to and I quote leave your isn't especially if it's noisy or active to stare into the distance and to take deep breaths to the bottom of your lungs. Now think about a smoker leaves the environment as into the distance. So of course this habit and of course, there's other things with smoking but actually when they're feeling stressed that's exactly what they go and do so if you're not a smoker you should also be enjoying the benefits of breathing and being out of the environment just for those minutes. I think it's Silence notice get to do it and we don't I want a non smoking smoking break. I see a huge line and you're trying to get to the Loo and your salon, right? Yeah. Everyone's like, can you imagine Christmas time? Make sure you just take this two ways to think about it. There's more meditation. So breathing is a breath awareness is a type of meditation, but it's not meditation really. It's just a way of reconnecting your body for a second working out what's going on inside you so that's quite easy really because you're keeping focused on something. Oh my eyebrows and suddenly you'll notice that your eyebrows are really tense. My jaw specifically was It's really tight I clench so that's really easy in some ways to follow that because you just check in with a part of your body and that keeps you focused normal meditation as it is is a bit harder because ultimately it is about trying to clear the mind but that's impossible. The mind just doesn't clear. Have you ever tried it? Yeah, I think that's the way you're supposed to meditate. It's impossible. You must know I think because everybody is trying to think to themselves. Okay. I need to not think need to do not think I know it's not think There's an exhaust then you're thinking about not thinking yeah, and then you loot. So first of all, you got to stop trying to win which is hard for someone like me. Maybe sometimes someone like you because you want to you want to win. So what I do is I will just take a moment to myself. I use an app actually called headspace that I really like, but sometimes I can do it without that. And what happens is you just do some deep breathing and a thought will come into your mind and what you need to do is just be like, all right, I'm thinking about Cheats, okay, cool. I'm just going to let that go and you try not to engage in the thought you just go. All right. Bye and for a little while but I used to have to do is I used to get a bit random. I used to get the thought and like blow it into a balloon and then I tie the bottom of the balloon now that it's float away. Because sometimes people say when they try and meditate the more they try not to think about some of them or they want to think about it and then two seconds later not even two seconds one second later. The next door comes along was like you next clients going to be due soon or something. I have to do tomorrow and you go here that goes and literally for 10 minutes straight you do nothing but thought release thought release thought release and that might stay like that for you isn't anything that it's getting better. That's it. That's it. That's the whole thing. Wake up this magical thing to happen, but nothing magical actually happens. Now the magic right? Oh, yeah about two years later one year of doing it properly in a year of kind of being all over the place. Now, I guess sometimes this little moment where maybe three seconds at a time. My mind is Oak so I could be rowing like and then all of a sudden I just kind of you know, you don't you let go of the oars and floated for a little second. I just get that moment. I'd like piece and then bomb and that is something like it's me. But if you try and only do it for that moment, I think you'll be deeply disappointed because it goes really have you ever done retentions breathing retention. Like when you holding your breath like like I for a while I was practicing like the Wim Hof method which is a retention and and it was actually interesting because the more I did it the more difficult to God like within the first week. I had a four-minute in 22nd retention, right which meant I held my breath for four minutes and 20 seconds, which is actually which for me was very easy. What was hard was three minutes? I'm right because well one it's incredibly meditative because you have to be on point. Point because if there's if there's any kind of like distraction and you have to get really really Mega deep to do it, but if there's any kind of distraction will pull you right out of it which by the way at 4:20. It was a distraction that pulled me out. I wasn't I wasn't suffering you know, what three minutes is more difficult because that means that there's more distraction to my head if that makes sense for 20 was very very easy. Three minutes. Sometimes is really really tough or two minutes can be tougher a Min and a half. It's an amazing. I do therapy called breath work, which is where you have to breathe in a certain way. And it puts your brain into a very strange place. I mean it cause you can kind of tell you if you decide anything anything like this to me about two and a half years ago. I would have been like hippie shit not a chance and I'm a very scientific girl. I like facts I buy all of that stuff but so much of this is in fact, this is in science is real. It's not it's not really be shipped. No as a matter of fact, I mean, that's the if you do you do you know whom Hafiz no. No, he's this Dutch fella. Yeah. It's Isn't it w IMHO FF? Yep, so, you know Vice by Stevie or vice whatever Vice did a thing called The Iceman because because when he'd like side with science, he's just become a Wim Hof commercial but like for instance, he he climbed Kilimanjaro and nothing but like a pair of shorts. You know, he ran like a 26. Yeah and some boots. He ran like a 26 1 random. Marathon like in Antarctica or something crazy with with nothing but shorts and stuff. Like he has like such like body control, but the coolest thing is that is that through his practice is able to teach others how to do it as well. So it's not like he's an anomaly he's just figured it out. It's really interesting. You're in you're in dude, you're totally in and like you're going to get stuck for about the next six months. No, I manage any tips. I don't know. This is a bit of a secret really but probably badly kept secret, but I love her just saying, but I really love all the other stuff. If as well and that is probably where I see my life and my career for the future. I'd really like to be able to help people with this sort of stuff because all the crew in the Vise in the world means nothing. If you can't get your shit together, if you're struggling with any kind of mental health or just just just basically just getting the energy to do things or if you're stressed out or you're confused about where you're going or you don't have directional you don't have goal. But if you don't have any of that stuff then the deserts a secret because if they listen to your first podcast Art is all about helping others. Yeah, you know, so I mean that's one of the things that why we fell in love with you just because you care so much about a human being, you know, the people not necessarily just hairdressers the people and the other stuff because I can I can I can get an assistant like that. I'm training one on one that can't quite understand how to foil or do you have to do this or whatever when I reached deep route it down. It's due to the fact that they don't have. Belief in themselves so I can really spend a lot of time trying to teach them to foil or I can spend a bit more time getting them to believe in themselves and would you know, then they start to foil we focusing very much on chopping the leaves and we need to get like right at the root. Well said well said nothing, you know like for a brief period I was doing some some one-on-one mentoring and the biggest takeaway that I took away from that is how often you know, certainly are Family or our school system or teachers. You know, how often did someone just you know, look you in the eye and say I believe in you and I believe that you can do this, you know, and I think that those those simple words. Yeah can be the most powerful to now you have to back it up with action and really show that you believe in them. But but but I thought that was pretty impactful for my journey as a mentor. I think you never know that that person may not have heard that and I'm very lucky I grew up in a family where my family do believe me. They support me like I think that So much to do I grew up with so much love so I'm really lucky but you can over presume that people hear that they don't like you. I think you over presume that they don't hear that. Yeah, you know and I think and I think that that's just the truth that you live with them. Anyway, that's a whole another podcast in itself. Yeah. So Sofia there's a there's a really bad rumor that that you're coming to the u.s. You want to tell us about. Yeah, absolutely. So I'm going to be over in June. I'm in Connecticut with Gina Bianca's. So I've got my own colors show in June and the day before actually I'm doing a bit of like a business chat with her as well. So that's really really Fab and then I am going over to La as well. So if you're on that Coast, I'm going to do both coasts, but hopefully everything that you've heard today. I'm going to be covering technique and how to get better as a colorist, but also a little bit more behind that I'd like to I'd like to teach as well. So I'm so excited. Moreover I really am. Hopefully we can make it up there, you know International badass. That's where she is right now International badass and I do know it's a big trip. It's expensive trips. I don't know if I can come see you often, but if it goes well and you know and everything goes well and if it sells well then why not? I could be your new neighbor. That's so awesome. That's what I'm talking about weird. We're trying hard to get up there. Gina said we're allowed to crash our class. If we if we want to if we can do and we certainly would try to try to crash that because we Want to get up there and just just to meet you and just to give you like a awkward American hug or something, right? But that's cool. So, okay, so you're doing the class with Gina and you're doing it in LA where can one find tickets or find information about that? If you just go on not another.com. I'm not another is where all the Brand's I've got mine on others. I got social media company. We've got the salon and I've got the Academy's just click on the academy and all the tickets about perfect Sophia Hilton. Once again, thank you very very much for joining us on you. Hey, hey, so there it is. Hey, this is a message that we've been trying to bring. I don't know for the last couple of actually since we started the podcast. Hey, so if you like the podcast or if you find that it's useful, please please please leave us a review of five star review on iTunes on leave us a rating and a review, but if you don't like it forget about it, forget totally forget about this message. We also want to thank Sarah and Blaine from pretty gritty sarin. They are a band out of a Portland, Oregon and we just want to thank them very much for allowing us to use their song pleased to meet you on our podcast. That's cool. I think you can find actually you can you can find their music on when I can peace and hair grease.