We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think Wow, quite a lot. Yeah, and that was off the back of another 18 months to so wow. Okay, so which I was a World Tour was like both World serves you right? Wow, the first thing I notice when you walk in the room is that your hair is got longer since I think so. Yeah and pharaoh. Really good stuff that dreams are made of very much and everything else in between. I just get I have no idea what that life would be like and I think some people would think it would be the greatest life ever to live back in imagine. It's pretty challenging. Yeah. It's it's not that I don't think it's the most healthy lifestyle. You may have put it that way. Oh, yeah and for many Reasons for em, you know, it's as in a sense you are living the dream, you know work as a musician as a drummer. You're you're playing drums every night to thousands of people's no Pleasures is yeah. It's really really awesome. But the other side is you don't see your friends. You don't see your family your girlfriend, you know, life gets elevated gets life gets weird. Yeah living in a bus indeed. Yeah finding the best places to eat on the highway. Yeah, I mean I've been quite lucky that way that we tend to be in hotels more than on the bus, right. So it's kind of finding nature restaurants in cities that are usually pretty cool right which is the fun part. Yeah. I like to just set that. I spend most of my day looking up where I eat and live past kind of stars on my Google Map like she look at some cities in my Google Maps and it's like one Big Blob of stars because I've been there so many times it's wow, which so I get quite excited about revisiting alas, you know, Restaurants and coffee shops bars that you know, are you fortunate? I think you are but you can codify a not fortunate enough that you don't really have to deal with any of the logistical side of all that you just kind of get told with evil Yes, actually yeah, same one life saved my life, right? Yeah, like look at the tour schedule and be at the airport on time then that's me, you know, so I don't really need to think about anything else as long as I play the rate drum parts. Late night three forgets to let alone forget to Play The Mother We Share the biggest single house that every night is that tough like having a plane literally the same thing for a year and a half every single night and it's great Challenge and I think is a lawyer, you know, I'm playing every night. So I'm playing drums pretty much every night for what 90 minutes longer than that. I'm playing I'm playing exactly the same thing. So I don't feel like I feel like I've got really really really good at playing Chachi songs, but really really bad at playing anything. It was so dry - I don't get a chance to practice Yeah, that's one of the annoying things it's not as I love playing every day and I love their music and you know, that's not the problem. It's their get quite frustrated at not being able to play Just practice Yeah. Is she awake as we tend not to sound check you are so like a part and all that on the bus. Yeah, I mean my hands are still good. I can play pirate to do so David and I you know, I practice my pad work a lot right? Because I can't really do anything else. But yeah, it's it's funny. Yeah, it becomes like a it's almost like it's not autopilot. But you know, what as muscle memory after you've done maybe a couple are a couple of months or two and if you've not changed change the set for a while. You don't think about it. Sometimes the Gans and I'm like that that yeah, did I play any songs there at did I play the right thing? Let me as a what just happened? Yeah, spoke to some theater guys that can be about like that is because they're playing the same show every night on for however long that yeah, they're not allowed to deviate either. I mean that's I've done some theater work in the past and I found that way way more challenging in that way because it has to be as the exact same thing because of dancers and stuff that you can see ya that's all collect 10. You click done. Yeah, we are collect, but there is I mean there is moot like room to move around with eyes a little bit. You know, there's there's certain tracks that we play were there isn't really much on the track. So they're still the collect running but there's a bit of push and pull between the band members, you know, there's quite a lot of the new songs where it's me and Martin and Ian and Lauren plane completely live and you know, they'll be playing bass and guitar and we were in singing and okay was like a small River Rock Band Iran deal and vape, you know, so you can push until the Click a little bit in those ones, you know, yeah, they can a ramp up energy. We that's not all completely tied down, you know, right. So we've been those listed for me to mess around with a drum parts to an extent, you know, you want to get in the way of the songs like, you know, and if there are those who cooks and things like the topper get out those claps and stuff. Yeah. It's almost like a hook. Yeah. Yeah, it was totally feels like the versatility carve down that really yeah. I'm a big fan of the drum hooks. Yeah, they're really good at writing them as well. So that those parts are so funny. Way like, oh they're parse and I've always been a fan of play in programmed Parts Ian. I can't you know, I'm alive Kay. It's because you wouldn't necessarily right apart that way yourself, you know, if you sat down and I band situation as a drummer, you probably come up with the interpret things in a completely different way. But if you're setting programming it on, you know on a drum machine or on a laptop or whatever the possibilities are endless. You don't have to think or how am I going to play this? Yeah. Yeah. It's like just what's own skill and then What happens is when our drummer interprets it is as a challenge for when I you know, I enjoy that he's so like covid I do that. You know, how am I going to get my hands around it? Like that's a bit weird. I wouldn't ever do that you need to set and had to practice a lot of it for a long time. So get comfortable with it because it's a lot of those parts felt quite awkward and I imagine it must be quite difficult Israel if like, especially with your setup because there's so many triggers. Yeah, I wasn't going on like yeah can't really ghost note that kind of stuff because Singing was about exactly like a machine gun coming to well that shit. Yeah, so there's not. Yeah, that's a good point. Actually. I can't really play in a way that I would normally play. Yeah cause of the triggers, you know, and I've tried to set the thresholds on them so that they don't tracker when I'm doing like Ghost Notes, but they still do sometimes you know, it's really it's really hard finding that balance, you know, so I tend just not too so yeah. Yeah and your point back rooms as well. So like obviously you're gonna get loaded as the sick goes on. In any way I would imagine so it must be quite hard to find that balance. Yeah. What was that first to West churches like if you remember it's funny. I don't I don't remember. I remember it being quite quite scary in a way. Mostly because a lot of it was donors are these triggers going to work properly? Like how's it going to react? I feel PA system, you know, we did production rehearsals with that right, you know. To a bit two months of rehearsals, you know, like and a studio in New York. So I knew or saw that playing the stuff it was it was magic, but you just don't know when you put an audience in front of in front of it things feel different. So it was quite scary with that like some well sort of under play shows small on club shows like to kind of get a feel for it and they went really well, you know, and there weren't really any problems with the technical side of things like again, I was fighting with a the thresholds in the triggers quite a while. Lot, but that was it really, you know in the gear so well made movie. I if you're running on TD 50. Mmm. So yeah, that's just, you know years and years decades of engineering gonna do not know, you know, I saw under using it, you know, it's kinda ridiculous that I've got this for, you know, basically because of the trigger output their needs. Yeah, and you know, I'm not using any of the functions. It's all just the samples from the record that the I'm not using any of the process and capabilities or so. I feel quite bad. Don't worry, mr. Rule, but marks it works though, right? Yeah, it's kind of essential that you know, I needed so many efforts. That was the only solution at that point that may have changed. I don't know. Maybe I can look at that for the next I don't think it would change to give you steel dragons know now, I've been tm6 can do 12 models. Yeah, but if you need them to be stereo then hmm, you know, maybe I don't maybe I should get one of them. Yeah, maybe for the look for sure. So if you're playing Parts like that does has it changed the way you think about the drums for that for any kind of music really? So if you were to write music nobody would you think about writing parts from a program programming standpoint or just a drumkit standpoint? And I think I've always thought about drums in that way not always but for a long time when I was growing up, my dad had a lot a lot of kind of keyboards and drum machines and sequins and sequencers like can around the house and I used to practice when I was like 10 or something like that along to his old like R5 drum machine. Well, well looks like you kind of taught me how to program that and I think it I think I've always thought about drumming and I sort of programme way. Right the cause of that. I've always played two Loops of always played two clicks. Yeah. I think that's why the church, you know interpret in the church. He stuck needles are sense to me because although it may feel unnatural at first that the actual thought process behind that for me get in it enter drum kit made complete sense. So it came quite quickly, you know is like label I can do that can do this. Yeah can put this trigger here. That should go there, you know map although in my head and then sort of you know, going to Berkeley for a while and we're my SPD in der rough idea of what I would play but I don't think it's changed how I think it would drums overall because yeah, I think I've always been been a bit that right, you know that way inclined to her to program things because Yeah, I've made a couple of records were up in producer and Kure are as well letting the parts that I've written weren't written on cat, you know, they weren't written as a live band scenario is all done in a studio where I was using like machine and you know building up parts that way, you know, maybe there was a little there's like a 50/50 with me but I'll play the, you know, I'll play a drum part like a machine powder whatever like a drummer. Yeah, then I layered it with stuff like a programmer, right, you know using like no repeating things. In Vegas, maybe the same atom on the cat. I'll sort of think about it like a piano roll or something and logic, you know where yeah. It's sort of see things in like we are two patterns of in Drums are pie, you know, so parents generally repetition. Yeah. Yeah. Did you listen to music that was like that as well. If you come up from late not didn't nails or something or and I did eventually and the music that I listen to when I was really young was there. It was a lot of these music my mom and dad or into and you know, like Miami soon machine and stuff like that where you know, there's a band but it was all quite synthetic and sequence sound in and you know II that all that all stuck with me, but no I didn't get into that stuff until I was maybe about 15 16 the music I got into for she was away sasan dark all the Brett pop stuff. That's what was around when I was at school and I started listening to can I heavier stuff more industrial stuff? Maybe maybe one? 17 onwards but and then I started programming mode things and trying to make music that way, you know messing around with drum machines and wherever you know, even if I wasn't doing it in a band I love playing with stuff like yeah, I've got a stupid collection of sense in the house and I just the love tinkering with things like, you know, it kind of sounds like you are like the perfect person for that job and hopefully I mean like you all the information you had previously the what can knowledge of yeah how to use the program. Alms at those guys may have been used until then go and do the game. Yeah. Yeah, and I think it was lucky that I grew up around that stuff because that you know, that kind of Technology wasn't really prevalent in the you know, mid-nineties Arena, you know, I think it's way more accessible you can download music programs that are free and learn how to do all that stuff. Like I was really lucky to have, you know, my family or in my dad around to show me her to do all that when I was very young and you know, it was never an issue for me when you know hybrid Drummond became Thing it was always a thing to me. Yeah, you know, but I sort of like a wheel cannot actually I totally I am it makes perfect sense because it was always the Ivar's may be the exact opposite. Hey, it was really alien to me like those sounds freaked me out when I'm sorry guy. Yeah, so I because I grew up on that's where I died at 70s rock cool. Where are the drums were very much the drum. I you know, I'd smack hmm, you know, so I mean I was a little bit of it with sort of and that I guess I'm not sure on loves a little better with Alex Van Halen he would do is I think you used Salmons. Yeah for a while. Yeah, so that was a little better. Then but really I didn't really tell but um, I don't like I mean it was probably half and half. I mean my sister grew up wasn't a spice girls and their scope 7. Yeah, that's basically it. That's all really. Yeah, and that's all I Knew music was up until I was leaving and again get involved. Yeah for years was using the guy who played on Space world and all I hesitate was insane. Yeah that kind of side there. Yeah weird-looking rack that it was like it was just for you and he would he would prohibit play beats. And he would program it would be like a weird pattern but even program Checkers to start and stop so that when he moved his foot on a certain part, it stopped a loop and when he moved his foot back it started to Old all sorts of weird. Like really was a big Pioneer. No, it's nothing. It's a whole other level. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but yeah, all that stuff was played on hybrid Drummond. Yeah we back then so you would have had like early triggers know that then yeah. Yeah. I had a few and well the fresh cat ever had Was a Simmons kit? It's really yeah, that's amazing. Yeah, I'm using on my church. He's obviously yeah same one, but I guess again my dad worked in McCormick's music. I show you because you got me was. Oh, yeah. So I've known Paul since I was a wee guys, he sold me my first proper cat and all that. Hey, I he Source these salmon streams from somewhere remember and bring it home and I had this rubber practice care that time so technically that was my first cat but this is the first one that made noise, you know, I mean, he brought home like the snare. Bad need to change the chaplain and all that and it was like watch this and you put the chip in and it goes do instead inch it's just like well, let's go mind believe very much. Is it still like playing a tabletop? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a really thin layer of rubber and on with yeah. Wow, is that how to make? Yeah, it's not a good thing. The the very first version of them was I think even worse they're like totally saw that I had a certain Japan recently like a higher setting. I felt really bad. I don't think they're even made a with it was just like straight on a plastic really load as well. I think the pad soon was louder than an actual kit. It's like someone drumming on a wall. If you tell your rest, I remember you saying that when we did the video actually like yeah, I'm like man these seven pads are great. But really don't like putting them had lots of problems with my elbows and wrists actually anyway after a couple of months. It's using them which was really worrying. You know, like I've never had problems with that stuff because I've always been quite careful with my technique and blah blah blah and posture. But yeah, I had to get like an of elbow brace mate for when I was sleeping like my hair of some elbows were getting messed up and I think my only reason for it was the the sermons Parts only thing that just a bit more play would you not change them out? They look awesome, right? Yeah. I mean I could change them out. Just got used to them, right, you know, and then I just got used to the pain. So wherever you should get cut you should cause you get rolling to make you summon style pads, but with pigs would love it. If they don't like me - and a hexagon, that would be very cool. It would be Rod is it let the backup pads that I've got for the sermons like the little pdas. Yeah, there would be funny swapping them out because they're like that. So yeah, like I probably missed them laterally missing. From their question, but does that did that so looking at all these parts and looking at taking out a tronic for a few and all that kind of stuff did that then inform what kind of drugs you looked at pull in to that? Because you know, you can be quite a big even a little garnish know for a couple years. Mmm. I think for the length of time. I've known you you've always been at your hair H Brands whether it be great short on the dragon. So yeah, you can stay over - was that a rap artist? The session impact like acrylic drums and the sound thing or was it aesthetic for the shore em a mixture of all that I think because I was using tequila sunrise Vesta late with a kills before that. Oh, yes, and that was a big cat, you know wasn't there wasn't a twin. It was a 24 inch cake and it's like 13 16 18. Mmm Tom's so it's only pretty huge. It was all quite open that really suited the music in needed like it was a lot of space and their musics we indeed the the big drum sound but that wouldn't work with churches. And also I wanted I wanted something to so need a lot tighter and controlled, you know, so I went back to look at 22 and she kept killer went with a maple drums. The classic Maples actually went shower work as well. Right just for a little more Punch Yeah, and it really works with a with a triggers because they're the ideas that are front-of-house guy has complete control over the blend right of the acoustic and electronic. Tough because it changes depending on what era of the band that is, you know, I mean, I feel like is the first record the drum the program drums sound a lot like acoustic drums at points. You know, it's like the big fat snares are quite big drum sounds and there is live cat on it as well as the second record is way more like a lot cleaner like the drum samples are a lot and were I don't know more focused and cannot produce the kind of juice. Yeah. And then the third record as a wildlife drums again, so it needs you know, you couldn't just play stuff over the second record with the same Max, you know, if it was like me hammer and a like kick and snare accrued over that can a you know, like care looks like old is that song called again? I can't remember it so I can remember you know, you know what I mean? Yeah. So, how's this sound real? Yeah. Yeah, of course like you know, so I knew it was going to be controlled by our front of house case, right? It's kind of left up to him as like so going to make the cat sound. You know pray focused pretty clean with one extra snare. That sounds like really gnarly and don't you and for the kids early album stuff, right and are you can you can control with you can worry about which parts are more electronic and which ones aren't ya are you happy? But I absolutely so you just hit the boy. Yeah. I mean he's been doing front of house for the band since they started so he knows yeah, you know him they are but they're bouncing my years as well the way I think they should be but it was probably Definitely the way they actually should be just under some guys get really particular about it, you know, like steer sound. Mmm Vibe, you know that kind of thing. Yeah, almost forget another do a job. I'm not so worried about that with with their with churches and just you know, that the sound is so important and add in live drums and of that was quite a big thing for them. I think it was a big thing for their audiences. Well, you know, it's always been the three of them so like a lot of for a lot of their fan base for Maybe a bit like oh no, they've got a drummer. This is going to be terrible. We're gonna ask like, how was that adjustment period because I suppose for them. I just seen like for the longest time they were just a three-piece mind and know they've got a live drums on the stage. Like how did you find that at first like and how did they find have another summer? I'm not sure exactly how they found it. I mean, I hope that they really enjoyed it. I mean that's the vibe I got was that they were loving it. You know, I mean it would it must have been different I had the same thing. The cows they never had a drummer before before me they had four includes it me right let's start but I seem to be the guy that comes along to be like you've never had a drummer before why not. How do I know? I I think for them. I mean it must have felt a lot different. It must have brought a lot more energy the stage certainly. Yeah, and I don't read so not a lot more sorry, but I definitely sort of an advantage, you know, yeah or that that whole the whole show is more of a rock show I think Think even the production like the weights and you know, it looks like an old Queen gig or something like Mark hands and it's not lasers and can a modern it's all quite quite old school looking, you know, yeah in a way it's more of a rock show. So it makes sense. It would feel like that one stage. It was a decent sort of balances. Well when we saw you certainly it looked like it you didn't look at a place man. You look like you belong done as part of the way the production looked it was like very much. It's actually almost Like it was centered around you. Oh cool, you know, I don't know what you think about atom by atom and bolts thinking like - looks perfectly normal. Yeah for the band didn't have a drummer. But yeah, it didn't like because how I initially and perhaps naively thought would be like because of no got a job on a stage with maybe like off to the side of them or like I know it's certain situations, like some teams have done was not even on the stage where I you know, so it was cool to like to see like not only were you on this is what you like in a front and center Cana where the drummer other they've totally embraced that which is Nice, but it feels that does feel like a like a band, you know, and they've they've been really it really went out of their way to make me feel that. I'm in the Band, you know, it's not get the road together. Thank you. We're all Pals as well which helps you know, really good friends. I've been in bands with the two guys previously. Okay, you know what? Oh, it feels so natural, you know when I look to my left and I see Martin and like our this this is the so normal when I see, you know, what else is great and no with Lauren because we've heard so much. It's the same. You know, yeah feel so you don't know Lauren before he joined the band not very well. I mean we knew each other let go he has a gun but and not in the same way. I knew the guys and I've been on my own since I was about 18. All right Ian as well actually so yeah, it was easiest one just like oh, yeah. She said he's just like to in the world. We are roommates and suddenly we're on a bus like Do you think with the short of the blow up if you like hybrid drumming that the role of a drama and pop music's changed, you know or not cheat because I guess that was happening at the East but from the 90s to the early 2000s and then all of a sudden the Advent of all this gear the we drums and looked at like if you look at how these records or something sorry and other artists that's that's doing that the drums are very very different on them know these days, you know, it's not like someone's knocking. You know, it's not that Bond's out as prevalent. Yeah, that's the worry, you know, even things like how Pottermore meet records. You know how much it that is one is sampled It On Track, you know that. Yeah, I think usik in general if any band really to me looks owns everything sounds way more process and produced than it did before, you know, and I don't necessarily think that's a bad thing. So let's just delete this wasn't you know, and I'm sure it will change again, you know things all these things happen in Psycho. Jules yeah, you know when I when I hear like what you know, this is a band a lot of the times I'm like that sounds like a processed pop records and that's fine. That's just I guess it has it's probably has changed the way that the drummer's think about playing and definitely the way people make drums. Yeah. I mean you guys would would know that I mean have you noticed in the last 10 years or so like, you know standard size is changing. Yeah, you know like it's very much one up one down at the way like you shall obey. Nothing bag symbols here. Ya big symbols are a huge dark some. Yeah for piece drum kit. Yes kind of like, where's our but streams. I was talking to someone who thinks that power. Tom's are going to come back. Like I can't remember who I was talking to it. Yeah, I reckon like well, I'll be playing 12 pretends and it's like possible because I mean a lot of the stuff you see, you know is very like, you know Heritage things, you know least the sooner vintage cat so I would work stuffs very cool right now in the great stuff and You know, maybe it's going to go back to like the kanae is still we're gonna have like super long tongs and no bomb head all gonna have some pads against the bands and all that. You know. Yeah, if I was that is funny. I was thinking about that halfway to the church Easter. I was like, maybe I could get like maybe I could do to up one down and get like, you know concert Tom's and stuff and then started thinking like Colin's thought about how much of a nightmare Maybe I'll not see that next record autumns. I'm doing it. She just like so I put it and let you know what that student needs like that's needs a bleep huge performance that can see in this picture the new Newport when he was playing with Russian as like that's massive maintain peace cat with no bomb heads the earlier Johnny. That's where do and what I'm all about it. Totally. I mean that the church is manager was trying to get me to that. He was just like just go all out. Just go I'm Agent Phil Rock and work. Okay, I mean I'm up for it. But yeah, we're going off channels. I wonder if they'll still sounds would date know. Like and five ten years time overlooked it back in that stuff. It was handclaps are super cheesy and treat them like a tall weights are treated. You know, I mean 909 sounds are treated rather like these kind of Heritage a Heritage electronic tones vintage samples, I suppose. Yeah, I mean get Reverb I think a lot of the stuff that's around. No probably won't age well at all, but really yeah thing with the weights in the name, no names as they they weren't very popular at the time, right, you know. They were built as a replacement for drums and people like he don't sound like drums or a that's a joke and people were selling them off for like a hundred quid or whatever and then you know hip-hop guys Gotten Good their hands on them and said something amazing my family. That's why they sound classic, you know like that that will never be an uncool. So don't know it's you know, it's it's as legit and instrument as the kit I think any way or I'll end drummer. I don't know. I thought it's the possibilities of coming up with a sound that's going to be classic. Yeah, that they're much left. Yeah, maybe you're right. I don't know. I hope so. I'm sure there is but him I think it would have to be like and iconic song that does it. Yeah, you know because we don't really have iconic albums anymore do be like. Yeah, you're no one's making a thriller. Yeah or anything, you know, so like I think there would have to be some enormous song that has a really Episode on it that in 10 years time everybody still using yeah, you know, I don't know what I'll be. I mean, there's only so many hand claps hands you can use. Yeah exactly that don't sound like handclaps enemy. Yeah, you know, so who knows it's an interesting debate though. Yeah. I find it fast because you seem to know a lot about it. So it's I would love to be able to predict so that I could make that song but and no I mean I love I do love experiment without but worked in to do is go back to the classic examples and out. I wait to try meet my son drums saying like that point she knows a lot of guys doing that. You know, it's not a it's not a New Concept by any means not okay, so it might actually I know like the way he changes there and you know, it seems so it's quite an electronic. Yeah, as long as it tastes in that yeah, it's funny one because I've read at the beetle. So people talking about that. You can you can go and add any Drum store in the world now and make your cat sound wildly different in that becomes your thing. Hmm, you know, you just buy the right symbols or you buy the right pads or the right heads and tune your drums a certain way. And yeah, so you have a new sound if you like. Yeah. So I mean, that's the year the film all know. Yeah, like when you've got so many things you can add to your cat like big fat snare drums and you know, you know star symbol stacks and is there a way it's and you know, That's so very happy right now. But you know, maybe that wouldn't be in ten years. It was that sound it will never be changed, you know? Yeah like with music by yeah somehow. Mmm-hmm. So as you're set up with touch has changed much since we last saw you that is exactly the same things out of them not change that up, you know, I'll change it at some point but probably not until the next cycle, you know, and we've got some shows coming up where he'll see and America. AA pull the summer so I'll be the same the same setup for me. I'm not going to change anything. It's just easy on it. Yeah, it's just if you special if you're still playing the same or a similar set list. Yeah, I mean it takes so long ago that stuff tweak that you don't want to be like rocking the boat, but that up it's a weird turn up on day one was like guys like Jake that's it. Twin educational. Yeah, I would love to I wouldn't be no people wouldn't like that. No. Hope account how much hurt because I don't really I don't really know much of the music, but how different I guess it to The Kilt. It's very different for me from the point of view that had with the kills. I was controlling all the able and stuff and was essentially the table and Tech right as well as a drummer. So I had that on my shoulders because we the yeah The Keg felt a little more tense with the kills and and that respect if something went wrong with your laptop, that's my fault. No, I had a bit of a nightmare and this time they're not to be my fault. It was nothing to do with evil and we open for Guns N Roses and which Insane. Yeah, some normal football stadium and London London Stadium I think is imagine if we need but also, you know, I was shamed myself obviously, you know Guns N Roses Source like 60,000 people out there that point and like oh my God, but that the Run we run the intro track and usually I hear the collects or know, it's there. There's no click and I was just like guys know we can't go on. There's no collectors no quick. Holy shit didn't rule. It just kept going and kept going. good, and I'm like not here and I'm not hearing it and they're like Yeah, you have to go and go and go out there and check so I had to go on stage because the Rex next the mudroom I had to walk on stage in front of 60,000 people. That's a vote on a laptop. It was like one of the I'm actually getting like the fear no real ever. No. I'm not sure I make my mouth school and re thinking about it. It was like one of those dreams where you don't have any trousers on or whatever. Yeah, you know and I'm sure anxiety dream and I had to set I'm sweating I'm sweating and I'm like Look at this laptop and there's all these guns and Rosie's phones good mood. Nothing magic and it turned out the are the monitors hadn't been patched properly and it wasn't my fault at all. So it's like Skies. Thanks for that. That's why ET only one remember a couple weeks ago. I'll be seen sometimes I like to set and just imagine like the war scenarios and glad I'm not in that situation. That's an example is that I'm actually honestly that's got some really bad. They're bad vibes back. I know I'd be really uncomfortable conversation from here on out. But yeah, so, you know nightmare scenario obviously, but that would never happen with churches because that's not my hmm. You're there to build the drummer. Yeah. And so I'm also an advocate of Hardware not software on a stage. I that's just one of the another one of the reasons why you know, if it's on if it's on an spd-sx, you can just plug into the headphone. Orkut and an emergency to Leroy few years and it's just what cool I kind of know what's going on here, you know, but that's how I was running stuff with my band before I did kills and during that you know was all through SP is BD all the tracks were in there and it was bomb-proof as bomb-proof, but you can letter the lake the Marshall amps of the of the electronic world. You can literally throw him down the stairs. There's still work great there. Yeah indispensable. I love them and but we needed more outputs. So we need the laptop and I've seen laptops take Dives as well murders just like yeah. Yeah, we had them Keith Carlock and Clinic a few years ago at the drum Sean. He was he's got this thing where I don't if you see me play because left foot bonuses and his laptop was on a stand next to him and it took a dive and well on the track, and he doesn't have an SSD. So it was just and he's and from there on and you can see Had his attention. Mmm. He was like all I could think about was his laptops Goose, you know, yeah. Yeah, it's not good to have that when you're on your head when you're just trying to play a show. Yeah. I mean the cows is more of a straight-up Rock. She was well, you know, it's guitar bass drums and there is track because you know, so programmed care all that stuff still there. The church is stuffs way more involved, you know, there's a lot more parts going to know what's going on. Long, I don't know don't know if there's much of a difference vaporize on stage, you know, like a nerd. They're both like really energetic. Yeah, uh in different ways, you know, like Alison gets gonna possessed when she's when she's onstage, you know, she turns out a different person and it's like as quite infectious, you know, I think I played a lot of different writer cows because I just I kind of bounced down at their phones their energy of me and I bounced off them. So it was a bit more like Pharaoh with my drumming or what a lot more theatrical thing. Like stupid bleep like arms, but it's fun. Really really fun one symbol and all that part. Yeah. Yeah. It was a minimal minimal say I really love that those big length. Definitely. Yeah. Wake up a restraint. Yeah, it's fun. Yeah, I guess they want to do things things that we you know and see what happened what you do in your downtime and building a studio Aku yeah, great. They would just love nicely started doing it. Right I moved in last week, so I'm knocking down walls in the house at the moment. Um, but yeah, I'm going to build a build a studio more of a drum room, but right somewhere that sounds really good that I can track drums teacher Burt. Welcome. Okay, but more importantly just practice like I was saying earlier, I don't get to practice on the road. I was previously living in a flat so I can practice it there in you know, we were told me that last night. We were actually practicing stuff these days I yeah and it's like I've got all this time. Yeah, just want to play drums. I want to take advantage over. I want to learn new things or learn relearn all things. Just get back up to up to a certain standard drop waist, you know just for my own satisfaction, of course. Yeah, of course, that's what it's all about risk. And then this time she hadn't never getting what I want and what I need. Never know what I want. I know what I need. Like does it make you feel like weird? Yeah. Well, we will talk something missing I will talk about as far as they and the shot just before we finished and stuff. I could play like two years ago. She's gone. Yeah, it's amazing how quickly that happens. It just like wish it like trying to play a part of the through triplets or yeah. That was my only all of a sudden this is like I have to play this at half the speed because my brain just can't catch up. You know, it's Crazy and it's Bonkers where I had my first gig on Saturday since like in the January or something and like that was so I was like what only like series of course on yeah, and it's like whoa, like I felt so Rusty. Yes, so weird how you like it a little bit actually. Yeah. It was like a wedding cake and I was just like by the end of it just as a lord or a human. Yeah. That's that's like an endurance test it away then you know, yeah, I don't know if I could do that anymore purely from fatness. Perfect. Remember this the after the Christmas break trying to work the mixer here. Oh, yeah, like how dumb you are a channel again late, like add between Solo or front of house like getting shot wrong. Like this was just in my brain just and my hands are used to just be able to do this not think about it. No, it's like you kind of get like that between tours was churches so that if you're off for like the rose for a few months and then go back to it and it's the same set. You kind of feel you but like oh, hello there. Yeah. Occasionally, there's certain songs that are maybe forget like this second and I'll hit the wrong there. It's just no one else is gonna know his family. See you next time. We'll see you not happens. Oh my God. I know so we'll see what happens in May when we get back together for this all-seater how long's it's here and it's about a month, I think. Okay, and can I special guests around America? Yeah, I can read knows. It'll be fun. Yeah, I'll talk to General Ross McFarland and I don't know him but you know, I know he is he played for Texas for a year and seeing things like You know, you have two cups of coffee and all of a sudden the song feels like half the speed it should but it's on the clanking the metronome doesn't lie. Like that must be really weird and 8:00 tonight. Yeah, I get that if I have too much tequila plantain have maybe one out of three like this song like, you know, one day it feels like half the speed one. They are feels like twice as Peter little what you had for breakfast or something Bonkers man. Yeah. Just messed with your head. That's true. Yeah, it can depend on how tired you are. Whoo, what? You've been up to the night before certainly can make feel really fast. Yeah, everything may feel really loud as hell just really scary. So one of my favorite memories actually from senior that you and that gagging guys go just like all four of you as a bottle of vodka pass. Yes did the boy out of Glasgow? It's fun. Lauren hadn't done it before Hachi. No. No, she's really come on dear old man. Yeah. She was like she just the ones that stage. No, absolutely. It was great to see you because I hadn't really seen the band before that. But like you see footage. We are you just basically can watch her grow over the course of it, you know, just near yeah chips and him and all that, you know, just having a laugh with like 40,000 guys. I'm just totally went because we did that after the Monday after we saw the show we were just watching some of the early church his life stuff and it was like, wow, she looks kind of like and the first ones and actually like there's one they played again in the Electric Circus. Hmm of all places, and it's She looks like a deer in headlights in front of Sara people. Should I'm sure she was terrified. Of course, he's been really difficult because a lot of a lot of expectation and abandon. She was carrying as the front person. Yeah, I don't envy things like that because he's a drummer as well. I should really well and she's really good. She would sue didn't say that. She's obviously I'm sure you terrible. I've heard her I felt the roads demos. Okay is really good. So, you know, she went from being a drummer keyboard player that I've been like You're the front front person of the Spanish. Yeah. There you go. No pressure. E I thought about break the Indian and a front of her Sky ago went to Disneyland and with the galaxies Edge as good as it seems we went to the rebar the weekend Tina we're in there twice because we didn't realize they don't sell booze. It doesn't he went there all that region about that. Yeah. So we go straight to galaxies are so the Star Wars thing. We're licked all notably. Oh my God this Hook it yeah and went to the bar and this would go a little droids DJ in and all that and like Stormtroopers coming and giving it like what you up to I need my message is a huge like Disney I would say it does neat freak and she would talk to people. So we went to Florida last year feel like there's nothing that it was like the we left the months before Galaxy's Edge opened and I'm like a huge star working. No, but as like that is properly no booze and like they're still have like a Star Wars area and that is like so I'm Trippers kind of boat kind of like that like we did. Yeah, obviously not it's got pieces that break every time hughie. I mean, I grew up to a stormtrooper after after a few Galactic cocktails like he's our picture on me. That's a really good way to get your data pad wiped. This is crap. No, I think this like when people get up to upset about Star Wars we are we will have the big debates on here because we all love it. Mmm, but I thought was a great conclusion. I thought so too really well made. I just really enjoyed the movie. I just sat in let it happen is that that I genuinely love that. Yeah, amazing cameos unexpected cameos, you know. Yeah that really cool Kevin are we but I mean it's been people that you know, I mean the people like you talk to John he's ruined Star Wars Star Wars. You've come off social media. Hey, yeah, and the nudity is not I'm going to bring it up is because there's so many people know that do things like get gags. Mmm via that yeah as it quite refreshing to just leave it alone. I feel great, right? Yeah. I mean, I'm going to go back to I feel like you kind of need it these days but it was starting to just really bother me. As you know starting to affect my head. I think, you know, it's just there's too much information. You know, it's just pointless you're certain they're scrolling. Through endless pictures and shape. Yeah, you're not even engagement. I know I did I was there was a kind of taken over my life. And I really I didn't enjoy so I just stopped using it not like the lead accounts or anything, but I just can't the reason that because real I'm going with us as I wonder if there's a thing with like you could maybe shed some light on things like endorsements. Mmm and as there are certain not contract but expectation if you flogging the gear if you like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure there is Em and you know, I don't have a problem with that and I think when you apply for an endorsement, if you have like 50,000 followers or whatever and Instagram that probably helps, you know, the most of the application forms I've ever felt in the past 20 years and been denied or whether it's like how many mice peaceful or the yeah. Yeah, you know that's that's the Gonna Kiss consideration for very good reason, you know, yeah totally but you know, like I'll always post about the drums in the gear that I'm using because I love it. It you know, and that's what I'm interested in is exciting to me. Yeah, it doesn't feel like a like a like something I'm obliged to do, you know, I'll do it anyway because I love the stuff. Yeah. I'm quite happy to do that. But I also that I've don't have that many followers and on social media because I don't really keep up to date in a way that a lot of people do and yeah, you know, I think the pressure at do that kind of annoyed me. So I was like just stack it. Yeah, see what happened. I'll go back to you know, yeah. But you got something to say I guess yeah, that's I just feel like I'd be putting up pictures of Me Knocking didn't walls. It just turned an Ikat Ikat content thing, which is cool for if you like cats, but if you're following me because I'm a drummer. That's probably quite annoying. So I figured I would just go dark for a while. Yeah, maybe a wise idea. I just you know, you see all the time, you know, we have to because it's so prevalent to our job. You know, I must add imagine the band have someone who does it for them? Oh with the three of them. Yeah, I think the main account is is run by probably run by someone else. I don't really know. Yeah, but she's like the there are there are jobs for this thing though. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, they'll be people at the label that deal band social media and things like that. Yeah, imagine two mechanics behind and it's pretty crazy because on the complete polar opposite side of that. We've also spoke to people who like they got a gag through it. Do not mean through social media. They got ya the other know, you know, so, it's quite interesting to hear that side of it yeah you're just late no no thank you maybe if I worked at it from the other side that would be completely different I just never that's not how I got into it you know I got into what I'm doing through a kind of old-school way and you know I was just playing a lot in Glasgow and managed to pick up some pretty cool tours through people that I knew and then it's going to work the most and then this guy is like only the drummer Les personnes like oh you know it's read that way and that's so I've always got gigs so I never really paid much attention to this social media thing as much as I as I would have if I was younger I think yeah maybe that's like like 38 NOS yeah you're the same it just needs so we cannot without exactly when but and affording it been this massive deal yeah there wasn't even a mobile phones you know I remember the days I would walk miles to the phone box I actually genuinely know a guy who who genuine The Bookies gags with 10 PCS manager app I got sentences on a phone box. That's us. Wow. Hey is you don't he's fast. He's known he would just stand in a phone box all night ringing pubs. That's so cool. Just a baguette in peace. Love it, you know the alien one random people I School spend an hour on my phone box. And yeah Cache mode or something, you know minstrels were write songs of him. I think they have written songs of editi. Yeah, I think You're right, man. Just not not being around it, you know because it's a very weird thing for me to post a bit drums. I just like I don't get why anybody would want to see practice of my dinner. Yeah, you know, I mean, I am influencer what we are not going to eat what you do, you know what I mean? Yeah. Honestly, you can have influencer culture thing. I just faint horrible, you know this disgusting. It's shallow and there. Yes. Yeah. I'm sorry. I feel sort of allergic to The Graham in that way. Yeah, I think it's gross. Yeah, it's very very strange. Yeah, I'm about to have a baby. So it's going to be totally normal for my kids but a time it's 15 years old really? Imagine what? Yeah, it's just it's just a little chip in your brain and you just instantly uploaded possibly. It's no proper black metal part. Yeah. I mean, it really wasn't that long ago that we didn't have mobile for this. I remember when my mate got the internet shouldn't be here. It's about what I didn't use the internet. Nobody could use the house phone because you were on dial-up. So like your husband's been engaged all night. That's because we're like trying to download a picture of some you know, it's taking some others something something. Yeah fascinating chat. Yeah you anymore. I think I'm good. Yeah, I'm good. What's next cool? What is next and apart from Domino's or boldness to do apart from the studio thing? Hopefully lots of practice. Holy tour. Yeah, that's right. Are you doing any music outside the church is that you want to talk about? Not at the moment. Mmm. I've not been writing anything. I mean, I had a few tracks on the latest Ladytron record and corporate just that that was a last year I think so. I was meant to be doing a few shows for them right on 7th, but are the Geeks get rescheduled so I'm not doing them any more that was meant to be This month, but now I'm just going to take it easy. I'm trying to enjoy life, you know catch up with things and yeah, they'll be a new churches record. Hopefully some point this year that will get into and those little get me on them. Give me on the record right guys. Thank you so much for coming on. I feel like I've not seen anyone yeah that's all hermit I thanks for getting me this definitely you're one of these people like if we've not seen you post anything on so she was like obviously cause you went dark it's like - been six months of our Journeys did you know we're just like have our random just like five seconds of laser-guided so it's a McDonald's on pretty good no thank you man appreciate it very much and although catch up with you soon I I know they awesome bro cheers man to your choice