You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work.On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in this crazy industry and what keeps them coming back? I love the conversations I have and my hope is that you'll love them too. So squeeze in this plenty of room cuddle. Of my Bill Murray cushions and let's have a chat on the color couch. Welcome to the color catch. This is Vincent tailor your host. I've got my buddy Tyler Robinson here. He is a color cyst NBC and he's painfully aware of my podcast recordings, but he's let me in on a little secret go on tell me tell me about the warm up. So there's one way up I used to do in my choir it is okay, but pretty much goes like this. You got you say the lips the teeth the tip of the tongue. On the lips the teeth the tip of the tongue the lips the teeth the tip of the tongue the lips the teeth the tip of the tongue and Nancy it enunciate articulate articulate exaggerate exaggerate and then you say it faster and faster. So the lips the teeth the tip of the tongue the lips the teeth the tip of the tongue enunciate articulate exaggerated and then you just like say it faster and faster and though so when you did it yesterday and I cracked up and that's a really great way to start the podcast but Does it actually do it just warms up your vocal cords, and it warms up your vocal cords at your articulation and it just gets you like talking very succinctly the lips the teeth the tip of the tank and enunciate enunciate articulate exaggerate the lips the teeth the tip of the tongue enunciate exaggerated enunciate articulate exaggerate. All right. Well, we're gonna have a chat Tyler in a little while. I definitely want to do an episode with him and talk with him about It is to be an assistant and his Pathway to color grading and why he's interested in that but I'm going to put Tyler On Ice come back to thank you for helping me with my Annunciation. No problem. And that's a yeah, though. So hopefully now I'm all warmed up and you'll be ready for my next guest. So welcome to the color couch a sitting on the color couch with me today is my very special guest Allenby be I am your host Vincent Taylor and if I'm really good I'll edit this together and it's going to sound amazing. But Alan just ask me what the show is all about. So normally normally have any gum one episode. So in the previous episode, I did a little Spiel beforehand about what color couch is about but Alan has very kindly Ask me what is about which is a brilliant set upright life of service. I live to serve. Yeah, I should pay you for that. No, great. Everyone can't so even though it's called the color couch. And even though it takes place in a color grading sweet. And even though I'm a colorist the podcast is not necessarily about color. It's about what brings people to the color couch and what their connection is with this industry or with this room or with myself. And I mean the last podcast that I did I don't believe we mentioned color ones. You know, we just talked about what got the guys to where they are now, so a little bit of backstory, so I met Alan when I was working as a colorist in Shanghai and Allen came over to do a car commercial and we wore pajamas in the color grading sweet, but we'll get back to that later. First off just to kind of introduce you what's your background? And what is your job? I I'm a director mainly commercials music videos shorts. Everything is very short form. Its I'm not saying it won't be but I kind of exist in a world where it's a poem rather than a novel and that's something that I love. I love that that world where everything has to be communicated within 30 seconds or within four minutes. And it's always been something that fascinated me because I come from a design background fine arts background rather than a filmmaking background. So for me the idea that you have this very very short window of time to communicate with people and to try and communicate ideas stories narratives Concepts is much more in the world of like what I'm used to in terms of late of print design or was still image. So that's kind of the word that I exist. I A lot of the work that I do is, you know revolves around my Fascinations and interests really believe that to do something. Well you have to love it. So I do a lot of car work because I'm a huge Gearhead. I do a lot of kind of fashion and Tech because those those are my obsessions and you know, that's so that that idea that we have this kind of the sandbox to play in and I'm incredibly fortunate that people will actually not only pay me to do it but also pay the money to actually produce. Reduce all of these things. It's something that I feel very very lucky and grateful for that. So I exist in its and that sort of sphere that's sort of world where it kind of sits in the kind of the advertising sphere or the kind of the cross between advertising and technology and music and and that to me is just very very fertile ground. So you mentioned a design background so we have certainly one thing in common and that is our where we were Not so but tell me about where you from originally and then and then you went to design school or how did you get into this? Yeah, I I grew up in New Zealand like a tiara to first generation immigrants. My mother was from South Africa my dad and glitch they met in South Africa. I didn't want to raise kids there because obviously, you know apartheid it was it was a pretty dark period there and they moved sight unseen to New Zealand and I was raised in a really beautiful kind of because Alec Oceanic life and I never really knew what I wanted to do. I knew that both my parents like although they were both like scientists and academics. They were both intensely creative humans. And so I never really knew what I wanted to do. I was like fascinated by I was a big reader. I was fascinated by Art. I was but you know, like I kind of like studied physics and economics and just this really kind of scattershot sort of thing and when it was time to go to Visiting my parents had a very open-minded attitude towards it where they were like, you know, we don't care what you study but you have to study something you have to go to university and study something. So I was like, I don't know. Okay, I don't know like what's interesting and my best friend at the time was going to design school Victoria University. My alma mater had just started like a four-year design program that was focused more on kind of theory and the academic aspects of design rather than it being. Being a trade which I think is Howard of being perceived before that. So I was like, okay. Well, I'll try and get an I had a portfolio that I'd done on a trip with my parents where it was just like it was literally just drawings of various kinds of artifacts from like the Vancouver Museum and some drawings from Italy and light and somehow managed to get into art school. How old were you then I would have been I would have been 16 so my parents The grew up in South Africa, but you know, she hated her parents were German they'd like fled Germany during the war and so she'd had a very European upbringing and when she saw me at like age 15, like losing interest in in art and she was like really Disturbed. She was like, you know why you've always been fascinated by this and now you don't want to do it anymore. You don't want to go to class. You don't want to do anything and she she's like, you know, show me the work that you're doing. I showed her. I remember this very clearly. It was because in New Zealand's an incredible place. Face it is about as far as you can get from anywhere else in the world as well. So we were studying Botticelli and I was some like yeah, we're studying Botticelli's Venus and it's like a black and white photo copy 4 inches across and I'm like, I don't know why this is interesting. She looked at she's like, I absolutely get it. So, you know, she put us on a plane and we went through Europe and saw all of The Originals of these these pieces that I'd been studying but like had no interest I like and I remember just going to the Louvre and light and just being like just so blown away. And right now I get it. So I had all of these drawings that I've done over that trip which was you know, this kind of reconnection look like why these are such amazing pieces of Art and human endeavor. And so that somehow got me into art school. And I think I was like the out of the entire crop because it was like, you know a large I think it was like like 300 people going for 50 place. Has or something and I was like number 50. They've got packed like I just scraped in and so I did that and then cross created the debt with all of my university courses because I was going for a BA in psychology. So there's cross creating these design courses and photography courses with with psyche and statistics and Middle English literature and that sort of thing. So it was a real just this weird scattershot education that I kind of put together myself just because I was like, okay. Well this seems interesting. That seems interesting and weirdly enough. It's it rather than the typography courses or the photography courses. It's been those weird other ones like the middle in English literature. The stats courses the algebra courses which have actually, you know, really if I look back helped me and kind of like steered me and giving me the tools to actually do the only how and this is not a set of question because I totally get that about when you mentioned algebra, but how Mathematics how does mathematics inform you as an artist? Well, I was as I was getting to my kind of like thesis project like to my fourth year of school. I became really obsessed with people like John Maeda like MIT media labs and his thinking because you know at the time I was I was very much under semiotics. I was very much into you know, deconstructionist that sort of thing that at the time and the kind of like the design will in the art World. There was this real push towards you Using literary Theory as a basis for the creation of art and culture so, you know things like David Carson ray gun magazine. He was looking at at kind of like the deconstructionist such as a tomato, you know, like all of those because again The Crossover with music was like album covers that got me into wanting to make art and like wanting to make music videos that sort of thing and right and so I started getting into kind of like people like John Maeda and their whole thing was like look if Using a tool your what you're going to create is always going to be based around the tool. If you're going to be using Photoshop you're going to be creating work that the designers of Photoshop and the writers of Photoshop thought that you should be able to do the things that are easy or the things that are possible I things that they thought that you should do. So you're really only you're following their program. You're not following your program so made I was a big fan of kind of like creating your own tools. So, you know, he would so and how do you do that? If you're working in a digital medium, which I mean everyone does to some extent these days is you create your own tools and you write your own tools. So I taught myself how to code. I was using the software at the time. It was like they had to learn like JavaScript I had to learn Java I had to learn macromedia director was one of the pieces of software and all of the algebra and all of the stats was like how I could actually do things like write like a rudimentary 3D engine to kind of like actually make My own art, so I got very much under there vrml which was kind of like an early VR kind of 3D coding language delay actually kind of start to build your own worlds, which like now seems very obvious like, you know, we have like unity and unreal and that sort of real-time engine. But at the time it was like incredibly, you know, like forward-thinking so, you know, that's that's kind of what I got like really internally obsessed by and when I left school, that's all I wanted to do. This one is kind of like lock myself in the dark room and make these weird kind of code based algorithmic based pieces of Art and swiftly realized that even that alongside a dishwasher job wasn't going to be able to feed me. So I started having to look outside of that and you know, re-entering the kind of like Commercial Business world the you know, that was you know, what that all of those other kind of like weird classes and kind of like viewpoints and various teachers and mentors. As they gave me was the ability to kind of realize that I didn't have to follow the strict path and like it wasn't about kind of okay, you come out of here and you're going to you're going to become a photographer because you did the photography stream. You're going to become a graphic designer. You're going to go and work in an ad agency. I was like, I don't know. I mean seems like there's a lot of other really interesting things that I could actually kind of all feed into making my own work. It's interesting. I did the last week or so for having the back to New Zealand for So many years but I started to go down a bit of a memory lane. And and whenever I think about I grew up in Auckland and whenever I think about New Zealand, I go straight to my memories of going through that beautiful Museum and and the gallery there and and paintings that I don't know that I was just drawn to and they're so they're so clear in my brain for you. I mean, it sounds like your mom and your dad they really supported you and encouraged you, but do you have those things that you just when you think Look back to growing up there that are very clear. Oh touch touch sense. Oh, yeah, you mean specifically in the kind of like in terms of like art and inspiration and that sort of thing. Yeah. I mean it's like, you know, both of my parents again that were like, you know, like hard core academics scientists my mother, you know trained as a low-temperature physicist. She was working as like at the kind of birth place of digital Computing when they were trying to get room-temperature superconductors to increase the speed of the my father was a nuclear physicist. but they were both if that had grown up in different times for different opportunities, you know, they're both they're both incredible artists like in their kind of like later life like they both paint they both have, you know, like just incredible I and that's become their focus at later on my father moved from Hardcore science to science management to science politics to ending up the vice-chancellor of the University that I went to after I was there and the Heat of the design school which I found fascinating because I was Like, you know rather than it being something where it's I think generally you kind of like follow your parents footsteps. I'm actually following mine. But I I mean they were always, you know, like art and music was a huge part of my childhood and you don't we were very lucky like Wellington is a tiny little city. It's the capital but I mean Auckland is really two capitals that one and a half million people which is still only about four city blocks and New York, but Wellington has always been just such an incredible Cultural Center like both from Music to Art to everything from plays to just just culture in general and especially at the time it was incredibly fertile at tiny like 400,000 people and but the Museum's were always great. They are, you know, the galleries were always amazing. I remember my parents taking me to see I think it was a good Boosie a like exhibition and I didn't believe that the buildings were real like I thought it was all kind of concept. Are those real buildings? It's like yeah, they are and that blowing me away. I remembered that the classic going and seeing like a abstract impressionist exhibition. And I don't think that's art I could do that and it's like my mom just being like, well you didn't you know, yeah you think of something and do that then yeah, it might only be like four lines, but they're the right four lines and therefore lines that evokes emotion and invokes thought it's such a rush than the number of times, you know, and I'm deaf. Guilty of it that and not as a young man, but even as an older guy going to a gallery seeing something going. Yeah, you know, that's so simple, but I didn't do it. Well, I mean that doesn't like it's an interesting thing again when you kind of like as you as you get older and you kind of like you get a chance to interrogate your process and you know, you realize that I've always been again. My process is always been kind of rooted in that kind of design mentality where which is very empowering coil where it's you know, it's like the empirical method is like, you know yesterday. Be intuitive jumps but it's like a bulldozer like a might get there. It's going to get there in the end. You tried this. It doesn't work. You try this. It doesn't work. Try this. It doesn't work, you know you and it's all of those realizing what doesn't work that gets you to the thing that does so, you know what you might end up doing might only take you 30 minutes, but it might have taken you three months to find out that right 30 months and as I've got older I've learned to respect that and my process that it doesn't matter that the end result was only 30 minutes of work like it took you. A hundred hours to find what that 30 minutes was and that was and That's essential. So just to kind of allow yourself to to make those mistakes too kind of to figure out what it doesn't need to be and also like realizing what that process is in terms of collaboration because I mean, that's again it's if I go back to when I left University and I didn't you know, my what I saw as my process was a very solitary one and then realizing what I love about what I I do now is that it's intensely collaborative and intensely social it's all of these amazing people with their amazing different abilities and experiences that are kind of we're all going to go together and move together and end up with a result that's bigger than each one of us, but realizing what other people's processes as well and how mine can tie into there's even when trying to know you're if you're asking someone to take it too far, so, you know that it's too far and dial it back which I was thought was kind of a failing or when someone is asking you to do that. Like can you do that you like? Well, it's going to be too much. But I think what this is good by realizing that we have to try just to know that that is too far and come back. I mean I did that even in a simple terms and color grading is doing some teaching a couple weeks ago for some kids and Chun with color and I was saying, okay, let's put some more green in that and and that's either more just edging it in I said no no put heaps in. Yeah put a person and then come back. You know, let's go go too far and then kind of his finding limits. Yeah that I mean, we always joke about that. I'll split the difference that you have just like the you know, the most basic cliche kind of comment that you get from a director or an agency Creator, but whatever like you know, okay, it's this now it says can we just go right to the metal and it's just like, you know, it's like why are you saying that basic things but there's a truth in that in terms of like okay. I asked you to push it here just so I know that it's too far like that's where we don't want to go. Okay, let's dial it back again. I love I get I get clients who are conscious that that phrase is very very common. And so I get all these very creative ways of them saying it without saying it out saying everything lately. It's like you need to put up like a like a sweet Bingo on the wall. You're sort of those kind of sort of things like just have fun with it. Just have fun with it the difference, you know crush the blacks. All right. So you you've gone from design school you've gone into a place of directing now was that still in New Zealand or did you know, I mean, it's it's one of those weird things that I was Talking about the sits at semi-permanent design conference a few years back where if you look back, you know hindsight's 20/20 and you look back and it seems like everything made total sense at you know, in terms of like your progression that got you where it feels like a straight shot and you know, but like it absolutely wasn't like I made what would quite conclusively the wrong decision at every Point like and at every point like I made the decision to do something and I found personally interesting. Rather than something that was a good career move, whether that was financially or terms of establishing myself or anything like that. So I made this kind of serpentine kind of path through all of these different fields. I mean, I've worked and worked as a graphic designer as a as a web designer as a writer as a script writer as an agency creative as as a photographer as a music video director as a commercial director and Wasn't finding that kind of that sort of path. Like each one of these things have doing each one of these things has informed me and added to what I do now in various ways, but at the time it was like, you know, I would see other friends of mine who knew exactly what they wanted to do and we're just like laser focused on getting to that point. I'm like, I don't know, you know, I'm doing this. This is feeding certain parts of my mind. And do you think talk about 20/20 vision? Or looking back do you think of those friends were laser focused or were they doing a similar thing where they were? Well, I mean some of them some of them. Yes, they knew exactly what they wanted to do. And I've always liked really respected that that's not me but it's like, you know, they knew exactly what they wanted to do and then we're going for it and a lot of them have been incredibly successful. That's that's what then put the time into that's where they put their hundred thousand hours into and and others have kind of achieved that goal and then realize that they didn't actually want their goal as well because it was something a That they made when they were quite young but I mean, I've also like my peer group, especially, you know, I'm talking about New Zealand in about Wellington about how fertile it was. Like, I don't know whether there was something in the water. But if I look at my my year and at at school and that sort of thing and like the people that have come out of that it's an incredible crop of people. I mean like you have like Tycho just won an Oscar for a JoJo rabbit you have Britain to remain have done incredibly well as Flight of the Conchords. You've got Toby burrow. Ah to created Love & Hip Hop like the one of the biggest franchises in American television. You have a color vendor. Oh who's laid developed this, you know his own proprietary technology and Lighting systems. It's like it's an amazing group and year and couple of years of people but a lot of those guys like like some of them knew exactly what they wanted to do and some of them kind of like thought that they really wanted this and then realize that in fact they wanted this and but you know, everyone everyone has their own route and They run kind of way to get to where where they're happy and you know, some people need more experimentation. I mean for me it was definitely like these aspects of doing that but I don't like the very kind of solitary aspect. There's not there's not that kind of mystery and Synergy that comes from working with other people. I like doing this but I want more control, you know, it's very it's very much a kind of a, you know, a path of kind of a journey of exploration. But again, you look back and you're like, I love everything makes sense. But at the time it was it's at the time it's very much like I don't know but I'm going to try this because it fascinates me. So as far as that that that route that you took so here you are now in New York city. So how long have you been here? I've lived here almost 20 years. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. So this is home. This is home. I mean, it's like half my life. I've like this is where I'm raising my son. This is it's not so many that I either I'd been to New York before and before I moved here for good. I moved here in 99, and I've been here before and it just didn't With me and you know, I moved here with a girlfriend and the you know, I'd come out of a long distance relationship. I didn't want another one. I'd move back from Europe to New Zealand and she moved to New York because you know, she got a scholarship to Columbia and I was like fine. I'll move here. It's difficult. I got to get a Visa. I don't wanna live in New York and you know that relationship didn't last very long. But by that point had fallen in love with the city and fallen in love with New York and the city's gone through so many changes, but this it still has a magic That I still love I still I still fall in love with a city everyday but the opportunities that it gives you is incredible because it's because it is difficult to live here. It's like it's it smells in the summer and it's cold in the winter and it's incredibly expensive and you know, it'll crush your dreams on the regular but everyone who lives here wants to live here. It's difficult to live here. So you're surrounded by people who are driven and exceptional and interested in life and focused on that and that is Just Priceless. I mean, that's what that's what I love is. I love the people. I know I love the people that I randomly meet. That's like you can randomly meet someone in a restaurant or a bar and they're fascinating and that's something I don't think you get many other places in the world. What have you been working on recently? I just I've just come out of a like a six-month burn of commercials and campaigns which has been amazing and very intense. So I went from doing a concept film for Lexus to campaign for for shit and you can pamper Chevy to working for Goodyear tires to working with Paula Abdul to just just back to back and so now, you know with all of that which like again as work that I'm very proud of but is very much in the kind of commercial filmmaking sphere, you know now taking a minute to kind of get my feet on the ground again. Like I haven't been in New York for six months. So connect with my life here again, but also, you know just do some projects that are more just passion based. I'm doing a music video for young rapper next week, which I just really liked his music. It's just like he's you know, this really interesting young kid from Hell's Kitchen and the music's great. You know, he's like, he's an amazing poet and you know just doing something with that because being able to say okay, you know, like we can take all of our skills and experience and contacts and Do something which is going to be really amazing and interesting with very little money so that I've got a couple of other projects on the board which have you know a more cause based which I think is also really important balancing the commercial work with something that you feel is important that in this case sustainability and the environment and thinking about how we can use our skill sets and our contacts Etc lecture actually do something to raise awareness for things that are incredibly important. Hmm when you when you come into a project and I would imagine that this would vary wildly, but maybe it doesn't where do you start? It really depends you write it varies very very differently. I mean because I get brought into projects at very very different points. But again, like my my experience is really wide ranging. Like I've worked as an agency created by worked as a writer. I worked as a as a concept artist. I worked as a graphic designer. I've worked as a director, so When I'm brought in it really it can really vary that what the ask is like. It might be something where it's a very, you know traditional, you know, like okay, we've hit this we've worked on the script. We've sold it through here's that agency boards. We want you to bring your vision and your twist to it, but just go and shoot this and it's like, okay like I can slide in at that point or it could be something where it's like, we don't really have a concept. It we have a problem. Can you help us solve this problem and the end result might be something that might be a film that might be a suggestion as to like how they change their their business model. It could be anything and I find those very very interesting as well. I've been doing a lot of client direct work over the last couple of years and that idea of just being able to embed within a problem and then figure out what the solution is. So, you know, there's no scripts. There's no tag line. There's no ball. Words, it's it's starting at that point where it's you know, it's open like we don't even know this might be a campaign. This might be print. This might be all. We actually need to just hire a couple of people to do this sort of thing. And that's that's one thing that I find very fascinating. So but those are the extremes like one it might be just something where like, you know, we want you to cast some people and find locations and shoot this and it's very not straightforward because the reason why this work is interesting is that it's never straightforward, but it's is a Obvious process or it could be something where you're starting right at the start and everything is open. Would you say as a director that you have a specific strength like, you know performance or design or is it a like an amalgamation of all of those things? I really think I mean, it's interesting. It's because that's something that you know, we talked about a lot I talk about with my friends and colleagues a lot like, you know, because everyone wants to pigeonhole and this is something that That's always been very very difficult for me because you know aspect like even like 10 years ago with my body of work. I would take it to friends of mine EPS or production companies and they're like look, you know your stuff is great. But like you have this kind of sort of Docker work and then you have this like this heavy design-based stuff and this animation work and then cars and then it's kind of weird high fashion art stuff and like we don't see that the connective tissue there like and I'm like, I don't know it makes sense to me and it's taken it took years to Kind of like kind of build that connective tissue. So now when I show my body of work my real there like a like a get who you are but it's it's difficult if you don't like if you're someone who's just like I should cars or I'm a comedy guy or you know, like a visual comedy like or whatever then it's very easy for people to kind of say, okay. You're the guy who does this and we've got a board that needs your set of skills. It's only been very recently that I the feedback that I get is something where people Get it. There was something which I found really interesting and you know, almost a justification about a year ago where a creative director that I'd worked for years and years before came with a campaign and they're like look we want Alan to help us solve this because he's good at solving things. We don't know what this has to be. We've got an initial idea. We've got our ask from our client, but we we don't know what that thing. Rita's to solve this and bring this all together and Ellen's very good at that. So that's and that was something I was like, yeah. That is what I'm good at that that is where I mean, I can go and shoot stuff. There's people who are being a visual stylist to me. I mean, you know, I know tons of them personally, there's people who are better actors directors, you know, come from actors are really understand performance much better than me. There's you know, there's people who you know, like I mean, my whole thing is like I'm not particularly funny and I like I'm not a comedy director. It's which will know which is for me totally bizarre because you're hilarious. Yes, but I'm not funny humor is so for me in my experience. It's just so quick. And so it does surprise me that you say that it really doesn't translate the film. I'm very unfunny. So up here this for many people but it's you know, so so so hearing that I was like, yeah, that is what I'm good at like I'm good at and that's why you know, my work has this like big disparity because you know, the through thread of all of these things is like figuring out that kind of Like that thread that like this is what's important and whether that's a you know, like a genetic type piece or whether that's just a really honest piece of like documentary human filmmaking. Like that's the kind of the thread that goes through it. It's like kind of like finding into this like this line of Truth and then focusing everything around that so is this something that you haven't done in your career that you go, I'd really like to do like really like to do comedy or I'd really like to do. Is there something like that or are you? Kind of content for those things to come up organically. Mmm. I mean, I mean there's there's absolutely things that I really want to do. There's that the work that I'm doing right now is a stepping stone towards icing and in the same way that I was saying that I love the kind of like the short film, you know short form Co an poem sort of idea. There are just stories that you can't tell in that format. And those are the stories that I grew up in. And and grew up surrounded by and love like the I'm an obsessive reader and you know the kind of like being able to build something that you can only tell even Beyond in a feature film length, like more kind of I mean if I look at like the episodic format or like an anthology for man, like that's the stories that I want to tell fit very well into that. Like if I you know, if you look at something like a like a Twilight Zone and a black mirror or that sort of thing where they can be different stories that can be different worlds. It can be different world. Don't but there's an overarching message that all of these different things fit in so, I mean that's that's my next step is moving in to kind of like take everything that I already do and then be able to cut by the stories that I love and the stories that I'm obsessed by in the stories that are right. How do I then take this these techniques and this experience and then use that to tell those stories? So you think that that would be something episodic then potentially. I'm fascinated by the Format because I don't and I figured this out. I mean it's funny like looking back. The first time that I really realized that like sitting there looking at narrative arcs. It was 24 which has not dated well like but when 24 came out and that idea that, you know, there were 24 hour long episodes and it was in real time or close to it. But how do you you can't use just like a traditional three-act structure over a 24-hour period and I've watched it. Like literally I remember I was like in Paris watching it on DVDs and just sitting up like we would sit up for 10 hours and not go to sleep but jet-lagged and just like watch 10 hours in a row of this and it's like, okay. So there's there's the big kind of three-act structure like traditional like Joseph Campbell's sort of thing, but then within those and that's what each one of those is eight hours and within that there's three acts and each one of those is like three hours within that there's three eggs, and it's kind of like fractals. Sort of thing and and storytelling to the point where like each hour has like three acts and kind of like, you know, it's got a turning point and it's got like an intention and obstacle and then that in fits into the larger one and and I've become you know, like realizing at the time because that was before binge-watching was really a thing because also those shows were like once a week and seeing how that's like transferred to like the Netflix is in the Hulu's where they will release a whole season like 10 hours in one go and people will sit and watch it. So the That you can get I mean this negatives, of course, I mean like I love the experience of going to movies. I love the fact that I turned my phone off and I'm committed a hundred percent to watching this piece of art for an hour two hours two and a half hours three hours if you want to talk about the Irishman, but and you don't get that when someone sitting there watching Netflix on their laptop in bed, but what you do get is there there were certain commit to you for 10 hours. Like what's this the kind of story you can tell in 10 hours is is different from the story that you can tell in an hour and deeper and richer and you can really investigate Who characters are and what their how they feel about certain things and it can change you can have Evolution through this period so I find that fascinating and like, you know, I look at shows like Chernobyl and the World building that goes into that incredible and I just I just find that so phenomenal. I mean I look at that. I'm just like just what if absolutely fantastic piece of work. I was thinking as you were saying that that that thing about going to the cinema Turn off your phone being lost in that world is a huge part of it. And then the other part is experiencing a film with other people in the cinema. Yeah that shared experience shared experience. But then but then I thought about that from a episodic point of view, you know, you pick something like, you know Breaking Bad or one of these big things that becomes as phenomena and it becomes the shared experience, you know, there's water cooler talk or it becomes this. You know my gosh. Did you see the load so it comes a different shared experience. Doesn't it? Not not yet not happening in an hour and a half but happening over weeks and weeks. Yeah, I mean it's like because I think that idea I mean that's something that drives others humans as to like, you know, like like how do we connect? You know, like I mean I look at like, you know, like why do people drink why do people do drugs? It's like kind of like, you know, I've never been chasing My Demons away for that sort of thing. It's like to you know, I feel like a lot of the time like those those it's not the fact of getting out of your head. It's getting into the same mind State as other people so, We're doing the same drugs together. We're all drinking together to find some commonality and that if I look at Art, you know, like it's a, you know, we're sitting and like watching this movie together and we've all committed this and we have the most similar we're sitting in the same room and it's dark and we're all experiencing it sort of thing raw experiencing at the same time. I find that very special but the other thing that I find fascinating which again kind of like Loops back to what I was doing when I lift school was as you know, I'm fascinated by this idea of like of it created experience which moves Beyond screams and the I would always joke about the fact when I started moving into doing more car stuff which I love because like I mean, I love Automotive filmmaking like I am a like unashamed no, irony Fast and the Furious fan like I will sit there and watch any single one of those movies just quite happily. I watch bullet. I watched like a city Rendezvous like and just for that car choreography and Of that it's but I would always joke that I don't get the sheet metal spots. I mean the irony is that now I do get just the sheet metal spots and people don't know that I come from a design background and don't know that I come from like a sort of background but I would get the weird experiential jobs. So like I did work for Castro and Lexus where it's like these big stunts and there's an aspect of that that that I love that goes beyond kind of just traditional filmmaking like when we when we go we do a shoot it's never going to turn out exactly. How you Expected sometimes in a good way sometimes in a bad way, but there's always this process. It's not in real time. Like then you go and you edit it. You might tell a different story in the edit. Sometimes you have to we didn't quite get what we wanted where we can tell it in a different way you have visual effects in post-production you have color you have sound design all to kind of craft this and what I loved about the work that was more these weird experiential things will it was almost a live event. It was almost a stunk of a people there that had it had to work in the And this idea that this total skin in the game that if it doesn't work right now, there's no saving it. There's no cutaway. There's no like, you know, like our lives take it do another take it has to work that I find really fascinating and you know, we're excited. It's super exciting and super like and terrifying but in the best way like your present you're in the moment and it has to work and you know, when I look at you know, like even things like sleep no more. I think we're the precursor. Sir, I've a lot of this sort of stuff. But then when I look at you know this idea of like friends of mine just did this whole the marketing for the Irishman. I don't know if you saw it went down in Little Italy. I was told about it. Yeah, and they took over like two blocks of of not straight like we're you know, like I'm Buddha's Clam House where like, I mean, that's That's How fat you know, so and they took it over and for two days, they turned it into ha Ferrara Little Italy like they got all of these. Actors and they were all in Period costumes and they changed all the signage and they all of the cars newspaper newspapers were handing out there was literally like going back in time. But also that the way that they set it up. So when you just win there would be all of these actors interacting with each other but also interacting with you and you would go through and your experience of that was this kind of like this fascinating and you know, like yeah, they filmed it and I'd like the films and the collateral and all of that sort of thing like all you know, that's all incredible and that all becomes its own thing the campaign surrounding it but But like something like that, I find super fascinating let almost like a, you know a new form where it's you know, it's not a play. It's not a movie but it is all of the techniques that you are. You know that you're sitting up the production design that kind of the actors their intentions all of that sort of thing and then sitting someone loosen their that I again, I find very very fascinating right now. So you meant you mentioned that you're an Avid Reader. So if there is a book that you would recommend to somebody at the moment, I mean what's a book that comes to That you love. I mean I love I love world-building. I love I love writers who are in love with words. Like I love reading books where like you're literally just like dragged with them by their you know, their literary prowess, you know, I've always been you know, like obsessed with like writers like Thomas pynchon or David Foster Wallace where it's like, you know, gravity's rainbow. I think I probably read like 10 times and like the first time I read it I had no idea what it was about like, I literally I just I literally felt like I got off a roller coaster at the End of it just like I don't know what that was, but I want to do it again the second time. I read it. I sort of understood what happened and the third time I read it I sort of understood the themes behind it. This is right in the cock away that I really love right now who there's a book no more on that again. I've read it like maybe three times now. It's a big chunk out thick book and he you know, like the first time I read it. I was like, I don't know what that was, but like I liked it and And taking, you know like that that's a you know books that have that kind of density and that reread ability and that you know, they'll what they can give you changes depending on when in your life you are I find fascinating so in no one's fascinating fascinating book because like it's got these kind of like these, you know, these three or four intertwined braids that go through it. But when you start appear like they're completely disparate and then you start to see things Matic kind of Echoes between them. Them and then they just weaved together as it finishes and just such a virtuoso fashion. But in a way that makes you realize that you have to start reading that again immediately to then really understand what each one of these was about as it is an older book its recent. It's his latest one his I think all of his books have fantastic. I read a book recently. I loved this is how you lose the time war and it's you know sit in a world where time travel is possible and there's to me Being taken us two societies and the in the Deep future who are trying to change the past to make their future happen. So, you know, like doing various things and like that the fall of Troy or you know, like an first world war or whatever like finding this touch points in history to change things. So that their future is the one that happens. So you have one which is like Garden but in the agency and that sort of thing, but the whole story is told by these soldiers who are like sent back these two soldiers were sent back. In time to do the specific acts that will change the future and that the whole story is just told from letters from one to the other and they fall in love. So it's love leaders sent backwards and forwards by these kind of like these avatars of these mutually antagonistic very different societies and just like seeing them slowly kind of like learn each other and fall in love and it's just a very beautiful story and like in complex and emotional and and and also very very human. I think that through everything that you've told me today I mean this comes as no surprise to me from your background to the way that you know you've been talking about bouncing off things to find the path that you're on the one common thread which speaks to me so clearly is that you're a Storyteller like you love story telling you love reading stories you like being connected with that now In fairness to the people who are listening I touched on exciting adventure of pajamas in the color sweet eat so maybe we can finish with that anecdote I think that's a great place to finish yeah so so we met in Shanghai coloring a Volkswagen spot and I think at the time I think the time that I'd been to Shanghai before I had been fascinated by all of the old Chinese gentleman wearing pajamas on the street and you know to Shanghai is one of those cities that changed drastically every time that I've been Yeah, like so ready for the first time. I went there like I had two pieces of paper and one head the name of the hotel that I was staying at written and Mandarin and the other one had the name of the production company and all I could do was like give one of these Bits of Paper to a taxi driver. No, no one spoke English. There was no Google Maps at the time no Google translate and I could go backwards and forwards the Braxton and anytime I left and went somewhere. Like I was just so lost it was terrifying and and one of the things was seeing these old. Chinese guys walking down the street in their pajamas and I was like, why are they doing that and a friend of mine who lived there was like it's a symbol of wealth like there's showing off their like I'm so well off. I've got clothes just to sleep in you know, like you see like I'm like the I made it like you got you got close. I got super close. I just sleep it, but you see this it's like and I found that hysterical and just that it was this way of just completely flossing and flexing and so when you and I met we were We were doing color and we were like we need we need some of these old man pajamas to flex and so we got got deleted gone by his pajamas and the little flip flops that the little slippers the matching slippers slippers and got dressed and did it all of our color like that not realizing that what we thought it was funny but like everyone at the at the Post House thought they were completely mental because didn't they thought we were completely crazy like what is wrong with these guys really like look at this. I remember people kept Like I don't taking photos of us even with lace popping and take photos here exactly like that. We've acclimatized like that's it. We're locals now and just just in case anyone is wondering. Yes. We are sitting here whilst we're recording in our pajamas. I just let us magic sort of I will try to dig up. I've got a photo somewhere of that session of us and a pajamas. I'll try and put that in the show notes. Yeah, and I will also link you to Allen's work. Thank you so much for taking time to and chat to me. And as we were talking about it, and this could be a to powder because no but I mean that in a lovely way because there's so much more that I want to ask you and talk to you about. So who knows maybe for season two of the color couch. I'll get you back again. We'll come back. Thanks Baily. Thanks for having me. Thank you to Allenby be for being my guest on the color couch. He's looking very good in his pajamas. Thank you to my executive producer Amelia Chapel. Oh, the lovely music is from chubby Tycoon. Thank you, buddy. I appreciate everyone for listening and for your super lovely feedback. Thank you. Keep coloring outside the lines and I'll chat with you all again soon.