Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis Jacko motherfucking Tchaikovsky. You slap nipples right near death, like apples the badger trampoline every second of it. You're always jokes if you had your way this would be a fucking porno porno. Cheers, baby. Cheers the fucking weekend. Wow, what is up? Everybody surprisingly able to do that with that thing. I got episode 9 on everybody for I let me do this dude, dude. I'm like I'm struggling with this. I'm wearing that brace. I was in a horrible. Car accident 6 people are gone Friday 15 episode number nine. We're here in the studio. We've got to sort of hookers sitting on the couch. Just ready to just suck our dicks ready to ready to feel the underside of our ball sacks Freddie to just show us what They're looking at us with Mal intent sort of like a chameleon. We look at you right before you feed it right before you eat it. No feed before you feed it. I had a chameleon. He's a nice guy had a chameleon. You know what we get will go into that. I am your co-host Jacko. the sort of artificial Jaguar Tchaikovsky over here to my right dr. Hill dr. Hill sort of prescribing women his cock. Sort of telling them to take this two or three times a day. Okay. So seriously, though. I had a chameleon for about maybe eight or nine months in Tilden. I didn't kill it. I think he ate a ladybug with her lady bugs all over all over the frat house that I lived in and he would fucking Billy. I think he ate one. I think one got in his cage and hate when he was poisoned and died. And died. But anyway, he would I mean there wasn't a time where that pick that dude was happy to see me. I'd always and always look over at his cage and he just be looking at me like fuck you you piece of shit. I can't wait to eat for you to fucking die, but it was so worth it having him. I mean it was they have the weirdest hands do Dave Sweet. Everything about them is fucking like MIT. Yeah, they're literally like they're like crab claws, but basically and they're like still like kind of pointy do when he when he crawls on you, dude. Tom all right P Taco I miss you every fucking day. I forgot his name is Taco it was Taco. I was his name is taka. I miss that motherfucker man. It was such a sad day when he died. I saw dude. He was like purple when he died his eyes like poor popping out of his body. He couldn't keep his tongue dude. It was literally the worst death ever. So you want to know what I did how I fucking I'd like tried to put him out of his misery. So I put him in a box and I just stopped the show. I swear to God I felt so bad. I didn't know how to kill I didn't do that dude. He was in so much pain. I didn't know how to like put him out of his misery. He stomped on it. Yeah, Jesus Christ. How are you supposed to be? I don't know. I'm sorry Taco. I'm sorry, but you were dying. He literally like could not breathe literally was like wheezing and he couldn't breathe and he was like that for a debt like a whole day. You give him a day to get better and he didn't get better so you can Killed two dude, you should have seen him. It was it was fucking disgusting. Like I felt so bad for him. I was sad to hold the whole week was fucked up. And I remember after he died. I went over to my buddy Dusty and I was like, we were on the roof of Phi Kappa Theta in, Missouri Columbia, Missouri University of Missouri. Go Tigers. Hell, yeah, we were on the roof of Phi Kappa Theta and he I just said tacos dead and he says Jesus Max open an ice-cold natural light and it to me and we just sort of drifted off into the sunset while sipping on a tea lights remembering Taco for everyone stem off the building. That's no dude. I did Chef I gave him a clean death. I wouldn't say that's good. I wouldn't say it's clean but again, but quick death one swift stop. It had was nothing people are gonna be like you're terrible, but I swear to God you guys didn't see him. Okay. I know what I know. Know what death looks like I seen it many a time and that was death that felt like eight minutes, but that was five minutes one of the girls off to like right in front of us so notice. I mentioned that if two guys have sex with each other and then and then they and then that one of those guys have sex with a girl that they can get diseases that like we couldn't get Like if we fucked in a new way, in fact, one of these hookers over here, then you wouldn't like you could get something that they don't get but that we that we can't get weight that I could get something that they could get something. Oh, yeah, you ever had sex in a hot tub? No. I have it's pretty fucking awesome. Hey, that's real. Cool, man. Okay, cool. Yeah, you know, that's that's the best part is that no, that's all podcast moves for when you just shut everything down. No, seriously. You should do more of that. You should do more of that when I bring up a topic you should shut it down immediately because that's what people love people love that. We are love that did in that hotel. You said you had sex in it. So now we don't really want to know what filters and I was literally 17 years ago. Oh, yeah, I get forgot. It's been a long time since you've had sex. Yeah. Just kidding. I've been I've been having some sex lately. It's been Fucking great ipb thanks. Thanks the gods above for the sex that I've been having because it's been nice. Okay, I can't I'm so distracted right now why because of them? Who's that? They're not doing anything. I know they're right literally not they're having problems having conversation. That's why it's throwing me off. Why don't we have our conversation? It's like we're at a bar and they're just like those girls who are like over there like talking about. I don't know fucking periods and whatever girls talk about. What do you think talk about periods and then like pastries or something like that periods and pastries periods and pastries. Hey, Are you on your period? No, okay, let's go get some cupcakes. What the fuck? What is that? Not that's not like it's the typical girl thing. You know, I don't know. Yeah, you know girl so you don't have a fucking flappity Wapiti sort of wet loose vagina, I guess not all vaginas are loose. Some of them can be tight. Like the first time I had sex that thing was not letting anybody in like the game actually not you like the gates of Mordor. Probably because you make Lord of the Ring references. Well, yeah, probably you know, what dude I want to apologize for who I am. I won't ever do it. Now come up with and you wanted to know I'm getting cramped. Yeah. Well one of our listeners sent in some fucking disrespectful as a message. I believe that my heart will go on. Well, I have to fill the dead are because guess what everybody on their goddamn you can A multi task. No, I can't is everybody on their goddamn kids know that you're not going to fucking do it piece of shit bitch ass Peugeot bid. Adieu. Oh, yeah, he's a funny fucking to show. Okay. We're resulting to fucking childish behavior. Tell me a story right now. Three, two one make it up. I was in the desert outside of Las Vegas. I came across a toad which was weird because you know, you don't usually find toads in the desert and he told me that I was going to Is my right leg if I didn't carry him on my shoulder to a pond but you know, where you going to find a pond in the desert, right? Yeah, so we are walking along and then I found the snake and he told me he was gonna bite my right leg if I didn't feed him the tote so I was at a Crossroads because you know, either way it's going to lose my right leg Yeah, I so it's quite different ticket. What I did is I killed them both. Oh Jesus what you killed a toad and what and a snake. Jesus Christ you what the fuck is wrong, and then I walked out of the desert and I was fine without dude. So lesson was there's always a third option just murder them all that's I feel like that's a bad to good lesson. It's worked out for me a lot in the past. Oh my God, it's fucking gone. How is it going? This is something you should had prepared it is but I fucking dude, this is Bolt This Is War Line This is borderline bullshit. I was gonna play this fucking recording that someone of our fucking listeners just dumb as shit sent in but it's Golem in Italy. It is literally making me fucking live it. I've never been so pissed off before I'm more. Staff now than I was when Bo Bice got kicked off of American Idol. So that is six or seven or eight or nine. Ten years ago. Okay, but beyond be on the lookout you do have a sex position in the week. Then you are going to have to have prepared and I swear to God if you come up with someone bullshit name called the bear or bear attack or Randy's rifle shot. I'm going to be pissed off. We're gonna go to our we're going to go to our three thousand questions about me book, too. Sort of fill the rest of the air for you guys this weekend. I know this might be a shitty episode. We apologize for that. There's two girls sitting on the couch. One of them is playing with a knife the other one. Look, how me you brought your sort of lady love. How did I want to do this before they got here? I know but you brought your lady lover over here and she always brings her friend and her friend. I don't want to compare her too. King Joffrey, but it's sort of like if King Joffrey had a sister just like him Tommy. Oh, you've never seen Game of Thrones. I forgot I've seen episode. Oh, you've never seen him Thrones you. Okay? Well, never mind. You should watch it's a really good show. All right, Tommy. Um, I'm just going to go to a just okay. Here we go. What Fortnight question 422 what was your worst nightmare? Oh, I told you about my worst nightmare. Did you yeah, I remember was it on the pie don't really have well, no, I think we recording but I don't know if you got on camera is like while we're on break, but my worst nightmare, it's not like I have a worst nightmare. I have a were string a reek have a reoccurring character who shows up. Up randomly in different nightmares or in different dreams and makes them nightmares, which I think is worse because she shows up when she's not supposed to be there, you know, and it just turns the tide entirely. Okay, you say she can you yeah, he's like, have you seen her the like you can you physically paint a picture for the listeners and under three minutes? Thank you. No, I mean like a little girl ish. You're scared of a little. Girl, well not not like a little like she's smaller than me, but she's like like my age I guess but she's a dark character long black hair came when you started you mean black or like no not just American just like every time Shadows up. Yeah. Okay. She's in the shadows. Okay, so you can't release so it would you describe her as like maybe like the girl from The Ring or maybe The Grudge yea Korean film The Grudge something like that. That movie that look I'll tell you what the Koreans know how to make themselves some barbecue and know how to make themselves a scary flick The Grudge haunted me for so fucking long. Yeah, but how many times do you say? Have you would you say you've seen this? I was probably like seven or eight. She uses. She was the last time you saw her. It's been a while. It's been a few months. Thank God this year though, dude. I wish I could like get in your dream and just come in there and just Sock her tits. Are you busy little girl wasted at a time? I don't expect like it'll be like somebody will need help and I'll help them for something and then because I helped them this girl goes after that person that I helped and then and then like I'll be there when something happens to them and then she's like, I'm not gonna lie. Yeah and like I can't save the person and then she comes after me dude. What the fuck I can't came after my family one time and killed my mother and oh god. Well, he sure mom hasn't died yet. Look this isn't like foreshadowing. Yeah, I really hope not now you put that thought in my head. Thanks a lot. How would that not thought met but not into your head. I don't know. I'm trying to think of my worst nightmare. I don't think it I can't remember. Do you have any like don't dream anymore feel like we should I think you need to dream more. Why do you want to can you inspire Inspire our listeners? Right now say something inspiring don't give up your life could always be worse. Just look at Jacko. For example, what the fuck are you serious? What just look at me? Yeah, then they're going to want to kill themselves knows I'm strong and athletic I'm talented. I'm funny. I'm Charming. They'll be like I have okay. Well, I see work ethic tons of money food running at a local Irish Pub. I can lift over 1,700 pounds. I've saved over 35 women. I've I've I've all right through ya time. Oh shit sex position the week crab leg Cannonball. That's not fucking real.