Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my words. I didn't know what to say. It was hard to pronounce words. I don't know what's going on. I think it's just Mercury retrograde so I don't know how you all are doing. But I hope you guys are doing better than me because this week has been so stressful. So before getting started, I just wanted to apologize because I should have uploaded this episode last Sunday and today's Tuesday and I just started recording. Ending episode 4. So yeah that was poor planning on my part. And also I've been busy last week. I was out of state for the weekend. And also I had a couple of projects to do and just a lot of stuff in preparation for my graduation. So to make this up for you guys this episode is going to be super interesting because there are real cases of this so to start I kind of want to dedicate this episode. So two Filipino mythology because I think they're very interesting and I think it doesn't get much hype compared to other mythologies like Japanese greek-roman. I don't know. Yeah, and I really want to share this part of me with you guys because you guys are really awesome. And I want you guys to appreciate Filipino culture the same way I do or at least appreciate them, even though it's not the same level. I don't know. So yeah Filipino mythology is actually pretty abundant some of them. I don't even know until I didn't even know until now. So while researching stuff for this episode, I learned a lot about Filipino folklore and usually in Filipino mythology. We talk a lot about mythical creatures and this one is super interesting because I just learned about this creature. Recently, so my parents would usually tell me the story of the white lady in billeted drive or the Kabbalah or Aswang that kind of stuff and they're usually located in provinces and I thought they were pretty creepy. So going back to Filipino mythologies a fun fact is that this creature actually appeared in the Netflix show called chilling Adventures of Sabrina in this episode. We'll be talking about the tbat the Sleep demon from Ilocos. But Edith or Bongos in Tagalog lives in a tree this creature takes the form of an old fat woman who likes to chill in her tree the same way humans like to chill at home at first. There's nothing really special about this creature. She likes to relax hang out in her home minding her own business. She won't really bother anyone that is unless her tree is Disturbed when I say Disturbed, I don't mean like stepping on the tree or sitting on it or climbing on it or whatever. I mean chopping down her home and inflicting some serious damage to it if I'm making sense, but the but will unleash her wrath to the humans who have destroyed her home by suffocating them in their sleep. But how does she do this? You ask if one cuts down the tree that she lives in and turns it into a part of the house. Then she can enter one's home by hiding in the parts of the tree that has been cut down from there when the person is sleeping but T, but goes in for the kill by sitting on the person's chest. Chess or face and suffocating them to death keep in mind but debug is described as incredibly obese. So it'll be hard to get her off once chest. The only way to skip buddy, but spell is for another person to bite the victims, toe or shake the victims legs to wake them up. Okay, when I read about this, especially how to escape but the but spell and when I realized when I learned that another person has to bite the victims toe. I think that's kind of disgusting because imagine putting someone's toe in your mouth. Like I don't even want to know what that's like honestly. So anyway, I think this is kind of interesting for me because I've heard of the medical phenomenon before but I've never Heard of the actual demon or entity like I've seen cases of people dying in their sleep because of nightmares like it was also featured on news and TV. Yeah. I thought it was kind of interesting. I hope you guys find it interesting too. So here are some facts some fun facts about but the but and balloon would so the story of booty but is linked with this medical phenomenon. On called sudden unexpected nocturnal death syndrome. Wow, that's a mouthful. Okay, this phenomenon is actually also prevalent in Thailand, Japan and Cambodia. Usually the victims are males and it's often the most common cause of natural death among young and healthy Asian populations. So in Filipino this medical phenomenon is actually called. The Lord which also translates to nightmare. This may have been the cause of death in similar cases among Filipino males. So in the Philippines there were actually cases of bumble would so it actually got so prevalent that there was a foundation that is dedicated to research the cost is the explanation of Beaumont. It was set up in the 1950s by the owner of Bennett. I Yes after his son died of bungalow and more than six decades later. There is a lot of literature that could be found online. And this is according to inquire dotnet which is a newspaper back in the Philippines. There are other words in other Asian cultures that refer to Beaumont. So in Thai it's called light tie and in Japanese, it's called pcori and I don't know if I'm pronouncing. These correctly and in Chinese it's called biglia, which means crushed by a ghost. This case was so prevalent that in the New York Times article. There was a case of 18 lotion refugees mysteriously dying in their sleep within the last four years. So one possibility is being explored which is frightened to death by nightmares and until to this day it remains a mystery all case. This has pointed to natural causes. They also ruled that accidents suicides and Foul Play and No conclusion has been reached despite this there's actually been medical articles dedicated to research and explain what's been happening. So the earliest medical reference is to bungle. What are maria-paz Mendoza Gua zones 1917 Journal article some notes about Boulevard and Appeared in the Philippine Journal of Medicine and Pharmacy AV Mahaska also published a research article called sudden death in Filipino men an unexplained syndrome and this appeared in the 1948 Hawaii medical journal. So dr. Alvin Mahaska, I'm not really sure if I'm pronouncing his name, right? He was a forensic pathologist Who Rose to become the chief medical examiner in Hawaii because in worry into bone would cost the panic in Hawaii and the early 1950s this another highlight in the history of Filipinos in Hawaii and Earl Stanley Gardener, who is the author of famous Perry Mason detective novels dedicated his 1955 the case of the sunbathers Diary to Mahaska with a forward that made reference to bungle would I'm not really sure how prevalent this was. In the United States, but back home, I grew up like watching and learning about this medical phenomenon. And I remember like my parents would tell me to not sleep after right after eating because that's how usually you get bone. What I've been told by a lot of people that I shouldn't really sleep right after eating because that's how you die of bungle. What and I also remember Brr. I watched a lot of TV shows that tried to explain or that gave out speculations as to why this medical phenomenon is happening. And I think that was pretty much it but I never really know. I never really knew that there was an actual demon or entity. That's that Persona Feist this medical phenomenon. Who also remember the one I mentioned about And Earl Stanley Gardner's forward that is dedicated to Mahaska. Okay, I found the actual code of this and it says I have spent many hours with dr. Alvin Vemma hasta in Honolulu, discussing the strange nightmare deaths of Honolulu. I first heard of these deaths when I was attending one of Captain Francis Gigli seminar on homicide investigation at the Harvard Medical School. School in Boston. Dr. Milton help him the famous forensic pathologist of New York was lecturing there and remark that it was not always possible to determine the cause of death. He cited as an example that he had recently been called upon to examine vital organs from bodies sent him from the Hawaiian Islands in that in case it had been impossible to discover a cause of death. There was no sign of poison the Heart the lungs kidneys brains and all of the vital organs were in perfect working order these men simply had stopped to live and medical science was powerless to find out why they had ceased to live. So this was from the forward Gardner's case the case of sunbathers diary. This was dedicated to dr. Alvin, Mahaska and his case, too. His reference to below one and I thought it was just interesting. So like I said before these were all natural causes everything like the vital organs were working and authorities have ruled that accident suicide and Foul Play and so far there's no conclusion or explanation as to why this is happening. So another article that has been published is the one from 1998 in the international Journal of epidemiology. And it's based on the review of bungalow deaths recorded in Manila from 1948 to 1982. So fun facts 96% of the victims are male and the average age was 33 years old and the time of death is at 3 a.m. The case is peaked in December to January. This is all in the article in inquire dotnet and I thought this is just interesting. Honestly the Despite having a lot of research dedicated to this medical phenomenon, like science could not explain it at all why this was happening. It's weird because the vital organs are working like they're like, they just stopped living. It's like as if like someone or something had done it. I don't know it's really hard to explain but I thought it was just interesting because they're like these cases are legit. Oh, yeah. Okay this the same one. Center for Disease Control published a report. I think this is the same Report with regards to unexpected deaths during sleep among young male Southeast Asian refugees in the United States. So I'm just going to give you the breakdown of this but I mentioned this earlier. So 33 of those who died were from Laos for were from Vietnam and one was from Cambodia. So the according to this report Your tits in Daily Beast. It's called unraveling the mystery of deadly dreams syndrome. It says that so there were proposed explanations that included stress from immigration and resettlement sleep abnormalities undiagnosed heart defects and dietary deficiencies, but nothing could have been proven so it began to be called sudden unexplained deaths in Rome or Suds and this was recognized as a leading cause of death among young men from Southeast Asia. So yeah, I just think this is interesting because it's actually a real case and people actually die from it and even science cannot explain it and I also thought it was weird that the common theme of it is that men are dying at 3 a.m. And I thought the three eim bit was weird because as you all know, I think 3 a.m. Is like the demon hour or whatever you call it. But yeah, I just thought it was super interesting. So yeah, if you guys have any encounters or extra knowledge regarding this this medical phenomenon, you guys can send me an email in the description and Spotify or it's also in my Instagram bio and I hope you guys have fun listening. This I upload episodes every week or at least I try to and also if you have any suggestions what you guys want to hear for the next episode? Oh, shoot. Oh, I thought someone knocked on my window just really creepy. Oh my gosh. Okay going back. If you guys have some suggestion for the next episodes that you guys want to hear just send me. Me an email. It's going to be on my bio on Instagram. It's going to be in the description on Spotify. And anchor if you want I can even say it here. It's urban legends aodc podcast at gmail.com. Its urban legends aodc podcast at gmail.com. You guys can send me an email over there with suggestions and counters especially extra knowledge with this phenomenon because It's unexplained. There's a lot of speculations and I think it's really interesting because it's an actual case. It's really legit. So yeah, send me an email. So if you want more listeners stories as well, just hit me up and also follow my Instagram for more podcast updates ITS m AR TI are easy ese that's my Instagram and they are TIR easy dot S A go follow that More updates, and I also upload every week or at least I try to depending on my schedule. But yeah, I try to upload every week. So stay tuned and I hope you guys have fun. Thank you so much for listening. You guys are awesome. Bye.