Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too.80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any further, you can call him anything you want, but do not call him chicken my podcast partner in crime Sheamus has got my friend. Don't call me chicken. I will never call you chicken - it's another about the future reference. Is it I was like, I don't really get that reference. Every time someone calls them. Chicken Marty McFly goes batshit. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay. We gotta watch Back to the Future has been to live guys. We got to write a whole new intro. However, it is it is actually know what this was without any consultation. This is a very good Back to the Future can reference because I am back to where I was pretty wild card now if I could My want to my wife. Yeah, it's blank to the Future blank to the future. I think it adds a little something just because but the references are in reference to the movie batter for Gio. I'm sorry. I am back to where I was pretty wild card. So I work hard it at a great game week one went from a hundred and twenty. Alright, I had the first game week after my Wild Card which would have been game week 24 the honeymoon period yeah, we've been around game of 24 and I went through it with a nice green arrow from like 128k to like 68k and now I'm back into like 130k. So example treat reread hours in a row for me another shitty week. It was just this appeals. No for lately. No, but I mean to be fair, like I said before we started recording it was shitty for all like it was an average score of what we say 28 points 26 26 points. Jesus even lower I got to made it. That's what's getting infused. But yeah 26 points average that's incredibly low. So I mean with that in mind Sheamus, it's it To feel too bad about it. There's a lot, you know worst-case scenarios out there. Yeah, last last week was a game week average of 27 pre the Liverpool West Ham game. Yeah, like that was the average before that after this game though. I know there was what eight games but Liverpool were playing average was game between six and that all came down because the pool as you rightly say got to try to buy Watford and that was the only thing that saves the average score last week in the end being it looks like I'm 41, so so you can tank Liverpool. The last week but they weren't there two weeks in a row and saved her ass. So many times this season, you know with just putting up another 30 points from three players kind of thing, but not this week. I'm afraid could do it. Yeah. It was a big shock obviously, you know Liverpool losing their first match of the season and the it's gonna send ripples across the fancy premier league, but in general like to do it this week and the week were men city of I don't have a fixture, you know, there's Verdi didn't play all of these kind of kind of things that people were And in film for the just to add a cherry on top there on a Saturday night and have their first defeat of the Season. Yeah, but I'm shocked. Yeah, a lot of people especially Arsenal fans very very happy to see them lose. I thought it would be very hard from the goal at the hotel Fire season undefeated. Anyway, if they if they actually managed to beat or draw what Watford today, they probably would have dropped point to some Sage the next few weeks. Anyway, just very hard to stay that, you know turned, you know tuned in. Yeah 90 minutes every game and not make a mistake and couple of injuries away before dejan lovren is starting, you know, yeah, that was his fault. You got a lot of slack online saying he was the reason why maybe didn't play great but the goal is weren't his fault. No, but he lives pretty shit. So I think that didn't help his case especially because like I think the last well, it's the last five matches that Van Dyke is last for those he was partnered with love Vernon now, maybe that's more to do with the fact that Gomez didn't have a spaz, you know kind of for ages, but I don't know I'm not going to read too much into it and I'm not going to give love her too much shit, but I will say that on Friday. I was looking my transfers and I was going to go Liverpool double defense. I think that's kind of the way forward. At least it was before the last match. Anyway, I felt like they were going to try and just grind out see how victories and I was debating do I go with Gomez and with the week that was in US my very nose hair in my cereal all these kind of players fucking just turn and shit upside down for me. I was delighted this I went with Robertson the end. Yeah, that's one point extra. Yeah a whole one point. How long has gone was like you have to have any ideas. It's going to be one game. I miss you have a few be a hundred sentence, which I assumed. It was just a rest and I maybe this is my ignorance, but I didn't know. Yeah, he had a knock or some description. He was struggling with something, but I have to check Bend entry for that because I said I have my full quarter of roof repairs filled. I've depend Ike and I have Trent fasnacht Salah and I haven't been looking at getting Gomez in so I was a surprise anyone to even learn he had an injury, but apparently some energy some description. So I don't think it's a very very long term one my still To be looking at him in terms. I think this is sure 1y Van Dyke Roberts like doubling up in the wind backs, even though it's the Dexter bit. That's kind of the preferred defense are option to get into liberal defense. But let's bring it back out into the broader scope of the FPL and Friday night was the deadline last week. We had a Norwich Lester match to look forward to and ya lo and behold a cat was amongst the pigeons in news. That really wasn't going to be starting in the Lester game. Mmmmm, and the how did that affect your game week were you prepared for it? I saw you major transfers lace. Yeah, I held off and I was aware that he wasn't starting before before the actual deadline had passed so that kind of impacted my entire decision making process. I was holding after see and get as much information as possible because there is the possibility of a double game week 29 now that are still have been knocked out of the Europa League. Yeah, their game week fixture that was postponed this week actually was that man city ordered. For this week. I know are saluting with him this week, but I don't know what the personal fixable will get into the don't know that we've just gone. We just got that they blanked. Oh, yeah, I think it was arson. Yeah our seats that game is was looking increasingly likely pushed to game with 29. They're just waiting on an announcement and the people in the know who are saying that if it's going to be announced there's a good chance would be announced before the game with 28 deadline maybe on Friday some time. Yeah. You were like last week's you were talking about agüero out for VAR D. That was yours. And of go to plan even when you did your water carried, it was like I'm going to graph three weeks blank comes up where it ready. Yeah. Exactly. And I remember at the time thinking I could go. I'll buy me a ring, but I'd switch to variety then now that's cost me points as cost me the bones of 28 points in that period okay, whatever and I was saying last week that if it wasn't for the fact that I asked them were blanking and game we 28. I might just go for about me now. I've got the choice to go for either of those next week. We also have the choice to stick because you in the end you chose to I'll just hold it where oh not transform into variety. And now you have an egg. We're all facing in to do you say that possible double game week and match against one? Yeah, but tree bad fixtures in the next four. I mean say bad me man United's many I always seem to do well again City or at least play better against City Dave Dave Remember the Time Pogba got those two goals last season or whatever. It was season for men United seem to raise their game against the bigger teams and try and hit him on the counter-attack and that sometimes works, you know. Know that it worked against the ruler and the season and Cedar also have Chelsea and Liverpool. Liverpool game is going to be hired on whatever but the Chelsea game which don't really know what way that's going to go. You still think city were going to win but if they're out at league and they're still focusing on the Champions League rest in rotation, and I'm wondering even if I stuck with Aguero how many of these games it even starts? Yeah, you know, he rested Jesus in the first leg against Real Madrid, which means he could easily Play Jesus in one of these League games as well and when the big games, so I'm You know the game he probably rested for be that Burnley game and gave me dirty. So I don't know even if there's a double game week this week. I'd be more confident to buy me aubameyang would start to games as opposed to Aguero. I just wondered where all out now so I sit down the pecking order. I just have to said where I'm going to go and what actually happened was I had I got everywhere a wind that would have saved me the bones a tree million that would have allowed me to do major upgrades in Midfield. I could have I didn't want to go for double I was talking to parents as well in the last our Midfield but I didn't want to go for double Lester so I could have made grealish Fernandez. Yeah, that didn't happen 10 points. It could have gotten there. If I if I hadn't been made aware of Friday not being the squad I could have worked out better, but let's not you know, too well on the ifs and ands, like what did you actually do in the end? What I did ended up getting me nothing. So I to free transfers and I got Bali in for Steve for Egan. Yeah zero points because you got a yellow card and conceded two goals and I pivoted at the last minute and I went for presents. Brian's just operates could be a good option with varieties absences in various absence because he's got a lot of his goals on the pitch when Verity has been absent. So I was like, you know what this could be good and he's got more points in RV brands are pretty much the same price. I was like we know what praise can do in the second half of the season. I thought it was a good differential to have you know, how he burns himself as a Drifter differential but I'm just a bit sick in that if I hadn't got the news. I might've went Verity in for Aguero, and I'd have him for next week and I could have some like either Fernandez or Instead of getting Bali I could have upgraded to dartie who's somebody I really wanted and I was looking at getting Bali and game are not Bali but Daugherty and gaming 29 and I wasn't going to go for body last week. But because I end up sticking with Aguero in the end to give myself more time. I did not have enough money in the bank to do anything major. Yeah. Do you think you missed the shipper? You think that's kind of Direction you're still looking at going in now. Dartie. Yeah now I would that would require getting I've got my tree was players that would require getting too many people out of this is mr. Shipman dark, you know. Going to have to suck it up and just stick with Polly fair enough fair enough. You mentioned that you kind of made a little last-minute switch to Perez over Barnes and I was kind of both happy and sad to see you today because I made the switch to Burns. So I kind of just did you season would prefer a bit of a differential between myself and yourself, especially considered and I kind of made it we spoke about it last week. We're both speaking with parents like your puppy will go Brian. So I would like to have someone difference. Yeah. Well that's good that we're kind of sympatico there, but I intern me. Maids I wasn't at my whole plan was like look if I can just escapes the kind of scraped through gaming 28 without a hitch and just take whatever the gods gave me that look that's my plan a but sitting there on Friday with an hour or two to go before the deadline. You had the news Verity not playing marcial who has been a big differential for me over the last three game weeks. It's been fantastic kind of I think he's less than 20% own so he's even weight as 20% on but either way big differential three-game weeks on the track is kind of pulls up and back and yeah he Apparently was rested or was gone to have a scan over some strain somewhere. I don't fucking know but either way it was unlikely that he would feature at least that was the impression. That was what was being said. Yeah. Yeah, so I'm their shit myself. I'm gone. Okay varied, he's not playing my Cialis. I was I already only had like my bench options being Rico who's lost his place in the last two weeks reform its kind of bad timing for me Stevens who had a bit of an injury, and he basically fucking I was working his way back. There was a chance he'd start this week and the Steven arnott. It seemed a mysterious. Yeah exact. This is what I was relying on others and the Stevens day I could forget about this evens and there's Stevens for first attempted, but you shouldn't forget about this evens. He's a bit of a kind of Mainstay in your team last season. I was here it was. Yeah and I went back to the same reason but he did pick up in a couple of weeks ago and he was working his way back Potter. It came out and said that there was a chance you'd feature in the game. So it's gone. I really can't be really playing the end. He didn't even play. So my mind is for was kind of forced in the sense that as I go right? Fuck it time to make moves. Hopefully I can get lucky here. I removed lundstrom sadly. So no more ever presence in my team. This season removed lundstrom and I went to Robertson on that doable Liverpool defense and I did take a chance with parents because of the variety thing. I really wanted some of Leicester in the next couple of weeks and if varieties injury turned out to be to be longer than expected at least I'd have a bit of parents cover the same with me and I was like, I don't want to get Variety in and then he misses the following week. Now the word from Brendan Rodgers is that he's going to miss the midweek FA Cup game. Yeah against Birmingham city, but he should be available for the Aston Villa game next weekend. So for gaming 29, he should be back but you never know. He might stick with you nacho up there. Any natural look good had a goal ruled out for handball either VAR intervened, which was a bit of a shame because there's a lovely strike. I think Lester losing one note to Norwich means that if varieties fit to go There, you know you're right. Yeah, I mean is that too many games left in the season for them to consolidate and make sure they secure that third spot. Yeah. So you need your wins and I do think variety would probably come good again, but it is I wasn't impressed with as much as Lester had the ball. They didn't look that impressive in the game. A lot of it was just a passive kind of moving the ball around and I don't know II like I thought I don't know Arch, we're kind of work their month the wind, you know, yeah. Well, I mean less there have been coming to on a slippery slope for at least what a cane weeks now. It's yeah and I became weak here and there where they put in a decent performance some games where they put in a decent performance and don't get anything but in general it's been fuck like you had you basically have a group that separated now in FPL the Dough's who got rid of variety before the baby and you know those who didn't and I'm very much in the your kind of half and I because you did well carried a couple weeks ago, but I very much stuck with variety the whole time and that's It's not worked out at all. Well, I was like, let's get off the ride a train for that reason and I was correct in my assessment of okay. I want off variety. I don't want any bit of Madison, you know for those games all perfectly fine, but the players have gone instead of them have done nothing like as I said agüero blanking those three games in a row didn't have a game this week as well. And who else would have true or act Rory and agüero have been just done nothing for my FPL team since my Wild Card the rest of teams. Okay. Oh, I also stuck with Greta's. and he got a goal there one week, but I just feel like going forward really she's going to be getting Maybe one or two return you get a set few seven points as we know in the end this season, but I think it's gonna be mostly twos. I mean, I don't yeah, I agree with you. I think if you look at Aston Villa's upcoming fixtures take home in now in a way match against Leicester home against Chelsea then a way to Newcastle home to wolves and Away to Liverpool. Yeah. I think if you have if you wanted Aston Villa cover then greenish for his price point and what he's done this season, there's no doubt. He's the the option but I'm not too convinced only as a The midfielder not as a turd midfielder only as a fourth midfielder. I think there's Church midfielder slots are available. Now on the 8 million bracket with the likes of Hernandez who's look for United who's looking more and more essential as we go on you could go up. Marcial if he's proven to be fit next week. That's it remains to be seen what his Fitness is like. Yeah. Well, he played so yeah, he started we started you just stumbled upon my high point of the week. Now there wasn't a whole lot to choose from this week. But yeah the likes of a him in his goal and a Newcastle clean. She's there was little kind of little things to cheer for her. But yeah to be honest considering the state of my team and the fact that I've had no one coming in for him the mere fact of him starting against Everton those two points. I was yeah, that was me. I was happy my high point. How many players do you actually play with the end? I think I play with like 10 10 10. I saw a few teams playing with nine and eight few eight even so one team with seven playing just because they weren't prepared didn't have enough I was Focus on getting 11 players out actually had three points in the bench for Hayden. Yeah as it turned out so I should have just benched either Stevens for Southampton or Bali for wolves who both got me zeros, I think maybe that's possible in terms of if I was to self-critique a little bit looking at how poor my bench was this week. I'm going maybe I should have been more focused on that over the last couple of weeks instead of like the lungs from let him sit there until this game be but I mean either way it would have had to have been a hit at any stage. Yeah again, - so what was your you said? You got 28 points? You said between with the hits or 24? Yeah 24 points and how did that affect your or so where's your earnings? I know that gap between us but I don't know where you are Euro or is that a yeah, I dropped from I think it was like 175 Town turbos 238 and then now I've dropped down to 280. I'm not even sure if it's to the I'm going to say 238 and I'm going to fact-check this as a ramble through the rest of it. Yeah, mine. What if you want while you're I scored the game week average of 26 points. So two points less than you, but when you factor in your hit two points better off than you really which was a game we crank of 3.5 million right bang in the middle of the road another red arrow that stream it game weeks in a row for me and I went down 24K to 136 K. I was on a hundred and twelve. Yeah. Well, I was actually kind of half right? It was dead drop down to 86 now in total. So it would I had to Green's not to massive greens but I put myself back up to 238. And yeah now I'm down to 86 this your kind of seal where you were four weeks ago, which is kind of where I am as well. Yeah pretty wild card. I was um kind of back to where I was before. I got slightly worse off than where it was pretty wild card, but the teams in good shape if I look at that and paper maybe a game with 20 Ace just gone. It didn't look amazing because there's so many blanks in there wasn't too many Plumbing fixtures, but I had guys in pretty good fixtures, but like the For and give me 27 and this game with 29. I've had amazing picture I in fact like I could actually bent realistically bench boost this game week. Yeah and have a lot of players like most of the players playing nice home games. Not really many of my teams facing each other and I don't know I've liked looking at how my team has looked recently when our my teams have had nice fixtures. They haven't got points anyway, so I think bench Busan could be a waste. I might just hold off. I don't know. I mean it does feel like I should save it for a double game with yeah. I don't know. We'll have to kind of see what news breaks before the rest of the week because this is this is another week at least for me where it's very much a wait-and-see leave your transfers as late as you as late as you can not just because of you know, FA Cup matches, but also the double game weeks and all those kind of announcements that we're kind of expecting before this week is out. So unfortunately, I hope there is you know that I don't suffer too much from kind of price Rises like that's kind of where I'm going with right now. Like I said Bruno Fernandez, you mentioned there he's going to shoot up. I have my Yeah, I don't know if it's kind of irritating in the sense that if I want to keep my CL, you know, there is an option. He did play the to denied the you got two points. He played what he was like 75 minutes against Everton, but Fernandez has had an absolute flyer of austerities United's career. He's scored watched last week bit of a bullshit go or yesterday bit of a bullshit goal that Pickford Shoulda kept out in my opinion, but whatever he's chopped up another one picked up a goal in the system game week before that. On penalties a point to I believe he is now top for transfers in in the game week so far. Where do you stand on a friend is like you mentioned that you were considering obviously. Do you think that he's now the top option for Manchester United? I think so and that was part of I don't know. What was my low point this week actually looked like might have been Fernandez coring because obviously you did so well the pre which is odd to say is, you know different but he did so well the Week they knew it was a bit of a bandwagon for me. So then when you I heard marcial was being assessed by the medical team and he wasn't going probably might not make it and then he wasn't seen photograph with the team the night before the hotel which isn't unusual because the hotel that they say at pre-match games. He doesn't normally normally meets up with them that morning of the game because he lives like next door or across arrest cross the road or something like that. So it's not unusual for him not to be traveled with this squad in the team bus to the hotel. But like this he they were emergence. I don't they just was that's not even that far been tried from Manchester. Yeah, but I don't know that's like I don't know the whole debts they say in a hotel the night before in Manchester and just arrived. Yeah, either way when I heard that news I was going that's not confirming anything. He's actually about but when two hours away for when the news is with the news out there that he's a doubt and he might miss this amount of people that you knew the bet. There's a ban Rancor former. I knew that just went straight marcial to Fernandez. Yeah or people that would have had sown in their team or other. And their team that they wanted to spend because of the blank. You knew he's going to have my ownership in agreement you feel if you were a few Bob in the bank or if you were doing a double transfer the likes to turning a creation to front end is was a very possible it mean that's what you said you were looking at actually. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So I like the one thing I want from that United game was Calvert loon to do nothing. Yeah Fernandez do nothing cause this is what the whole game is about if the players who are highly owned and well picked do stuff then your rank suffers when I thought I was a goddamn it that's going to be a big green or red arrow now. Yeah, and so that's and falls into that category and Diego Jacques someone else who's had a storming a couple of weeks and continued it this week with a goal in the cystic and Spurs much to the Chagrin of traoré owners would imagine yeah and traoré again seem to have a shoulder injury kind of out after about 60 plan offers, but maybe 70 odd minutes. He kind of pulled over his shoulder in a bit of a toss about anger. I didn't fall to the ground right things. I've just been pushing and shoving and it just seemed to pop Dislocate again. Now we played on for the next five minutes or so before eventually coming off but basically new no confirmed after the game that it was his shoulder popped out dislocated again. And that's like the turd at least it's her time the last season last six months or so that that's occurred. You possibly even the fourth time and he's been arrested a lot to try and help him recover and it's still occurring. So I'm worried that it's going to lead to more time to recover. He might be in silk. He's a strong boy, you know as they say and he can play on. And stuff like that, but why would you play on when they bought this new guy put dance our potential whatever you pronounce it. They've got Giada banging and goals and they've nettle look very sharp when he came on and has look good when he's been playing with them to look you mentioned that you've tripled up on wolves here of Bali traoré and him and his and I don't think there's any arguments to be made for him. And as he again scored this week another Contender for Highpoint winning goal. Yeah. That was my high point because I had so very little my team really had him and his with seven points lesson. Clean sheet for Newcastle which was six the rest were all twos and ones. That was the one move. I think I might have made responsibly. The season was in preparation for gaming 28. I'm going to get a new Castle Defender. Yeah didn't fucking make a difference to its take a hit. But yeah, no, you have to treat wolves players and him in is that there's not they can be no argument with but when you look ahead to the fixtures brighten at home next week, then an away match against West Ham and home match against Bournemouth and Anna. Away match against Villa. So Brighton West Ham bormann filler all four teams all need something luckily wolves also are fighting for a possible Champions League spot, you know Europa League at the very least so they still have some to play for they're gonna be good games and I expect goals in them. I don't expect from traoré know. I never really expected too much Gold's from anyway, it's always kind of assists. He has scored a few goals against Man City. I think he scored two goals in the first leg against the first game. Summon one in the second game against them. I think they're his three goals this season. He might have another goal against someone but you're right like we're not expecting course. I'm sure that's a good point and it's probably unfair to say I'm expecting because for his price points, you know, at least a couple of weeks ago when it was in the loaf kind of mid to low fives. Yeah, he slurred and this is fine. Is it still fun? Yeah. It's a lot like fighting. Yeah. I think it's up to maybe five point three point five point four possibly maybe 5.5 possibly but not that much higher. All I kind of want from him is an assist every second game. I haven't got that. At over for game. So he's entered Firearms Dancefloor territory for your for your team. Now I'd say yeah because there was a lot of good whoops options. I'd like to have dartie as I said or you know, I went with Bali in the end. I think Molly will still pick up points. You can see that they're keeping more clean sheets. They were against Spurs team, you know Spurs, you know antibody team so they go they can get goals. But like they're against Brighton this week away to West Ham home to Bournemouth away to Aston Villa you'd fancy a cup of clean sheets in there and I'd be happy with to clean sheets out of those next four. From Bali Europe. Yeah, I'm all with you. I mean to be critical Tron in there somewhere would have been nice if I was to make one move this week. Like I still kind of do I don't know if I should go on tilt or not doesn't really count it tilt if you're considering it, but I am kind of maybe going out of my fucking mind is for and changed it up a little bit. But if I'm to play it straight which usually once a week and I have time to cool down and wait till Friday is usually what happens. I look at getting a rose defender in for that. Very reason Savage fixtures. Yeah, but I think I'm happy with just a whoops Defender and jiminez. I don't know if I wanted Artie if you can afford them is the way to go because he looked again got a goal had another chance there another header. That was saved. He set up their own. He's really involved. Both fullbacks were the Niagara on the other side was really involved as well. Well, I'll tell you antidotal story as Chieftain and so the Sorrentino and wonderlad was over and we were chatting about this weekend. We turn it just gun and he said Be well, I think I already know what I'm doing next week and I said well, why doesn't he goes? I'm getting that already and I knew the way he said it I was like you actually don't know how expensive it is to you and he said no no what pricey and it's a 6.1. He was just you know, despite his drink bad guys, like what and because he's gonna last season probably. Yeah. Well you can imagine who I'm talking about, you know, he's kind of a man, you know, he's gonna like plays the game more than he watches football General kind of way. It's about fpso. He's just looking at kind of names doesn't really remember their history I suppose and yeah 6.1 nearly spilled his drink back over top of me. Does that come into effect in your thinking with our D. Now? I know you've said the shape is God bestow. It has to have some mean that's the only reason I didn't get him this week if he was 5 million if he was 5.5 you no-brainer 36.1. I think it's so worth it. I mean remember last year was all about the attacking fullbacks and this week. There was a lot of to be said for maybe going for Pereira or Daugherty. I heard a lot of people on different podcast saying prayers Option which he is don't get me wrong, but career was over for health inspector. Yeah, but I was no no, no the full life occurred upper-middle. Yeah, I mean like you would think okay against Norwich away and how you know, well, he's been kind of plan to Seasons what he could be a good option. But Dart is the guy inform he's playing with the team whose inform. He's super attacking the question mark was about you know, what formation would was play with a play kind of a tree for tree or they play like a tri-five to treilery had been benched two games in a row and Giottos playing Center for and I went to a tree for tree this game with jata playing kind of left wing Troy right wing right wing, but it doesn't seem to matter to dartie just the way the team signed up. He was getting forward hell of a lot get into the box. The stats have been shown that he's getting a lot of attempts On Target and getting into the box and just the eye test would show you that anyway, I'll be straight with you. I'm no points. No problem holding my hands up here and saying like I haven't really considered RT an option this week. Our to season he has gone on a great score and spree as of lace. That's really made me go. Yeah. No, I think I was wrong with that a goal and two assists in two games, but they ended up because she's treating the sheets in a row before that. So that brings me to like why I think Bali coming back has given Daugherty a massive like strengthening his position as an FBI lab should because wolves are capable of keeping us clean sheets now we were both wrong last week, and I know we'll get to her brain sheets later on. On but I know I often don't remember what I picked. I do remember I picked up was defending that we could kind of true true a curveball out there and said no, I don't think Spurs are gonna score I was wrong with that. I didn't think they would either but no they got to so I put my hands up there but I do take I still think basically that wolves are a good shout for clean sheets going forward, especially in the next four game weeks, but moving swiftly on just to draw a quick attention to my low point of the of the weekend. It's Mess we haven't really touched on yet, but it was another just a little kick in the nuts. When you look at my Seattle you look at variety. You look at like the blank that was there. Anyway, you know with your city and Sheffield United assets Canada hideo and one suffering it Danny fucking's rested. Yeah. That was I was like, are you kidding me? Hey go see Nick poke and another ten pointer. No, I'm not that bitter. I do. I did see that Nick Pope is two highest-scoring. Yeah goalkeeper and if PL now and I was kind of gonna remember I had put up for the vote. Majority season and for some reason I went to McCarty fixtures is why you went fixtures and price. I think I was going to make half a mil somewhere but too much like she kind of do a mind that if he wasn't a highly owned it would be I wouldn't be annoyed personally, but he is damaging my rank. That's fair to say but no dining's being arrested. That was a shock. I wasn't expecting that. They had still had time. Yeah. Apparently he had a an injury concern and you know, Ralph Hassan who decided not to mention these press conferences. Mention the pregame that I had any existence at T. We've been kind of lonely use them of I have to he's been managing an injury where the fuck did this come from. I didn't know about this, but I'll tell you now Sheamus. This is my new thoughts on the situation. I think we're seeing as how I'm gonna get and safe but they're not that's an I thought they were I was looking at an old he's probably rotating it because they're safe and I looked was like don't like 33 points or maybe 34. No, but he knows like vlookups Samson's fixtures like Newcastle Norwich Watford in the next 4 now to do. You have a salon City kind of in two of the next five but their points there put the games they can pick up points. And if they need to pick a day need to secure like another six points really yet to be discovered to be to be happy to be safe. Why not try and get that against West Ham. Like if you start losing the teams that are around you West Hammer back like in the mix now to survive but it wasn't rotation wasn't the reason he did it was rotation is it was because there was a knock I know but then be scored as well and he did and that's great. From an Irish. Yeah, I think the saint of absolutely was a good finish. I mean between Shane long and up with Amy likes at Hampton and just becoming Sunderland early. Yeah only coming. Well, yeah put us through things together. You've got some real and drove up seven years ago. But yeah, just just quickly touch on that anything. I would be more concerned that he's looking towards the euros and that maybe he doesn't want to bust himself before the end of the season because he I'm not like again, I don't want to throw salt in the guy and I don't know if it's incredible. Insulting but I'm looking at realistically what would be going in on in my mind if I was a Daniel's right now, very strong contention to be called up to us. I don't know anyone get too involved in kind of had seen what yeah and and you know, analyzing what dyneins might be thinking of I mean, I guess you could say that book with all the injuries that they have a trash word and Kane kind of struggling out injured at the moment and how to do who knows how long that will take for them to come back variety retired and Tammy Abraham kind of It as well and in poor form as well recently don't think there's a chance things might like just not want to I didn't think it was awesome tension, but maybe I don't think so. I think he's kind of given compagnies always injuries now as well, you know, yeah, okay fair enough, we won't we won't taken at Toulon and put yeah, I think we can we can move away from game week 28 a little bit. Now we've done we've dealt with us and yeah, there was a few things in it, but there's a lot more stings to come but right now we got the drunk tank. Hey, we put out. The questions are the call for questions this week, which we did in last week apologies, but we haven't got a ton of questions that we got a lot of questions here that I have any way that we can go through with rub it in Timmins and I need lessons these just as a whatever kind of get my get this out the way excuse already. I don't I haven't read these questions. I got a pretty late this morning and fair play to you you did put out the call a question. So I was happy to see a little when I woke up but these are going to be gut instinct answers on. I am not going to be able to Twitter not exactly a lot of them are you know, what do we think of these guys and we might have touched on some of these guys. That's not where it Connor Kelly's question. That's at Concord score FPL. We've got to free transfers and 1.9 million the bank. This is kind of one of these well, like what to do my thing so we can respond to him and on Twitter, but let's mention it here. I'm gonna assume you want to destroy the drunk tank. Yeah to free transfers 1.9 million the bank he's got free hit bench boots and a second wild card to play. He's killing it. He's overall rank is So the top three k or two nine nine trees so fair play Connor absolutely fucking smash the season because I don't like I know that he's been around since I think this season especially in terms of the episodes in Vegas. He's been a pretty regular listener and it's great to see him doing so fucking well. Yeah pretty sure last season as well. He was he was always liking and sharing it. So yeah, she's fine. You Connor. My memory doesn't go all the way but yeah, certainly this he's even killing it this season and I'm going to put it down to his listening to this part and going okay. Guys are doing this. I'm going to the office I was trying to do that softly. That was that was what I was hinting at there. But you know, I can appreciate that. You just you're like a brick through a window Sheamus. He's question for us is would we stick or twist with vardy now you have variety. So this is really important for you are relevant to you. He's tempted to get in Alba. I just want to wait until the next FA Cup four games to be complete to see who blinks we're so obviously he's waiting for that. He's where he's blowing his rankers. I think when you're up that high you definitely always are yeah just play A the game you're playing Connor worry about that in the last five game weeks for I don't worry about that. Don't even worry about that because yeah just attack it. I found the one season I did well is when I was doing well, I was like nah, I'm just going to keep playing my game and trying to attack it and I wasn't worrying about it and I ended up just improving my rank. Yeah, and then order Seasons when I was doing well and I was worrying about it and make sure to make the defensive moves. That's when I start going down. He's got his team up here. So if you want to have a look at that, he's got I don't need to his question was Verity. Does he stick or To add variety. Yeah, and I'm looking at the fixtures. And as you said it is extremely significant for me in terms of what do I do because I haven't and we've been told today Brendan Rodgers has basically come out today and told her that he is most likely going to be playing against Villa in game between line. Yeah. So that's a massive boost for a very well, but we're displaying West Ham. Yeah, but for someone who has a very already have so you're not looking at kind of like I'm that's when I mentioned maybe getting off right away we go it was because I'm thinking if I was Take a hit. I would just go get a Batman we're back in I should have maybe just got rid of fucking Verity two weeks ago for him in his and not about me Aang, but that's you know, hindsight 20/20, you know, but now that I'm thinking he's going to play against Villa Lester need to secure. You know, they're fucking spot in the top four. They've been slipping for ages. Does Verity come back and and give them a new lease of Life against Aston Villa. So for me being honest sometimes which is conc. I'm Stickin I kind of tried to Come true it as a we're doing this here and I'm taking that loud and yeah, it's all gonna depend on the doubles. Like if I get a double game between nine is announced before yeah gave me before the deadline. Then of course, I will buy becomes a far greater option. So first of all what you said about wait until Allah if it got fixtures like that sections here, that's offensive football 101, right? Yeah, that's paying attention. They're already getting ahead of water managers by just doing that. Yeah, and yeah, I am sticking right now. Now unless there's a double game week announced. Yeah simple as that if you have already like against Villa filler can see she's you know, he said everything was going to say anyway that much more for me to add to that. But what I will say is yeah, I'd be tempted to just keep variety, but you do have to free transfers. What are you going to do with those and looking at your team? You've got Madison as your turd midfielder, and I know they're playing a nice Aston Villa home fixture there. And yeah, I probably come back and score 15 points this week now, but I'd be kind of more Have to maybe consider going over to Fernandez Fernandez at this point. I know they're playing Man City this week. Maybe it's not the greatest week to do it, but he didn't ask I would be earmarking tiny earmarking bass may be keeping this week. Actually, you've got caught. He's got kind of a loon. I may be moving to Giada. I would basically not listen to anything you're saying because he's in the top tree k, so if he's got Madison these team and he's asking about variety then we'll just focus on Verity because I know he's also said he's got to free transform. Purrs what to do burn a transfer? Is that what you're right. He did you burn a transfer is my question. He used to transfer this right because I got a fright not this week the week before I burn 2000. Look at you sneaky sneaky with your words. I realize that this week. I was looking at the fucking hit that motherfucker burnt at transfer and didn't say anything. You know what I hope I mean I hoped it anyway, but now even more I'm glad to see you getting the right arrow because that's anti FPL hangover Samus burn the transfer. But that's your that's what you're advocating for Connor. But apparently that's what we do know that the FBI hangover podcast, which is Advocate Burning transfers to the Lord of Light. Was it? Yeah. Well, I think you shouldn't burn a transfer. I would be looking at how you could improve your bench there. Some know your bench looks good, too. Either way, we'd be ready for me. It's stick next one chance and is next in the drunk tank. We're already blowing through 40 minutes. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Alright. Yeah, Tom rert asks with two tough fixtures ahead. Is it? Why is the hold off on Bruno or get him in now? Yeah, I mean a the only one to fix your head and that's Man City because that Spurs game is not tough. No, it isn't other will probably lose tree. Now that we're feeling mildly more confident first. I don't know United play well against top teams. The only question is how does Marino set up this if he does his bus parking job, but I don't think he will do because they're at home and they lose they Liam we already played Spurs went on the marina out of me and he basically didn't set up and we want to defend. And the set up to you know, what was the resulting? I can't remember? I can't I can't remember it's two are too many brain cells have been burnt in that time now because you brought it up. So I thought you probably had some I just remember when you're coming back to to I never have any information or chances are smoking ruins, but going back to Tom's question with Fernandez right now for the last couple of weeks. It seems to be very much form over fixtures. I think he's a long-term keeper with the points he offers in regards to penalties and kind of tequila tip away, but it's just as well. I'm not expecting a whole lot of goals from him. I didn't The rate of goals he scored and since he started for United is not going to keep up. I think he plays a big deal when yeah one was a penalty United do his do get a lot of penalties. I'll say that if they're going to score against Man City probably be a penalty I would be but he does get very he does get quite advancement now that that Mike Tomlin a and math, uh, and Fred are all available. He is playing the furthest forward there and similar type where Pogba was playing and he was banging goals speaking about by like the rumors that he'll be back for the Again, that's that's what soldier is coming out and talking about which I think is kind of why they were trying the formation at the weekend. I also was reading about that was this is maybe the diamonds that they were looking for to fit Pogba in so maybe that's what monitoring as well because if probably did come back and I to do I suppose improve I think Fernandez probably stays where he's saying, I mean, I don't think Park was brought back in immediately and I don't know if he's even that interested in rushing to get back. Anyway, he's been gone for so long and they're probably gonna sell them in the summer. I would imagine if I didn't have Seattle right. Now I would be just getting to going to pretend as if I didn't have either I would prioritize Fernandez. Yes, but either will do I wouldn't sell my CL just to get Fernandez I would so the question is get him now or hold off. I mean get him now if you worried about the price and you can't afford him, but I wouldn't be expecting a whole lot from an City or not. I'd probably just get him in a game with 30 again Spurs be happy enough to get him in there week ahead of their good fixtures even it's not a great picture, but I definitely think He's somebody that's interesting me. Yeah, I agree since I agree. She and FPL has asked here's the exact ones to go for Verity and lundstrom to aubameyang and Daugherty before - for now. I've told him that I think that's a no-brainer even though Verity has nice fixtures. You know, I think it's a little brighter. Hmm. Yeah. I said that I'm kind of thinking a bit more. Now. This was this morning. I'm not thinking I didn't realize the hit part if that was a straight swap. I think it's a no-brainer. Um sighs I really Dartie in there but and like up like lonesomes are playing but with the hit now I'm thinking it's not as black and white as maybe I made out. I think I still rather have a bombing and authority to form players versus to out of foreign players. But yeah, I agree with you there Sammy some sense of like if there was no hit involved. I wouldn't really be thinking twice about it seems pretty solid move. But with the hits and with Verity being pretty much kind of I would say 75% confirmed for the match against Villa. Ha and he is getting that you know rest in the FA Cup this week. You will be worried about him Nick and one and if he next one all of a sudden your mind is for Obama and has to pull a fucking a Whopper out of the out of the bag. I'd probably I'm in a I think I'm still a little reeling from game we 28. So I'm in a stay safe mood right now. But if you're feeling feeling schwifty on a on a Friday evening, yeah fucking dude old - for I'm sweet. This is the time of year to collect start making aggressive moves and How badly varieties been playing maybe it's time to bet against him? Yeah, I mean probably doesn't like I think he I just see that varieties going to get in order for five Golds be known the end of the season and there's what 10-game weeks left and these could all come in the next few. He's he's been out of form, but he the team has been out of form. That's the big worry if they get team is out of form and Arsenal. I've been kinda improving. I know they lost to the point. When did they when do they play their best Lester have looked good recently when they played teams? They got to plan their counter-attack like when they played Man City, they look threatening. Then they're probably not going to be on the counter-attack against Villa. In fact Villa did them in the cup over two legs and they were kind of struggle against them which very didn't score any of those games. I don't think they're playing Watford that could be a bit more and and possibly Brighton like to have a lot of possession that could be a bit more counter-attacking. Everything could be counter-attacking Crystal Palace. Stephanie, isn't it's really about this Villa game. And I think they could they could batter. Ah, but as I said, I don't think we've answered your question properly. She and I think we're both kind of in the same position that you're in by asking it like yeah, I can see both sides of that fucking sword cutting. Yeah. I think I twist yeah rather than stick. I think it's just got Instinct even more excited about that. Yeah gonna think I'm moochi twist. Yeah, okay onto FPL Rogues question at a field Rogue. He says he wants and again avoiding involving variety is I want to see in DD and variety playing together. For I dumped Jamie his injury was a setback, but I keep looking at that fixture list and thinking nice. So should he delay further or is he just being too stubborn at this stage? Yeah kind of similar question. Like do you stick with Verity? And again that fixture list is very very appealing the whole in DD side of things. I don't know. I mean, he does make a big difference to her that lesser team play he does but I think you made a good point in he said that you C very score maybe another five goals in the next ten games, I think. It's even if even if two or three toes or penalties that just see ya gonna be goals. Yeah, there we go for bonus when he scores as well. The question is roguelike who you looking at switching for instead of you know, instead of moving are sticking with variety. Like if you were looking at switching to another by me Aang, you know, like as she hadn't mentioned in the last question then maybe that is is a wiser option because he's Victor's are just as good as varieties. All bombing is the best option. I mean if you don't have him - him and his fixtures are lovely the next four Again, the same could be said about Giada. Maybe you want to double up on wolves and Giada. I mean, especially if things is a doe dings is fixtures are pretty good for the next few. Yeah. I think either way the very question we're not going to have a decisive answer on this episode. I think that's becoming quite clear but we do feel the pain that is out there Lisa. I definitely would keep this week is what I would say if I was wrong and he put have you've held him this long I would he keep him against Aston Villa at home completely understandable. Also, the non very owner is saying keep and I think the Verity owner is saying maybe get rid. So make of that what you will I feel real but then for a hit maybe I would sell I don't know. I'm kind of contradicting my answers here. But this is the position you're in. I mean, it's ask me different times of the day. I'll give you a different answer. That's this is what you read this partnership. Yeah, exactly. Next question from FPL Rossi. Excuse me. This is again goalkeeper rotation question. I figure he's got Pope Points magnet late recently and he's away to Spurs or should he play McCarthy for Southampton whose form seems have dipped but they are home to Newcastle were not scoring goals. Yeah. That's the first part is question is a two-parter. All right. Well with the first one to be honest with you, I think McCarty against Newcastle is the is the right answer for me. If I didn't Keepers. I just begun yet. Pope is sucking them up and and Spurs, you know, we give them a little shit last week for being pretty Toothless and they did put two. Past wolves who were pretty tight coming into that match. So maybe we were not we're wrong. But yeah, I reckon sparse corn against Burnley is far more likely than Newcastle scorned against Southampton. So I just go as with that sound and her teeth. So after playing any team owner Newcastle, I would probably say Pope but Newcastle are so blunt. I know they've got this new formation. They're trying here and they had a lot more shots in this past game but something Exactly Wasilla, nil-nil playing Dwight Gail up front. Don't raise him. Maybe you have maybe Pope has earned some favor with you Rossi and you want to stick with him if that's the case and don't turn your back on your man. But if I was to you know, if I was Batman, I had to choose between a new gasoline or a sudden clean sheet or a Burnley clean sheets. I know this week. I will be going with Southampton. Yeah, and I'm going to just double-check Burnley. Oh Bernie are at home. Yeah. There's something it's to do. Good pictures, but either way, it's just fancy Spurs are more attacking thin Newcastle. What was the second part of that question chance? Yeah. He said Pope was away. But no hope is that home that makes it more appealing? Yeah. I'm still edging towards I fight both I be playing McCarthy burn second part of his question is a time to ship true or and if so best replacement. So I already said I think it's time to ship tree or E and this week for a lot of players depending on what you can do with the money you have in the bank, but I think Troy should be somebody I Arteries prioritize get out. Yeah, I agree. I think he's time has come and there are at least two better wolves options being a Defender at rugby entirety and Heaven has and then you could argue that jata is ahead of trailer as well. Maybe the putting the trader might be going at all of them headed traoré. The question is who do you replace them with because he is that at that awkward price point where it really depends on what your money in the bank has lots of good options for 5.2 ish. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, there's lots of good options. If you've got like a million extra exactly what you know, I'm kind of thinking along the lines that you know, people have that money in the bank. I mean, but maybe they don't if you have the money in the bank, I think okay, if you don't have money in the bank you could just go to I'm not going to I got to get the guy in Midfield with him down with Tino. Oh, yeah blank and therefore minute. I think he's about 5.4 unless he's gone up since I've last note looked at him. He's about 5.4 similar price brackets and takes all the set pieces and he'll tip way but there are better options in that was like I could think of three players. I'd rather have in that wolves team ahead of him. Jatta him in days and you know one Defender exactly what I said to me crazy. Yeah. The other ones I would go with would be Looking good again for Chelsea at the Menace. You've got some pictures and you can for these prices. Come on the way down. Would it be looking at Chelsea when they've just drawn to to against Bournemouth like their form is so out of whack. It's so out of whack but for 6.2 million like for your for to Midfield slot. I think that's okay. I'll tell you who I'd be looking at ahead of Mount Ishmael has are the others are an excellent show. Yeah. Yeah. He's a he came on this week man of the match performance against Liverpool came back from injury should say and man the match performance against Liverpool and yeah watford's They do need to fuckin pick up points. If something to play for I thought you turned away games, you know, they're kind of decent pictures Crystal Palace Bernie, but they are both away, but they're going to come and they're going to you know need to score goals. And I think Sarah is a solid option. He don't want to be looking at history. But if you can't of don't have the money in the bank then I think you can't go wrong with Cantwell or Fleck as an option. You're looking at Fleck tears got a home game against narge Cantwell is just great value for his price. He has been over this. In and he'll get a couple of goals for you, but narshe have looks tighter a small bit tighter at the back. They're not really conceding as many goals, but they're looking much more blunt in a title defense much more blunt attack. Send us all wrong nurture. Like they're coming to the stage to season that with this kind of fixture patch where their whole season is pretty much going to be decided now between the way to Sheffield United home to Southampton at home to everything way to ask them at home to brighten like that's kind of this is their make or break period anyway, so they're gonna probably throw everything they can at the wall here. So maybe can't was not a bad shows. Yeah, but yeah in general I mean Sarah 6.2 you mentioned them earlier. If you can't afford him to Cory who's been playing in the cold behind Troy deeney is 5.6 much more manageable and with Della Faye who after going off injured recently. They're probably more likely to keep them playing in a more advanced position. Now, I agree. I agree I think watch for there might be a team that on a turning points and could be it could be the right time to maybe get ahead of that. If you feel like a complete punts and I was All for his parents and he was benched this week. I was looking at st. Maximilian. Mmm. Now they've tried this new formation see Bruce and playing this new formation with your Linton on the left to right Gail up front and a murrain on the rice. And with that same maximum was the casualty and benched didn't score. So maybe Joe Lynn Turner just be benched outright or maybe Julian will go back up front and say maximum who I don't know why the mention he's their best player attack on ways. You don't know he's just such a threat. He could be a decent option to look at its not a bad show that it's not about you. There's a few options and that's not even mentioned like Brian's or Perez if you have the money from yeah, which aren't bad shouts, but we've been planning on about them for for I don't know how many episodes at this stage. So I mean, yeah, me too. That's oh yeah look plenty of options. They're probably all rubbish. I mean none of them get your points. Do we have one more question? I think let me just have a quick look through these. Oh, yeah, we've two more boom last one our second. Last one Tamar. Let's put this is the motif this question all you Chieftains the last last In is Liam who's at Spurs Liam 7 he saying nobody seems to be talking about how Raheem Sterling has gone off the FPL Raider. He was essential last season. What do we think is happening? Yeah. Well, I mean no one's talking about it for that. Very reason Liam in the sense that he's just like he has fun after writer because he's with dried up fucking returns. If any of these jerseys price if he was gay he was tipping away with good returns in the first half of the season, but just wasn't proven good value. So everyone was like, well Kevin De bruyne Ayah is the essential midfielder then again, Eris are doing what and where was doing was Sterling was doing nothing and I have a feeling that soon Sonny will be back in San it will be an option at Mary's will be an option and Sterling even when he's back in the team again, he hasn't been in the team for last couple fixtures. Yeah, I mean when you're at that price point you need to be starting like every game and you need to be delivering relatively. Did he play in the fa and F is the cup final semester started on the rise against further and the carabao and score? No, I still in scoring. So like look that's That's why no one's talking about certain. Hopefully next season exes. He's price gets a bit of a reduction. That would be nice. I like seeing when players who kind of have an off season but are capable of yeah, I've great fuck of greatness in terms of appeal. Anyway take a bit of a hit. But as you mentioned him, as son is in pending return is something we're monitoring. So we probably talked about Sterling even less as yeah progresses. I think that's as much as I want to talk about starting out because why would you talk about somebody's an option? You're right, though. Lame is not enough. Option at the minute was first half of season, but just all had him and everyone in it was ranked improved and they sold them. So I think at the end as I go back on them, I think at the end of the season when all of the FPL pods are doing their FPL roundups and season reviews starting is going to get quite a mentioned and as a hat-trick on game week 1 2, where did he go now? Maybe he gets his own spin-off MTV documentary. I don't know final question. And this is a really interesting one. I think it's from FPL Chieftain at a Chieftain and on Twitter and he Is asked right. It looks like Risk Takers are being handsomely rewarded and FPL Community wisdom is possibly flawed. What's Board of your Tarts and any differential transfers you have under consideration. So what do you think about this this FPL Community wisdom being flawed and that the herd mentality of every kind of talking about these same players and comfort differentials is maybe the way to go I think feel Community wisdom. I don't know that that ever existed. I mean, that's kind of a light. You see people talking about it, you know talking lizard before will wisdom. I see every fucking scenario that could be mentioned mentioned that's true and on FB or Twitter. So I mean the idea of an FBI wisdom. You're the one that really decides what is wise and what isn't and hindsight is the rest me I decided you can J mascis. Yeah. If you're drunk, you're the one you're the the Bastion of Truth when it comes to that giant social network. But yeah for me, I don't really even when it comes to ourselves here sitting down. Spouting in front of a microphone. It's like yeah, I don't know if there's if there's a wisdom to be guided from his did the only things that impressed me. I'd like some people look at our stats because you know, like there's not a whole lot of subjectivity to them. I mean, yeah, you can make the argument of stats control what you want to put there are certain sites we going. Okay. Well, this is just straight-up mats. And yeah, I kind of give it that I liked that stuff on on FPL on Twitter and social media and all of the things but in terms of wisdom it like there's always going to be shots for taking risks well talking about talking about taking risks the team with the highest score this game week is a team that's been on an unbelievable tree week run yeah okay and this is something I mentioned earlier was brought to my attention I think December story yeah I haven't told you this story yet I read this earlier on Twitter if I didn't feel Green Arrow out of Field Green Arrow did at read on this genuinely looked into as like this is actually amazing I'm at the team who's number one yeah with the game we score from game week 28 a does at the start to give me twenty six they were three point zero 1 million or or like Roy way way way down there so they started taking a few risks can be 26 Captain Pepe that was when you got a 17-point also he got 34 points for his captain finished on 98 points with a game we crank of an inside the top 7 K he jumped up point eight million eight hundred In places up to two point two million or okay, pretty good following game. We can we 27 Captain Pepe again. Why not got 10 points got the cyst. He had three other double double digit heart and his team Trent dartie boat on 10 Fernandez with 14 early adopter to Fernandez. And he'd Pope what nine-game we crank of one point a hundred fifty five k jumped up to 1.7 million. So half a million rank. This week captained Ishmael has are 38 points see He had three other double digits got a hundred one points in total game. We cranked of one and he's now up to 700 19k. I mean, so this is this is this is a player. I love seeing somebody who is not a dead team trying to just get you know, making 40 transfers. So, you know for a - 36 to get manager week. This is some of these actively playing was like, I'm sick of my that ranks taking risks nailing it the chances of these all like there's a Forever. One of these is about the Thousand other people who are doing all these moves different moves. Yeah, but I'm failing you mentioned that like he captained Pepe two weeks prior to this and he's fixtures are like, yeah, that's a bit of a risk, but it's a fine like I can see it's an educated guess but a captain Ishmael. Sorry. Cancel, cool. Like that's not fucking. What are you smoking? I know I don't know. He must be a West Ham not I was Simon Watford fan. Yeah better high off his fucking tits. Yeah, maybe he's just here seeing some kind of future, but I think that kind of does tie in nicely to he's definitely got a An automatic Joe my God. It is a Back to the Future team job search to the Future teams episode. There we go full circle. I hope to ask the story answers your question. I've been achieved and interesting but I but that being said that is amazing that he's got 270 points across three weeks, which is like 90 point average and he's moved up 2.3 million Place many places, but in general like if you're following that the wisdom on Twitter because you're right you're dead, right? You'll see every single deal. Yeah, you'll see every single scenario played out Twitter and you're like, of course you're going to see the right answers because you've seen Scenario play out before it happens. Yeah, but the captain choice is the one that you'll see most often on Twitter. The safest captures the best Captain Choice, sometimes they'll go in. There's going to be two options and you kind of know, okay, I got to go one of these two and we're gonna be in this camper that camp. There's not going to be a big camp for someone like Sarah last week is captaincy. And I think if you just kind of know what the heart is doing and decide which moves the herd makes is the right decision, which is the wrong decision. That's going to get you up the rank better than just taking random points fair enough you created with some risks like, you know, you need two or three risks in your team. And anyone who decided they were going to go for a rich artisan and Calvert loon double up a few weeks ago has have been rewarded from their points. That's the risks you're talking about. You're not talking about risks like getting in the captain small bone personal desire against Liverpool like that kind of mad. We're all gonna be on him soon. Yeah. Well, I won't be fucking Captain them against an undefeated team. I'll tell you that much but thank you for all of the questions and anyone who wants to get a question for next week you know by now but you can reach us on Twitter FB L hangover before we wrap up folks you know what time it is it is time to get your balls to the wall all right we start where we always start last week scores visual picks because it was very very little picks in giving our points and game between date anyone I saw that did well give me 28 either had Pope for an days maybe Newcastle Defender who else may be a convert loon and Jimenez yeah and a dartie yeah like no one had sir I saw one team with sarin it and it was quite obvious that team that did well because they are on 60-something points but our pics didn't have too many in there at all HotShots I had first pick I said I wasn't gonna go with Salah and wait for me no absolutely nothing to points you said you also were going to get Salazar man and you with Trent one it's booms you win at anyone that your second pick was him a nice seven points so you're up to Ace my second pick didn't play variety who knew I certainly didn't know so I know what a subdomain there so yeah and so I sneak in and sneak into the W I mean like as you said no like I did one go from two players and I had one appearance point from two players and it sums up pretty much how gave me Twenty Eight went a little bit I think I think is perfect yeah summarization however the went the pork product again you want words binds two points good I could pick against Norwich City fare better in Verity yeah I went with Armstrong for Southampton against West Ham and for a long spell that was you know in the balance was one one until Westheimer to headbutt West Ham were well worth the money they play very well this week I'm strong only got two points so that's a Thai green sheets you first pick having won the week before I remember this you said it already earlier Bali got a booking didn't see the booking actually when I was watching the match because I was kind of mainly watching the United game yeah zero points and I went with you transfer them in this week so that must've been really sick when it was that yeah that was yeah I thought I'd he's got one point but I went Matt Ryan is my brain she'd pick who got two points and I taught this was such a must-win game for Brighton that they would do that in Brighton had a ton of shots actually more pay up front for Brighton I thought was look very dangerous yeah but they still left one in at the other end and Matt Ryan with two points and look that's I think right don't buck up soon they're gonna get relegated yeah there's a few teams that have a lot of buck enough to do before the season's over which is great for adding FB link below going to get relegated this is why I'm kind of thinking come off Jack and I think it's going to be one of Brighton Bournemouth I think Wofford will pull out of this Newcastle could get dragged back into it but just wait and see but seeing where robots are possible pics okay Hotshot This week you'd first pick this week's game is first pick I've gone with yeah some we've chatted about a lot over the episode someone I got rid of two weeks ago before the double digit Hall about me and I think at home to West Ham, but some are gonna they won this week's winner. They treat everyone against Southampton and yeah, I think West Ham I going to be feeling happy Londoner beaks long. Yeah, and they're going to be up first and then Arsenal are gonna score inside 10 minutes and that's gonna just fucking change the whole show. Shape of the match. I think it'd be a different game if it wasn't at the Emirates. I think if they were playing in Westham Stadium, then it could be a tough game. But I think you're right. I think opening is a good bet. Yeah, so he's my number one. I think it's a bit of time. Both of these goals very well last week that gimmick 28. But again, we 27 also had a fantastic Miss against Olympiacos in the Europa League. Yeah. We last recorded. I actually didn't see that game. But I saw the mess I didn't see his goal, but I went back and I finally got around to watching last week's Arsenal game and it looks very good and I see what you got. Shots in the box and Boutros I've been with salla. I think this is a great game for Liverpool to bounce back Salo. We all remember he got a hat-trick against them last season against Bournemouth, you know, we have to say on those terms that he likes playing born myths and I'm going to back him and probably be fucking bench know. Yeah, I think that's the concern. There is a question here. They've now can no longer go undefeated and they're one of down against Atlético Madrid. Are they going to start rotating in the league now or You're already going to see that look without Henderson there and after bringing in lover and the last game that if they rotate they could so easily more games. We'll see. I don't know. I'm going to wait and see how this Atlético Madrid second leg plays out for because that's going to be the big massive one, but I would be worried like what players they arrest. Yeah, it's just before the championship game, but I'm just going to back Starla. I think hopefully he plays he could well be rested be aware. There's a risk there, but you do get the joy of a turn pick. yeah and things we were told by Brendan Rodgers that variety is going to be available for the Aston Villa game I'm going to pick him my second pick that's available worst offense in the league yeah simple as make sense I would also have kind of had to route a bit for various but it doesn't help in terms of the drum 10 questions because we've bought we've gone with both Iowa and rarity in her HotShots this week my fourth pick was yeah man a of the same reasons is done inside I am worried about rotation but I just wanted to go with something too it's safer for the for the thing for me now is more likely to be rotated than anyone yeah I think he could be rotated and Sally could be put up front and the Regal could give it a go but if you look at like 11 or Madrid in the first leg they took money off early because it was a bitter you know kind of targeting going on in the match and I just wonder what effect that will have on claps approach to the second leg does he rest money in preparation for the battle that he's going to have in the Wednesday but again look this is all armchair managing yeah I don't like entering that but yeah there For picks out by Verdi mana, and salla, they're the ones we think we're going to deliver the the most points this week going on to our Park father's though. Forgive me, dear 9 you ever spied first pick this week and I've gone first met lesser after he's impressive game. He's a Rolex. Yeah. He's only one point two percent owned. I mean very like no managers would have had him this week apart from obviously the guy you Capital last week so fair play, but he'd been out injured for a few games before that. He came on as a sub the week before and and I had been looking at him having nice fixtures coming up here anyways potential option at for that kind of Fort Midfield slot. He could be a great option for me to replace tree with except they don't have enough budget. So I'd have to free up some more money, but he has got the the form now. Yeah, it's a solid pick again. We can only do it in swimming pool. No one except the guy who got the top-ranked and fucking gave me Twenty Eight apparently either way, you know, I think it's a solid pick and we can do well. Into those reasons why looking at my pot fighter I've gone with now I had originally picked a team of jeonju wait Pros. You were with Harry band's first of all, I was your pick last week. So that was your load that was and you nearly went with your week the week before that and James are Pros yet assistance week. I was a week off. Yeah people get back in this but no, I had a Moment of clarity then when you went out to make your cup of coffee and I changed my pick to Miguel Antonio. I think what I said about the Obama and against West Ham is match. I do like that's what I do to guys like one scored several goals, but West Ham of scored nine goals in the last four matches, they pose to pass Liverpool and they didn't score again City, but I think the Poetry past Brighton, I don't think Arizona and any great shape and yeah, I'm confident that it'll leak a goal to West Ham and I think Antonio I don't want to see him score. I like him. I like his performances and the shifts he puts in. so I want to see that reward and I think this could be he's weak yes oh there we go Miguel Antonio he's my book radicalness this last week as I said here and my brain sheet is a Leslie no no it's not yeah you could nice segue into that ya know ya know Antonio yeah that's an issue shows and I'll be interested to see if he can follow up his performance against Arsenal here and I said yeah it's not great at the back at all so that being said Leno he was at fault for one or two goals last week I think well not afford to could better thing for Richardson school but he actually made some great saves not game so he's looking a bit sharper yeah but you know even broken clocks right twice a day yeah so many fucking shots against Arsenal that he's gonna mix it's the defense that's a bit of a shambles are not and that nothing goes really yeah I won the Breen sheets last week by the well that by default but I got appearance points on you got nothing for Bali so I've gone for O'Connell I think time for Sheffield United to get themselves a clean sheet against again against Norwich I know Nora just have the back of a good victory against Lester but they have been very very poor talking they're relying on their full box to create and score goals at this point. And I think that's like one goal. They've had over the last three or four game weeks. They didn't have a fixture last week. So I think you're just having detox Syndrome from Sheffield United not being around and I completely understand why you want to get to a Sheffield United defense back into your bloodstream. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's good points. I think as you said the arch you talk about Villa being the worst defensive team in the league. I'm gonna put a little tick next to these names think that's a lock that is what percentage is. He owned by them or not? Carnal? He's 4.7 million. I don't know he's percentage. But he's one of the Lesser on guys on that team. Well, I made in the tick next to so that's he's clean sheet locked in right? Exactly and I'm looking to get a bitter Sheffield United action, but I might wait off until the well, I'm off the double now. I got rid of Eagan last week to get in Bali and I Bali has a lot of game this week. It's brightness. Well, but you still have Henderson so I feel like Anderson and I'm going to start Tim. Yeah. No, I think you can sort of pick but that wrap up our possible for game between them. You got to pick your brain. Airbus time I already picked my beat oh no I've waited twist yes Hector would you mention it yeah McCarty again kind of going back to fpl Rossi's question there I think said I'm just against Newcastle same for your your shout against Norwich same fucking exact reasons Newcastle are struggling to score big time and Southampton yeah they might have for might be kind of slightly dipping but defensively they're still pretty sound in terms of you know shots can see the other kind of so there you go Rossi if you were going to you were asking who to play juror having been able to pick any you know defense there he's picked Southampton I have you know really better than against Newcastle otherwise you could you could pick Pope or you could have picked any Defender yeah sometimes I wonder you know whether I am just picking the team that not the doesn't score as opposed to see mookie becoming sheep but now we're getting into some semantics today I dare not dwell on but we will wrap up the balls to the wall there now before we leave you folks we're going to do a very quick rundown of the FPL hangover podcast mini-league Sheamus I am correct in saying you to satisfy you I do indeed and we're going to start off this week with the highest scoring manager in our league which you have to go down the league a small but to see who got that but it was a very impressive showing this week calm O'Donnell the card father is our manager of the week 63 points with a - for the only one I saw with a with a 660 something there was one or two in the 50s but not a whole lot he won by quite a bit it's a fantastic week to have you know yeah such a great score yeah he Captain Fernandez he had Culvert loon he had the other Fernandez so he's a double Fernandez owner that's kind of confusing so that's eight points for one Fernandez and 20-point says Frank Bruno Fernandez as he's Captain he also had Pope and goals he had double Bernie defense e-tailers well yeah 63 points is an amazing score so I'd say that definitely helped his old war but going to the actual FPL hangover minimally the top the table starting at number five with a new entrant number five a re-entrant Paul Galloway XC Galloway he's coming there at number 5 Connor Kelley who we answered a question for already on this question conch is in fourth place David sexing interred with parcel profit FC and on and he's on 1700 points my that's over a hundred points ahead of me tied with him and second is Christian our stats with sky and G his team also in 1700 and wait out in front for the last Colonel Holland Diggity weeks I don't know how many weeks now Luke Bridge s 58 points ahead of second-place 50 1758 last week he was in I mean that's a game we scored 39 that's probably a green arrow he was in the top 100 last week so I haven't checked his game we crank now but he is he is top of the pile and we are having a meeting after this to arrange Mirchi and get prizes and that's all going to be sorted out in the next couple weeks it will indeed thank you all for listening I hope you didn't get to stung in the hole from gaming 28 and I do wish you the best of game weeks to come and give me twenty nine but if you do want to reach out to us as I said we're on Twitter effort FPL hangover we're also on Gmail at a field hangover at gmail.com I saw the same I'm absolutely trashed in the fucking place now as we wrap up shame is give a quick shout-out to your Twitter handle yeah I'm at a feel drunk fly me there and you're wishing everyone the best yeah me rise between guys God bless