Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this. Patriots fans though on this country. Anyway, yeah, so it was like who they go horse. I like me some of that Timmy Tebow rocks is fat and then it was terrible for a little while. And then when man income I got much more interested in short, yes it because they was better. I was just natural. I played a bit of Youth Level at home and then I come to UNI which is where I met Ben did mr. Mole. Oh stop it. My intro to football is very different. Yours I had braces back in my youth one night. You couldn't tell him thank you. Then one night couldn't get to sleep the pain and there's a game on and it was Giants versus someone. I don't remember and that was sort of my first intro to it. I was like, this is an amazing day because that way you're a transfer. Yeah obviously is a giant sand because of obj. No, then he so betrayed his any to my heart of know so the my he was a Giants and then obj for yeah I can. Then in my first year of uni is when we drafted obj and so I was a fan then and then I'll see he popped off animal. There's a lot more joy. That's what his rookie year was that? Yeah, that catcher catcher Della catch. It still is the best catch I think of see it blows my mind because he is also in the end though. It is also the pi is the rocket. Yeah anyway, so So recent notes Tom hmm, Jameis Winston has got some eye surgery. Yes, but finally after during rough, but not doing it being the family member of the NFL's 40/40 Club. He also led the league in passing though. So he sets of Records. I saw something in it was like having a certain Twitter is like some of these interceptions were so badly. I'm running into stride of like linebacker. The things people are genuinely wondering if he was actually Things like camera bright. I saw a a short video that went through each of this dirty interceptions. And I think 11 of them turned out to be sort of miscommunication between him and the receiver and then the rest of them were just awful plays. I mean he threw to The Defenders you get those ones though as well that can about against quarterbacks where the receiver just foul drops it and or it's in their hands and pops up or like they kind of catch in and safety like right someone up and it pops up and then it's an easy pick for a defensive back those cabinet keep these as well. But there is there's got to be something to say because He's always friends exceptions and luck as much as it is a thing in supported his should balance out. Well, I wouldn't say he's been particular more unlucky than anyone else when you get people like that. No Russell Wilson laughing through like five picks this year or so and I don't really know I don't let stats but I know it wasn't very many at all. He's very ferti ready cut and Palmer said he came out and said that way he backed up Jameis Winston and said that it's difficult to be put into that sort of place. Game, yeah, and even his stats from when he first went into that place again, he had many interceptions and didn't have a great season but then sort of after this after the experience and getting into it. That's where come from Oakland in the yeah because it's let's spend a few years just kind of not doing much of the Raiders as the Raiders are obviously bad for a long time there. Seeing my Derek Carr led him to the playoffs and the things that can give it under the Del Rio and then he got broke his leg on Christmas Day or Christmas Eve or something. Didn't they and it was like, of course. Yes. That was a season. He was in the wrong foot and BP. Yes. Well visit the run in other news miles. Garrett has been reinstated. We've seen that. Yeah. I did see that and Still saying the Mason Rudolph called him the N word isn't it? And I don't know if you actually sorry because it's only on Twitter about an hour ago Mason Rudolph because most guaranteed lucky interview. We okay. It's been about it and masonry looks like quote to eating it. I've basically been like this is a flat out lie. I think you said you wanted to assassinate the character or something with the term of used so I don't think that's going away anywhere. I mean, I don't think make some real also a great character anyway, so no me neither really But like I don't know why. I don't know if it's a me add some Credence talk mascara is saying because if it's not true or at least I believe that's what miles Garrett believes happened if that makes sense because if you've been reinstated and you didn't drink the actually happened in you was just trying to use it as an excuse when he come out and said it afterwards which most people thought it was like if it was false. I get like sticking to your guns with pride about that kind of thing, but you've been reinstated. You know, you probably just want to write very head in the sand. Yeah, you mean he's that he's double down on it because I think it was a Thursday night game and I think I was actually working a night shift at the time. So I think I went for my break and obviously Twitter was exploding and like I found that video and I was just It was horrendous really. Yeah, he could have he could have killed him. Yes. He could have beaten. Yeah, he didn't which is obviously super important. But but then it's also too important to think that he literally could have he could have been like nationally killed him. Yes killed him. I on National Television. I mean it yeah, it could have been it could have been so much worse and the outcome could have been if anyone think Mason Rudolph friends like concussion protocol or anything for themselves and Heat. Some big hits to the Head this season. Yeah, but that Pittsburgh. I don't know if it's all those jokes about how like a Mike Tomlin should just get like coach of the decade for keeping like Ben Roethlisberger Antonio Brown and Le'Veon Bell altogether, although she is just like cohesively though they be Scott. It's whether or not he's getting some treatment now, but through his court case where you know sir. Judge. Aw. Yeah. Just like I would love to see him back in the we can use amazing to watch player. I don't think it would ever come back though. Like I think the League's been now giving them stuff when they're Superstars, but I think that you also forgetting that Tom Brady has been sort of keeping him sweet like his Instagram posts keeping in contact with them on social media and he and Tony Brown has come out and said that you know, he wants to play with Tom Brady before the end their careers and Tom Brady's even come out of like that and it greed and all that sort of stuff. So I think Yeah, we probably needed more offensive weapons if he stays in the Patriots, I wonder about people that like Tom Brady's Instagram, but it's actually Tom Brady. You know, I mean, I think integrating of instagramers easily the person that is there as well as the sole Facebook and other social media platform for us more of a page speaking of was going to speaking of Brady. Did you see the news article about the Raiders that Then the figure my offering big-time money. Yeah, two years foaming in. What do you think? I would if I was braid it like because do you really want to go spend the last two years of your polar Fame storied career being shown twice a year that Patrick Mahomes is the future. That wouldn't know. I don't think the Raiders would be a good good landing spot for him. I don't think it makes sense. Sense makes sense business-wise for the Raiders. I mean from Brady's point of view. Oh now I can't reason in my opinion. The best place for him is New England. I think it would spoil the story if he went somewhere else. Yeah, but I don't know about that because people probably said that about people like Joe Montana like the most people even remember that Joe Montana played four years for the Kansas City Chiefs. mmm What do you think about the whole the Philip Rivers to a defect? I don't know just I mean Philip Rivers had a awful season they didn't he didn't break team back. No. No, but I mean, I think the Chargers have always been a team where they just don't quite hit their potential. I sort of the most charge of stacking their think it was from 2010. They were like first didn't fence First Defense 32nd and special teams and missed the playoffs and sort of my Twitter. It was just the most charges for you possibly in history, and then they wonder why they got no And they like their team through that and then leave where they have like a from think the new stadiums going to be an embarrassment. But then whose is it whose stadium is it where it looks like the Rams logo? I think it's the one the one that Rags are sharing with the charges in an eye because it's got that bigger. We'd like glossing over the top Yen and kind of yeah, I kind of give you mean actually but I just think because I don't know what he's going to be like a 60 70 thousand seat Stadium. They have more why fans in the stadium at the moment just because the whole White tickets on nowadays just me my all the resale Market is and stuff hoping everything. They're just always going to play away games. Yeah, such a like an unappealing thing to go join. Yes, you know living in LA and being a mediator is probably quite nice. Did you see that speaking of ticket prices? Did you see that the XFL game the DC Defenders their ticket prices were higher price than what the hell. The Redskins the Redskins games yet. Well, that's that's embarrassing. Do you watch any of the Expo we've highlighted so I watched some of the highlights and then watched a bit of the Guardians vipers game temporary vipers there. Yeah sort of like bright green and yellow uniforms might have been anyway, so yeah the New York Guardians that your dad lifelong fan. Well, I feel like the team you can't remember the name of we keep wanting to say giant slab promote myself. No not the Giants in the XFL. Although I'm sure the Giants could possibly win a game in the XFL at the moment Danny dies, man. I mean, I'm Still Still Die Hard fan of big dick Danny dimes, but saw the highlights. That game and all wasn't bad their heads. They've got some good stuff going. Yeah, like I don't know. I I still I watch the highlights of all the games that weekend because I was coming of night shift so I couldn't sleep properly. So it was like to see if they sent to asleep and it didn't which I'm gonna knock that off as a positive for way. But also yeah that's always in. I'm sure Vince will be happy about that. But also the quality is is When you spent the whole like I don't have my mom's is that seven months watching the NFL? Yeah, suddenly it's there in such especially when you've literally watch the Super Bowl weekend before. Yeah. Well, it was actually an amazing soup with the Chiefs. Probably 49ers. Yeah. Yeah, probably once the actual two best teams in the league, which is actually kind of rare and just the way playoffs tonight. Yeah mess around and stuff, but I think I understand they did it the weekend after the Super Bowl to try and be like, hey football still going on, but I think the Like contrasting Talent he made was too obvious. Yes. Yeah, I agree. I've seen But post for they've said that the winner of the XFL should get prepared to the NFL and the worst team in the NFL to get relegated to the XFL. I just don't think that would work. I mean obviously I know it's a joke, but I don't from a from a business standpoint. It's like this like that old thing. It's like it some people that probably don't really understand. I like OLS. You should play the The Bangles and is like just as like an exhibition game. Yeah, and people don't like I understand like how good at College you have to be to be in an effort to be a crappy NFL player. Exactly. Yeah, you have to be a dominant college player and like I'm not saying it it bro. Actually I might be saying it would probably be a massacre. And it's also just like the 28 year old man is always going to be stronger merely then any like 20 year old. It's just how it works. You know, what is this? What what it did get me thinking though was obviously in in America bit like in the UK, you've got the whole pay-to-play leagues. Yeah. So almost a bit like there's a lot with football here you win in the pay-to-play leagues and eventually you get up. XFL which would be these like the amateur top League? Okay. Yeah. No, I definitely think the exit valve has a future. Yeah. I'm sure there is a large Market America that is kind of talk to him. I do think that the NFL would benefit from some kind of secretary Lee which is why I kind of thought the a aaf last year had much more of a chance. All right big way of Salt Lakes. That is because I believe they were like NFL back when they like what kind of because they were sharing the games on the NFL Network. So there's definitely some kind of I think would work as a feeder League into the NFL. So, you know, it plays that don't get picked up in the late rounds like yo frizzles good Antonio Brown Tom Brady there the classics get picked up another late round. And then yeah forget a beam is like a six-round. Yeah. Yeah then exceed their expectation X Tations. I think the XFL could be good in that in that sense that the players that don't get picked up as a like a on a whim from some teams. They have a chance to show ya what they what their potential is. Like. I can't imagine how many people slip through the cracks except the exactly so I think it works in that sense. And then you know, your wide receiver gets injured go to the XFL to pick up one of their best or something. Yeah. Even if they're specially if they were like I think if they were like team Affiliated like the minor league system in my baseball and hockey thing that would be interesting. I think that something that probably isn't talked about March I think really succeed now, so there's always talk with especially with the don't wish to talk about especially being UK NFL fans is the Jags playing two games in London back to back. Okay, everyone's now told you here rather. No, I'm not heard that yes, they're going to play games back to back at Wembley. So I assume they're just going to stay for the two weeks. Well, we're certainly with that P ridiculous. But so now one that kind of disappoints me because that means that we're missing out on like another team that's coming over because I'm not very interested in the Jags but I think a lot of people think that the Jacks really have like the UK down as like they're like I'm ground which I found really I'm not sure I know what Jack's van, I don't know I don't agree with that. Although I think that's the sort of story that trying to put together is the jack so the UK team but I don't think we've chosen them as I'll take him. No, I think we just got Jack's because they had terrible team for ages and had no light attendance. But so they were they were a fan base. Yeah, and so where they were East Coast as well as easy to send them to the UK. But times I wines but anyway, that's what I was going to say. So with the Jag coming over obviously that's part of the whole interest in getting them in FL franchise in London, which I personally think would be a terrible idea. I don't need it right now. I don't think would work you'd never get any free agents and then she paid a ridiculous amount of money. I don't think travels possible just and I don't know how like committed like the UK fans. Be because obviously I wouldn't say the James moved and become the lamp Lumberjacks London Jaguars. I wouldn't become a jack stand over to be a Denver fan and I've shown to be a giant. Yeah, and I would you know, I'd maybe go to a few games because you know getting watch NFL Draft. Yeah, exactly America, but I probably go watch has a neutral or root for whatever teams visiting or whichever team. I'm more interested. Yes. Yeah agreed. Yeah. So what I think speech Special especially there we go on the topic of like feeding League. I think that NFL Europe should be restarted. I think that is the way forward. Like is actually it failed because the interest fell apart because it was never really there anyway, and like well there was interest because he was kind of popping here in the eighties and then it kind of waned I think an NFL Europe would be a really good idea again. Especially if they were like Affiliated because immediately now you see any grown so hundred percent. I've believed you could have easily free teams in the UK that would put them in like well, you would always get one in London get like one in Tottenham Stadium. I'm no monk maybe one in like Manchester and then put one up in that Glasgow or something. We got the London Warriors already that Premiership. Yeah, but I mean if they were like if these were like NFL Phillies as well. I think it would work and then obviously there's a huge interest in the game of Germany as well. And then I think there's quite a lot in Scandinavia as well as and then I think the issue with feeder leagues hmm like bit like with the XFL. It's all great thinking that you know an NFL team can go to the Excel Excel and pick up a really good player that they need which I'm sure will happen. But the the issue is the XFL are going to want to release that player. Yeah, but I don't know how their contracts work. I would I don't know I would imagine that most players that are in the XFL are in the Excel to get back into the NFL or get into the NFL. Who's the Ohio State quarterback? That's the DC Defenders while now. No I did hard. Cardale Jones. That's it. Okay, he like is it was one of the first I think you might be the first pick. It's like he has been like kind of poster boy for you, but there is no way he if he gets like a potential sniffer a backup NFL job this year and he can't get out of his contract or whatever but he's going to be that knob to it's the exit filming to see this project out. Oh, I don't I don't I don't think from The Players Point of View. They're gonna say, oh not commit to the XFL I think from the team owners and you know, the league commissioner there is no see ya. It's all it's all the league. It's not like franchised if they're not going to be team owners at all. No, I don't think so. I think the plan is to the XFL owns every team. It's not like franchised out like the NFL with that every team is owned by the XFL. So I would drive into it man. Yes. Okay. So then that's what teams run by the head coach. Yeah, and then he team to run by the head coach general manager. Okay, if I guess makes sense Chewie yum, get back to the NFL so that should be some football because at the moment we're probably gonna become the UK's leading Exeter podcast, which is which if you know might be a probably I mean kind of small Market we didn't technically say NFL we said American. Yeah. Well, so that's true in all bases. Yeah. We don't make yourself too niche in case the XFL. I thought of part XFL is strong and solid we could we could trust in them and if the waffle fight any point the elephant Full path and so the world's coolest man, Joe borrow a little like smoke October. Oh that picture or the cool man. Anyway, he's obviously going to The Bangles poor man. I've done I really because I don't think that Bangles are that much on come on as a she really. I mean if you know that bad, I didn't the owners that bad. Yeah. I know he's old-fashioned of things. But I think that Taylor is pretty good the head coach that that Bangles team were playing hard towards the end of the year. He's only going to do good. Isn't it? He's not gonna like bring them down. Oh, yeah, that's true. But yeah, and then he got the Redskins at number two, which is somewhere you really not want to go that's a bad situation. But it's your Chase young the highest a time which much of his footage but everything you've got hearing say about him is he is the best player in the draft has some sleep as we've talked about I think he's the most Shore plan. Yeah. Yeah, I think that is what most people think he's probably the best but it's just like an elite corps. Yeah, but and leap pass rushers only gonna get you so far like last couple of years or Millet still been incomplete pass rusher for Denver's little bit about dating like the callbacks just the callbacks just more important. There's no black two ways about it. Anyway, thanks furthers. The Dolphins furred benefiting to take to her which node whose third I thought they were meant for Take 2 @ V. All I know is the Giants have got this sweet sweet fourth spot. Oh, no third Lions. That's it. That's it is they are the most forgettable doing NFL. I just find him. They've got Bland uniforms that like blue and silver like Matthew Stafford is good. But the rest of the team just so he had a good beginning of the Season though. He was really wondering there was all those rumors that they might get rid of it, which I think would be a terrible thing today. I think he's a dog. He's a French at school that I like it. Yeah, I don't think there's any two ways about it. Like I think that if Detroit were to get rid of Matthew Stafford, it would be the final insult to a play that they never really supported because like obviously Kevin Johnson's there, but they couldn't keep him happy enough to actually play a full career. I mean, they didn't even treat Calvin Johnson particularly exactly why I mean he was like F this I'm done. I got to see him playing in London though. So I'm happy. How did you go to the month lines at 90 go I did. So like I ended on a map predator-filled go. Yeah. I didn't know you meant that one. I read that would say I did indeed I saw that humongous man cabbage on catch some balls. How big is he? Like? Is he huge? He 6/8 know some other six eight six seven. You're really there is large but I was thinking like 6-2 6-3. Oh, no, he's big. That looking what Malcolm a just now everyone's listening to who can time this last six foot five. Okay. Well, he's a large man but six or eight like NBA sized. I mean he yeah, he looks 68 on camera. He looks 608 in your dreams camera 3 Hitch. Anyway, the most forgettable team the league or picking forward. And I know the Giants are therefore and then most people expected to take like the best lineman in the draft. Although I mean, yeah, wait wait. I know we all think that they would get man loves big boys, which he has shown in the past and you love that. What did he say about that computer people died down. He said let's stats people or something really stupid like the computer guys. I've had some compute guys Theresa. That's the bomb. Yeah, I don't know how he's got job. Anyway, he said he said that he wouldn't be. He wouldn't think against trading down in the draft. This is that this year. I think that's a good idea because I think realistically you've probably got the highest peak that's going to be traded because Ben was on going anywhere. I don't think the Redskins could go somewhere if someone paid like Game some kind of ridiculous Ransom. I wouldn't see that has been massively ridiculous the Lions who cares. So the my the lines could trade but I don't think they would whereas the Giants pick could be really valuable for people that want to up above the Dolphins. Yeah, because I was like dolphins there at 5:00 and just from the way is and like I don't know I could just see two in Miami. I think I mean we're talking about to accede behind Brian fits magic for a year, which is a good idea. Especially with that here. No you got the scan said it was all a hundred percent. Yeah, he's not he's not attending the combine. Noisy. He's doing is it he's doing his own past panting? Yeah. I don't think he's going to be ready for the combine here. I don't even know if she's getting ready for his pro day, but I think it is expected to be ready for training camp. But it's also like Joe Burrows not going to do anything in the draft either. You would like. Sorry the combine. He'll be there and didn't need to yeah be there do some interviews for even if I would if I was him you was as cool as him. I would probably try harder the Bengals into you and let everyone average. You just go in there smoking a cigar. I'm literally about to say I'll just turn up smoke a cigar and do nothing. Yeah, like whoever's pet picking a just be like don't waste my time. I'll come to this interview because I have to but let's be honest. I'm going to I received the next 15 years no other no he slide one of those things where I'm sure people have been this hiked about well the people with this hype about Jameis Winston. Oh, yeah, and he'll be the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL. He's not actually left-handed is you know, it's easy just throw left hands it like he just throws left-handed because Rafa Nadal thing he likes to give himself a handicap because he's that good. I have no idea if that's true why you're like job. I'm not joking at all. I've been done about the whole handicap part, but he definitely throws left-handed three Choice instead of him being left-handed like a Rafa Nadal thing. Yeah, it says, but I didn't know that I just assumed he was left-handed. It does look weird though. My way you're so used to it in the NFL but it's like none of them. But there's Bryant last person for a left-handed touching factually there. Wait, there's probably just found it. Yea, it is Browns left-hander. You don't really it doesn't really matter with receivers. You ready? No, it's not kill. Yeah, it's not like he don't catch this with one hand. Yeah that I don't know. There's all these rules about this Brian coming back and I hope he comes back. He's I've seen a few training videos of him. Yeah getting into it and but I really do I like Dez Bryant like I think because it's weird the other day about how he's Be like the third receiver or something and I think he would get you some vanilla like how he be happy to be the third receiver or thing, but I think if you put them on a good team, yeah, if you put them in a good team, he'd be a good photo receiver. So speaking of cubies hmm. I found a article posted by the NFL all their ranking of every starting QB from the season rescue really Drew lock down so Patrick Patrick behind well, so I said I was going to think about this on the fly it is now time for quiz to Tire. The name is name is the name is pending. As I said, this is happening. How had they work? Exactly? This is happening on the fly. So hmm, first of all, How many cubies do you think started this season at all? How are you? We started this yeah. 41 think more really low 45 a lot more lap. What started like regular season games? I guess a lot of people to get into this year and I was just trying to think where I was like Denver started free. I know because we had Joe Flacco for a bit which was painful. Then we started Brandon Allen for like a week and then Drew not come through as I return Savior and then I was thinking like Pittsburgh paid free that obviously Ben Roethlisberger Mason Rudolph duck Hodges. You remember that with the duck Hodges? Hi. How many is it them 57 really? Yes, that's insane. Now. We're not going to have time to go through all 57 of these players. So let's aim for the you know, the top 10 now. I'll give you a little spoiler. There is no prize to be won. There is no there is no winning. This is just how many of these questions can you get right? Let's go. So the top 10 is broken down into two players tied for first and then have second third fourth fifth sixth seventh two players tied for eighth and then 10. so who do you think are tied for first Pat Mahomes and Is it Drew Brees it is not Aaron Rodgers. It is not. Oh that's good or annoy me they've got like to show what's in Italy. It is Lamar Jackson. Oh, of course. Yes. I'm still not used to thinking of him as the as the force. He was you're forgetting something. You're forgetting his not just a running back. Yeah. Give me a sec. Let me I'm part of the problem. I think it's also because of how badly they crash out of the playoffs. It's kind of Tainted that whole season. I mean a little bit I guess. Feel both laughing available. So he is the MVP had one of the best seasons ever. Oh, yeah, okay move on. So before we get to next players who between the two of them because they're tied for first a little reminded that Lamar Jackson played 15 of the 16 games and Patrick my Holmes played fourteen of The Sixteen games. Who who rushed through Hoya. Odd. I mean we can do that who rushed for more yards the my Jackson would you know it is so who had the higher completion percentage Lamar Jackson correct? Throw short passes by 0.2 percentage of shows out good Patrick poses company Depot's he first who had a skirt who had the most passing out. Oh, Pat Mahomes, correct Who had the higher yards per attempt? Milan Jackson, it was patch Muhammad's 7.8 - too 8.3. Who had the most passing touchdowns passing touchdowns throwing the ball? Oh, yes. Yes now I remember Pat Mahomes. The my Jackson I felt like that was a trick question like a moment to think of Lamar Jackson then I was thinking he probably takes away. So every passing touchdowns just because he said the ground laying that the regular yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Pat Mahomes had 26 passing touchdowns. Whereas Mark Jackson had 36. Geez who had Jameson, you know, I took away from that Jameis Winston Fremont us who had the most interceptions and yes, it is Jake Whispers. Yes. Sure is Jameis Winston Lamar Jackson? He did by 1/6 inceptions to five Thing by he fruits. Bad ones as well as some point but just you know trying to do to the other platform homes. Yeah, actually, okay. Thanks April. Okay moving on from those two in at number 3. Drew Brees, it's Russell Wilson. I don't know I don't know really. Yeah, he seems fake like he does that whole like clean-cut nice guy persona. I don't think that he's up sewn up from all accounts. I've seen and heard gee I think he is that nice. I think I'll space mode. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. So in at number 4 Drew Brees you are Is rebate cover first ever made in Italy? Anyway number 5. Good luck. No, I shall not say yes. I'm going to give you a spoiler here Drew lock is not in the top 10. I'm not sure we can do anything else in business, but he's clearly it's clear for has clearly held high. Yes cleavage put together by someone who clearly we put together. Well pop. The reason why I wanted to get your opinion and answers on this top 10 is because some summer a little bit how God is he 57? It's true. It's true. She said top of the list. You can so number six. number 6 you preface it preface prefaced it with saying that line with caveat about them being a bit surprising. Totally say Tannehill. It is indeed Tannehill. He was good though. He was but I often tell my head I wouldn't give him sick. Oh, no, I won't call it safe. We've got him above Aaron Rodgers Kirk Cousins. So number seven is Aaron Rodgers is indeed. Tied for 8th Kirk Cousins is indeed. Who's he tied with? Oh, so good year. Trying to go through the divisions. Brady not Donald not it's not Josh Allen. So business after Anna he'll want to read them their covid which there I'll give you a hint. We've discussed him already today. It's Jameis Winston. It's not a Jehovah's Witness Drew Brees. True, please. Tell me have Stevens and up see it there in the NFC. Yes. Is it the Matthew Stafford? It is indeed and then in at 10th, hmm. Oh, no. Yeah, that was a question. It's worried if people to register for folks like yet waiting number 10 10 who would be 10. Is it Drew Brees? That's a number terrorizing like Drew Brees is in all of the top ten spots taysom Hill. Like them. Oh, yeah, because Drew Brees was injured as well this year. It really was the year for QV injuries. It was the backup here. Yeah. Number 10. I'll give you a hint. It wasn't a backup. Is it Jimmy J? No, I have no idea. It was a cut and went. Oh, yes. I was like thinking my way from my divisions. I was like NFC East now there were terrible. I mean Just the man that cannot survive a playoff game. It is a custom. When's the poor guy a photographer? That was a nasty here. Then we got to see four year old Josh McCown money around that was entertaining. Hui the 57th 57th, it is one second. Let me scroll quite far down this list. They give the holiday will Grier will Grier and Furs. He has like a stupid Mohawk. I mean you went to West Virginia I believe. Please kind of do you know this is the kind of pointless knowledge that if he actually went to West Virginia are gonna be so happy. I'm going to make sure I'm going to Google I can tell you though in his first start great threw three interceptions and took five sacks in a second start. Yeah. He went to West Virginia. How do you know that? Why do you know that? This is the kind of stuff that just sticks in your head, you know life skills financial management. Where will Grier went to University? That's it? Yeah, you didn't have a ton of great start. He's 56 if I know but they look folk deep folk. He played for the Jets. He did you pay for the Jets and potentially the worst I've ever seen in my life. That was Ben and Sam Donald had Mono. He didn't have Mana Duke folk no idea where he went to college disappointed myself. Well that ruins our next segment. We just go through every player and where they would tickle. Yeah, I feel like I've let you down and all three of our listeners. Sorry, sorry Mom. It's so bad. Bum. So 11th 11th? God now, I'm just starting to not be able to fit it Jimmy J. It's not the man looking for a lot of money. A lot of my all right a new stack Prosecco that Fresco he went to Mississippi State. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Okay, quick fart. 1212 Jimmy J. No matter on this is Jimmy G disrespect. It's going to get worse 13th 13th. Buffy stuff we've already had about hey, does he ate yes who are missing from the NFC North? Oh, yeah Mitch. Risky is not him Brady. Kaya Marie quiet what? Yes 40 kind of Marina 13th, which is really up this 14th traffic by I'm trying running out of players and she is it Jimmy J. No, it's Tom Brady Tom Brady about Jimmy G who put together this list. So it's between for people that have been pronouncing this wrong Bump Yuri blah. Yeah, Phyllis and path. No idea so they had him in respective order 13th 15th 16th and 13th Place. So he ended up 14th which TVG 1550 he comes in just behind Brady but familiar a familiar feeling. I'm sure ya nah this year though. That's true God that's like that's bad. Jibiji was good. I didn't watch them all by watching the majority of games of the good teams like the Niners. I think I probably watched all the nine. It's going to tip. Maybe if you are like gaming 40 because you know, Shift work sometimes even better day and Jimmy G was good. He just wasn't asked to be good that officer which is like a negative. I can't believe that 15th. Yeah, Jimmy G. And what's the most outrageous thing I've seen on this list, Jameis Winston. Is twenty second twenty second outrageous in what white man, but that are which direction is set is over Bridges because that's that's exactly legislate how random is season? There's been this man set a record for 30 and 30. No one else has done this time and he led the league in Boston exactly and next year. He's going to do it even more better. Even if you've got Lasik like it was clicked. He's going to do it even more better. Feel safe. Tampa Bay defense. He's going to do it even more better next season. He's going to he's going to be even better. He has no hard really. It's like just has to throw at her place. Yeah, dude, but I wasn't there to step that. I wanted these games. He could he would have got back EV right in he threw the ball hair back like one of them was just insane. And then where's better than guys Danny X is 23rd. We're screwed up. To love once now I'm going to scroll further down pouch. He is 29th. Okay, it's not too bad. I'll take that. I mean, I think if you're within the the top day to yeah, it is proven your stuff to do, you know, I realized I was thinking about this the other day. No because obviously the Chiefs won their first Super Bowl. Yeah, as of them fan am I basically Why New York Jets fan was like 15 years ago in like 2001 having no idea the 15 years of misery. Well, I'm 19 years are either is about to be Unleashed upon by a dynasty, I guess. So, yeah, like their greatest achievement in 20 years is be in their division rival in the playoffs once Is that my future? I'm not going to say isn't because it's not like it is really where he is. Because he's so good. I mean that ends my little quiz section and on that sad note about me lamenting my potentially next 20 years American football fan. I'm going to probably say that's going to wrap up the first ever Edition fourth down podcast. So to whoever actually found this listen to the enjoy it I hope you stick with us, maybe share a friend. It's pretty much the only way we're going to grow really and I hope you do it and we will Back eventually maybe probably anyway. Thank you all so much for listening. Thank you very much for Tom and Deb favorite jewelry on