Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to Street and headlines.com to check out more stuff just like this. Number 10 Soviet gift to the u.s. Found to be bugged 1952 the Soviet organization young Pioneers gave the US ambassador to Moscow the gift of a large wooden replica of the Great Seal of the u.s. In 1945 it hung in the ambassador's study until it was discovered in 1952 to contain a microphone and radio transmitter the treachery exposed by a gift of friendship and peace having actually been a trojan horse was embarrassing for the Soviets and a propaganda coup for the u.s. Nine us caught spying on Germany again in 2014, Angela Merkel. The chancellor of Germany was irritated by revelations in 2013 that the u.s. NSA spy agency had been monitoring her cell phone and otherwise spying on her and Germany this happened when German Security Forces discovered the CIA was still spying on Germany Merkel expelled the CIA station Chief and relations between the US and Germany have become even more strained number eight weapons of mass destruction in Iraq 2003. three convinced that Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein must have had a nuclear program in place and stockpiles of chemical and or biological weapons the Bush Administration pressured the CIA into providing evidence of such activity the CIA in an apparent desire to please the boss instead of properly analyzing data gave a false report that Iraq did indeed have weapons of mass destruction the US Congress authorized the invasion of Iraq based on this erroneous report and no weapons of mass destruction were ever found the blunder cost the Thousands dead and maimed over a trillion dollars worldwide respect and killed over 100,000 Iraqis on top of it. All Iraq is now a hotbed of terrorism when it was not before The Invasion number seven failed attempts to kill Castro in the 1960s despite years of denials in 1975. It was revealed that the United States had made eight assassination attempts between 1960 and 1965 on Fidel Castro. The leader of Cuba not only did this show that the u.s. Was lying, but also that they didn't follow International. National law some of the more goofy methods attempted to take out Castro included exploding cigars poisoned cigars poisoned scuba suits a hypodermic needle disguised as a ballpoint pen and blowing him up while visiting a museum to further the embarrassment. None of the attempts were successful number six Israeli attacks us spy ship 1967 during the arab-israeli Six-Day War of 1967 the US had a spy ship the USS Liberty stationed in international waters off the coast. Of Israel monitoring the war with electronic devices. The Liberty was attacked by Israeli fighter bombers and torpedo boats repeatedly, despite the Liberty being clearly marked and flying a US flag pre-attack overflights were so close to the ship that the crew and Pilots could wave to each other Israel also claims the Liberty was moving along at 30 knots a high-speed associated with combat vessels when in fact she was only moving five knots the ship was heavily damaged and 34 US Sailors were killed either Israel blundered severely. Beyond identifying the ship or they deliberately attacked her resulting in strained u.s. Israel Relations number five Admiral canaris working for the Allies 1944 holding the critical and most trusted position in the Nazi regime as the head of German intelligence kinnaras Not only was working with the Allies against Germany, but was also actively involved with plots to depose Hitler and the Nazi regime discovered as a double agent in 1944. He was sent to a concentration camp and executed in 1945 number. or German agents surrender and are captured in the u.s. In 1942 a Nazi plot to land 8 spies and saboteurs on us soil by U-Boat initially went well with the men being safely landed things quickly went wrong as an unarmed US Coast Watcher ran into one of the spies the Spy threatened and bribed the American with 260 dollars of counterfeit money, but the American immediately reported the encounter realizing the mission was compromised the German spy contacted the FBI and ratted out his mission and the other sighs all of whom were arrested within two weeks all eight were found guilty by military tribunals and six were executed number three Snowden reveals us spies and allies 2013 a contract computer geek employed by the US super-secret spy agency Snowden revealed to the world that the u.s. Was spying on friend and foe alike even normal Americans not suspected of terrorism and without any legal warrant highly embarrassing and giving terrorists a heads up on us-- techniques to monitor terrorists snowden's Revelations. Nations seriously compromised American anti-terror efforts number two, Israeli agents killed wrong guy 1973 in a Revenge plot designed to kill all the terrorists involved with the terror attack on the 1972 Israeli Olympic team Israeli agents killed an innocent man causing some serious reflection about whether or not such Revenge killings were morally Justified number one Francis Gary Powers shot down over USSR 1960 shot down by an anti-aircraft missile the u.s. Thought could not reach. His high-flying U2 spy plane Powers was captured alive when President Eisenhower publicly denied the US had been flying over Soviet territory. The president was embarrassed internationally when the Soviets produced a living powers and you to wreckage proving the president was lying. So I really hope you enjoyed the audio version of one of our YouTube videos. If you did, please do consider heading over to wherever your podcasts and leaving us a review it be greatly appreciated. You can also say hi to me on social media at Simon Whistler check And our YouTube channel on YouTube just search toptenz t.o.p. Tean Z and I'll see you next time.