What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to get them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us. About acquiring the clients for your landscaping business mark, thank you so much for joining us here. Thanks so much for having Mike guy. I really appreciate it Mark. Let's just get started to get to know a little bit more about yourself your journey. And what brought you to Intrigue media guy? Like you said, my name is Mark Morrison. I'm a lifelong learner motivated guy was a passion for marketing and helping companies. I've been doing marketing for about 10 years now throughout my time like most Companies. I'm constantly trying to find my Niche looking to see more or less. What is the ideal fit for me? And I'm constantly learning what I like more and more and more. So to give you an example in high school. I could tell I had a big interest in business and you know possibly marketing. So I'm at that stage, you know, I've developed an interest then went to school for a marketing Advanced diploma and really found out. You know, you see see things like accounting, you know, a few other things but marketing is something that's still just really Pushed me and it's a lot about how people perceive things and going from there. So I really really establish it. That's throughout that it was fortunate enough to have a co-op job for a home builder in the area to work with on sales and marketing initiatives. So, you know things like brochures a bit of web stuff a lot of print media and also sales working in a model home. So from that and then I worked for a media company in the area doing mostly print in a bit of digital. So it was with that with them for a while corporate company and then during that time I really started establishing a big interest in digital here. I am right? So yeah, like you said I work work for a company called Intrigue we're digital marketing company that helps grow businesses going after the homeowner. So homeowner as their customers would you know, like landscape companies home builders or Renovators flooring or Furniture mortgage insurance brokers anything along along those lines, so anything to do with the Homeowner the yeah, we've been extremely fortunate lately. Our team has grown quite a bit. So we were fortunate enough to make the growth 500 fastest growing companies in Canada for the past past three years. So yeah just really just have a big passion for marketing and really happy to be on here today. Okay, Mike Awesome Ark so let's just get started here talking about digital marketing and marketing in general for landscape companies. I know it's an umbrella term for so many different things that taping companies can do to get the clients that they want for their business. But what is something that is missed nowadays in terms of marketing for landscaping businesses. I think the first thing that people need to understand is something that they probably already know marketing has changed a lot throughout the years, you know, maybe 10 years ago. The big thing with marking would be I was taught and all marketing 101 lessons was the 4-Piece right product price place and promotion. And the thing is we've really been able to learn a lot throughout this time and a big key message that I tell people right away. And this is the big one to remember if you're gonna remember anything from what I say is that people buy emotionally, but they justify intellectually and so think about that for a second people buy emotionally, but they justify intellectually. So there is a book called start with why I'm not sure if you've read it spicy. Simon sinek and he talks about it. There's a three Golden Circle rule. So think of a circle and then a circle within a circle and another Circle. So the Outer Circle is the what what your company does the middle one is the how and then the center one is why? Okay, so all companies I would say I would hope so a hundred percent know what they do. They know how to explain it. Yeah, like for example Landscape Company we are Podcast for hardscapes anything like that in terms of the how you know most companies have that not all the how is how you do it differently than your competitors? But the thing in the middle that a lot of companies don't don't touch up on is the why why do you do what you do? The reason we talk about this is that Golden Circle rule is actually correlated with your brain. Okay. So the what in the house is correlated with the Neo cortex of the brain, but the Y is correlated with the limbic brain in the limbic brains is basically anything with emotion right so that then correlates with decision-making. So when you're going back to the People by emotion and justify intellectually, it's important to illustrate why your company does what you do and it's something that you need to really think. About it's not something that you know is an easy answer not something you come up in 10 minutes and figure out but it just takes a while to really dig deep and look at that and I'll tell you one thing. It's not anything to do with money. So, you know, if you say oh yeah, we're here because we want to make more money and no that's not it. It's really digging deep to seeing what it is. So for example, and Intrigue ours is and power leaders to strengthen communities and we have that embodied into a everything that we do whether it be dealing with clients, whether it be internal whether it be, you know, just a part of our culture. It's just something that we embody into everything that we do so as a viewer, you know, just I think it's really important just to even write this down and think about it meaning your management team or think together and think of think of a few questions, you know, write down what you do how you do it differently than your competitors. Why do you do it that way? And why is it important? Written to you. So it's something really to internalize their and then you also want to look more a bit about your brand and establish it. So a few questions that we look when we're talking with clients is your brand was a person. How would you describe them? What are the top five questions you received from customers. And what is the problem you're trying to solve another thing that we do see a lot of with companies and this is actually just another lesson to take home. Um is that people hate to be sold to but they love to buy. All right, people hate to be sold to but they love to buy so give you an example. It's not as much a landscaping example, but I think it's a it's a good take home. I was buying a TV about about a year ago. He's going in the best by did my research before was walking in and narrowed it down between about three three different options was just in the store looking at them all send a sales rep comes up to me and he says so high I see. You don't you see here. You see this this TV here well as warranty on its safety and benefits and all this stuff going through and my initial reaction is I'm just looking so kind of think yourself, right? You know, how many times you said? I'm just looking in a retail store. That's because you don't want to be sold to you want to you want to be able to justify it on your own. Another thing that we do look at a lot is figuring out the clients that you want. I always go through an exercise with people taking can your client so take all your clients every single client that you have and I want you to write them a b c and d so D is the type of client that you know, they they email you they give you a call and you just kind of get the little Shivers right? You're like, oh, I don't want to deal with that person see, you know, not as bad but it's just, you know, not an interaction that you like to do a consistency that we find with companies is when their rating their clients and going through is one. That matters lots of it's those that pay on time right? That's the number one thing that people when organizing their clients going through be is pretty good but a is awesome. So let's dance for awesome clients. So those are the clients, you know, you wish you could clone or the clients that refer you to the clients that you loved when they call you love when you interact with them. So it's about going through and really just really just taking a step back rather than just jumping in too. Something I find that you know, a lot of companies do that with marketing. They just sort of jump into something and and trial and error and go through before doing the exercises beforehand, right? So, yeah, just like a few things there that I just noticed a lot of clients when they come in, they're not doing that beforehand. It's important to do the exercises before absolutely Mark and you just gave us a lot of information there. So I want to run through them really quickly because you dropped a lot of things on us including people by Only in justify intellectually, which is such an interesting comment to run through in your head and the visualization of the three circles that you provided the What the how the why definitely write this down and you know try to figure out what your business is doing how they're doing it and why you're doing it as well. Definitely some awesome awesome advice and you also said people love buying but hate being sold to which is also something interesting to think about as well as you touched a little bit at the end their rating your clients, you know and finding the clients that you are going to want to move your business forward. I remember starting out my business and you know, you didn't quite have the ability to say no to some clients, but you knew that they might be that that trouble client or a little bit more of a hassle clients, maybe that c rated clients, but when you're starting out you feel like you need to take on Everything but as your as your business progresses, you know, you can get a little bit more picky with these clients and get to those a-rated clients. Those awesome clients that you said so Mark, what's a strategy to come with marketing towards these a client's these awesome clients for sure what the first thing and I kind of touched up on this before but is looking at who are your current a client's and don't just say, oh we're looking at, you know, 45 to 60 year old female. Male anything from they're like really hone on in put names down going through what's their buying situation? What's a belief system? They have what's previous jobs you've done for them, you know household income things like that, you know, you won't have everything down verbatim. But at least if you can get, you know, a better picture of what those specific ones are that when you're moving forward and getting more detailed in your marketing. You can really just be able to refer Back to that and you know, we do that a lot of with our clients, you know being able to refer back to those exercises of going through and and establishing that and you know, like I said when you're talking about interest in Hobbies of these once you have that honed in you can relate that to your marketing. So one thing that works really well and this is going back to a, you know, a thing where it's about cold and warm audiences. So cooled audiences. These are the ones that you know, they've never interacted with your site or giving you a call before your you're sending your ads out and trying to reach these people and gain their interest income in so, you know people come to your website and then they'll go off. So there's a stat it's 98% of people that come to a website do not make an action. So do not inquire do not make a purchase do not do a phone call off the first interaction. So there you know, that's a big that's a big chunk right there. Only two percent of people actually go through So then they go off your website. And if you're not having a marketing initiative after that, you're losing you're losing so much because they came to your website for a reason. So, you know one one practice that I talked a lot with clients about his remarketing. So whether it be a Google remarketing or Facebook pixel, so what I mean by that is when somebody comes to your website and then a cookie is dropped on them. They leave your website and they go, you know, So for example, let's say nhl.com and there on that website, then you can have ads following those people and you can really hone on in on hey, maybe what were they searching? What page were they on to have tailor ads go to them and you know, even even in the landscape industry, you know, I know that it's very seasonal and it kind of depends when you know, because when people are going through but say for example people come to your website and they go off but you're not ready to have that. Back yard maintenance or those Hardscape or anything yet? You can time that to let's say we're going to start servicing up those ads two months later. So it's not the type of thing where it has to necessarily come right away. It's all about your strategy and that's why it makes so much more sense to figure out when you're looking at your a client's when do they buy? When does it make sense? So that was an example of Google remarketing Facebook pixel, very similar. Somebody comes to your website cookies drop they go off and they go on Book and the ad is serviced to them one really cool thing about that is when the ads are being serviced to them. You'll be able to create look-alike audience if you're doing Facebook advertising. So what it means by that is you know, say you have 50 people that you know have interacted with the ad for come to your website come off. You're collecting a list of let's say 50 people on Facebook. Then when you're doing your marketing initiatives moving forward. These are some of these people that have already taken into There's a warm clients. Maybe you want similar people to that. So they'll create a Facebook will create a look-alike audience that will then serve as those as to those people. So you're constantly and that's the thing. I love about digital marketing and something that really just gets me passionate about it. Is that digital marketing you're constantly learning and constantly getting better and really honing on them so that you can find those a clients and service them better. Yeah, absolutely and lots of great information that you you just gave us there including that Facebook pixel to the Google remarketing, which is something that I believe every, you know, every contract or every landscaper should have on their website and if they don't already have it, they need to install it right away so that they can start getting those those contacts on their list that they can remarket to and like you said that look-alike audience just another layer on top of that and how powerful this thing is with remarketing and remarketing to Like you said warm clients warn people that have already visited your website and are like possibly looking at getting some Landscaping done in the future for sure. You're right it like if it's not on there get it on there right now because you know, I think like a Facebook pixel it's free to put on it's not an expensive thing. And you know, the more you're tracking the earlier you do this the earlier you start the better in the end. It all turns out. Absolutely so Mark, how are these contractors? Is how are these landscapers able to determine from getting these leads which ones are going to be the a customer's what do they need to do next to determine if they are these a cause a client's I think the big thing to do is tracking right? So seeing where are where it's coming from which ones are qualified which ones are not and that's you know, that's a reason companies come to us is you know, they have a lot of people coming through but maybe they're not the right. Five people maybe they're not the right, you know, they're they're wanting to do Hardscape, but they have a budget of like $200. So really just establishing out the criteria that you have when having inquiries come in so that could be on your landing page that could be in the enquiry form, but I think and there really is no right answer right away. You can have your hypothesis you can figure it out, but it's just all about tracking and make sure whenever anything comes in that you're tracking your Leads you're seeing you know, what budget they have because like I said the more that you're tracking in the more that you're following the more the better answer in a better picture that you're going to have. It's not it's a long-term plan. You're not going to have this answers right away. You know, we're working smarter not harder, right? Absolutely and getting getting that information right off the bat like you said on the landing page it helps you determine if this get going to be an a client, maybe not all the information already, but maybe once you meet with the next for you, too. Talk with them over the phone you get a little bit more information that you can then justify if they're going to be an a client or not. Then when did you meet them in person? You can have a better understanding. So like you said getting this information as you go along. Yeah, absolutely now just going off of what you said there and relating it back to my business. I remember when I started and I would Post classified ads I found that I wouldn't be getting those a client's those were more the the more difficult clients, but the clients that I see coming into our Business from these Facebook pixel ads that we do in from our website. These are clients that are much more valuable to us much more willing to spend money it have a higher budget and are typically closer to those a clients that were going for. Do you find that a lot with with the landscapers that come into intrigued that they are getting these a clients with the the ads that you guys deliver for them? I like long story short. It depends so, you know people people ask me all the time is like a what's better Facebook ads or Google ads or email marketing or just trying to hold on and what is the right solution and the the best answer I can give some of them is I don't know. I know it's not the perfect one that they want. We have a belief system here at intrigued goes prescription without diagnosis is malpractice. So think about that. That for a second prescription with our diagnosis is malpractice. So if I were to go to a doctor's office and the doctor looks at me ask me one question and then hands you were prescription. That's I would be a would be wouldn't be too happy with that. Right? So you need to be able to go through and look at everything holistically to figure out what is the right solution and that's a big issue that I've seen a lot with companies that are with prospects or clients or anyone that I that I network with is that people come They started strategy throw it out there and it's more of a trial and error the smart thing to do is to go through and do your audits. So there's a lot in this is something that we provide you can get other companies to do it but to go through and look to see you know, how well your website first of all how website how well your website is functioning as you can put out the best strategy out there and everything and then it comes to your website and then you have an extremely high bounce rate me and people are coming to your website looking at it and then going off so there's a lot of First things that's that's the first thing you need to look at if your strategy is bringing people to your website as well. As you know, if you're looking at Google what are people searching for? So doing an SEO audit so going through seeing, you know, looking at the region that you want which you've established before with your a client's so say it's something kitchen or I'm in sort of the kitchen Waterloo area. So say, it's Kitchener Waterloo Cambridge, who is searching for landscaper Hardscape who is searching for this seeing how many Police searches there is and then what's the keyword difficulty because you know how many companies are bidding on this? How many are not I'm also looking to see how well your brand is recognized. So yeah, long story short. I I wish I could give you a better answer of this is the way to do it, but there really is is no specific way you need to go through and really just understand the market beforehand. There's a lot of different audits that we go through to and just looking at keyword search difficulty and just even you know social media Media audit to you know, I'll well as your social media page functioning and going from there. So it's long story short. You need to look at everything holistically before before anything because every tip every single situation is different mics. Absolutely and I like the words that you said there with, you know, audit and in testing testing testing because with marketing comes lots of testing to see what's working for your business e talked about a little bit about email marketing in there and you also talked about SEO Engine optimization now, we recently just posted an article about this local SEO for landscape companies on the how to Hardscape website and I want to dive into this with you because ever since I started my business, I always get these phone calls from people telling me that they're going to get me to the first page of Google and as somebody that has practice SEO for a long time. It just makes me laugh a little bit. So Mark, what are your thoughts on this? I'm laughing too because you know, we talked I talked to a lot of a lot of prospects or clients that tell me that they get those calls multiple times a day and people saying they're from Google Google Certified things like that. You know, they might be a Google partner. I'm not entirely sure I can't speak for that. But if somebody says, hey we can get you on the first page of Google right away. He's been advice. They don't know what they're talking about. So Google Google has an algorithm may change though algorithm about 500 to 600 times a year. So if you think I always tell people I've ever seen like my you seen the movie Ocean's Eleven. Yeah. So there's a part in Ocean's Eleven where they change the safe like the vault in the casino. They they change the password like every hour and that's similar how Google operates and you can't just pay to be on the top of their nobody actually knows the Google algorithm, you know, you know, there's lots of different things that we do know. And there's lots of bloggers and go out and people research it and Google keeps that pretty tight-knit. So there's no magical way of doing it and even for their eye it goes back to what I said before you really need to take a step back you your Audits and see how well how well everything is performing because you know, for example you they could say hey we can put you on the top of SEO but Google is tracking to look to see for example, how long is someone standing? On your website are they you know, like I said before somebody's coming to your website and going off that really is affecting it quite a bit as well. You know things there's there's a whole that guy could talk about SEO forever, but even just just things like how fast is it going how fast is it operating? That's one thing that I would definitely take away from this as well to test your website to see how fast is going because Google in the end. Google is trying to find the it's it's working for computers. It's not working for humans and it's trying to Find the best possible results for the other computer. So if it's comparing two websites and web one website takes longer to load than the other than that one's going to be for more essentially towards it. So just look at things like that as and your website is mobile-friendly so because more and more portable novel by lounging and when you think about Google and you know, the first thing that people do is pull out their phone and Google on their phone, so you got there's a so many different aspects of it, but long story Short I hear that a lot people phone up and say Hey you pay this fee we can get you a top of Google. That's stay away from those big alert big alert. Absolutely. And if somebody's giving you those claims of somebody's giving you those promises definitely definitely stay away Mark. You talked a little bit about email marketing previously is email marketing dead. Is it still viable for a landscaping company for sure? Sure, like email marketing should be one of your biggest priorities when it comes to your marketing strategy. So yeah, like we often hear, you know, email marketing doesn't work. I don't read any emails things like that. But you know, there's a lot of facts that say, otherwise there's a staff from Salesforce email marketing has an average return on investment of three thousand eight hundred percent. So for every dollar invested the average return is $38, although you may think to yourself. Hey, you know what? I'm not opening these emails. Anything from there, but it's a strategy that that works extremely. Well one thing I didn't talk about earlier was email automations. So if you think to yourself somebody figured strategy works and somebody comes to your website and they want to inquire about Hardscape. So they send their little inquiry in it comes through you then phone up these people within 24 hours or whatever your your practices at your business and you can't get ahold of them, but they're just not interested anymore or just anything. Along those lines of that email automation is sending automatic emails to these people and it works while you sleep. So let's say for example someone inquires in to am about about a Hardscape inquiry an email is set up comes over to them saying hey, thanks so much for inquiring will get back to you within 24 hours. So say you get back to them. You can't get a hold or they have a change of mind, but these people inquired for reason. You don't want to just leave them alone you Still you know, there's no get all I can get into it another time or whatever and get into newsletters things like that. But with drip campaigns and email automation your son you're sending them relevant information. So you can have you can set it up in terms of scheduling. However you want to do it. But let's say you have a email come three days later with a Blog content on what is the best stone to use in this specific specific area or anything like that? I'm not entirely sure what it would be. I know for different Industries. There's there's different things that you do, but just you know, for example, like we work with with a few home builders and instead and this kind of ties in back to people want to buy but they hate to be sold. So a lot of people will send drip campaigns or email saying oh inquire now and get 50% off or something like that. It's very much selling, but if you can educate people so I He's kind of think of drip campaigns as it's called the marketing funnel. So if you think of a funnel, there's a top of the funnel middle of the funnel and bottom of the funnel. So I always like to say tofu tofu both Foo just like how people remember if you think to yourself so many companies concentrate on the bottom of the funnel. So the bottom of the funnel is inquire Now find out 50% off things like that. So that is very much selling. You haven't qualified your buyer enough. So when you have somebody inquiring and say they don't want to get back or whatever, you're still educating these people so top of the funnel. So let's let's take for example, you know, we deal with Furniture companies so I know it's not landscape companies, but I'll give you this example because we did this recently leather couches. So top of the funnel would be hey, here's some of the benefits of buying a leather couch, you know, you can still have your thing at the bottom. Hey if you want to inquire in but it's serving as more of an educational purpose then They're interested in they click or you know, you can set up to have three days later middle of the funnel would be here's what to look for when buying a leather couch. And then at the bottom of the funnel the bottom of the funnel would be now you qualified these people now, you know, these people are interested in these are the right people then you sell to them because they justify it themselves. So long story short, we do email automation with a lot of companies and it works while you sleep so it's an automatic cycle the day fans it all kind of depends. You know, you could have something that stands over 30 you have seven emails spanned over 30 days. You have four emails fan over week. It all depends on your business and and strategizing and going from there. Absolutely and I can see how email marketing will definitely work for a company like a lawn care service provider or other landscaping companies that are offering ongoing services to their clients in order to continue to provide that client with value as well as educating them on how they can maintain. Pain their Landscaping over overtime and also as for Hardscape companies that have just done an installation for a customer. They've got that customers email and then you can you know set up some sort of system to remind them. Hey next year if you want us to come out and seal. Maybe you didn't sell them on a ceiling job on that project. Hey, if you want us to come out next year to seal let us know and then again at that time next year. Hey, do you want to come out and seal? It's an automated process to get. More sales into your business without having to go out there and get new customers. Oh exactly and even like maintenance, right if there's a few things where you know, you tell people hey, this is what you should do during during the winter months. This is what you should do during the summer months things like that. But if you have it on email automation, it's friendly little reminders like, you know, there's so much information that's coming up to us all the time. It's going all over the place. So with these little email reminders it it also just Helps with the trust and Clarity with the clients and even even Google reviews, you know, we work with clients before where you know, they want to find out how well they did. So using things like Google reviews at maybe you know, how well did you like our service leave us a review? We'd always like to know whether positive or negative. We'd like to find out how well we performed. It just helps with that Clarity in that interaction with those a client's right continuing from that. You can also offer more value to your customers to your previous. This clients. It doesn't have to be just selling it can be something as simple as giving them a reminder. Hey with with the product that we installed you may want to do this to it for the winter time or you you may want to remind them that you know, what you can salt the products. It's not going to disintegrate the products. Just these simple reminders to remind them the value that you provided them in the value that that product is going to continue to provide them into the future. I think this Just so many different possibilities with email marketing for sure. Absolutely now Mark, what are some key metrics that a landscaping company or contractor other other business out there? What kind of key metrics should they look for when it comes to the digital marketing? Yeah, like I think the three big ones would be average open rate. So how many of all the emails that you're sending through? How many are being opened our courage click rate? Because you're not just Sending you know, every email should have a call to action or some way to come to your website, you know, you're doing this for a purpose you want people to interact with it and then track it from there. So I would look at that. I also look at the unsubscribe rate to so, you know, you want to make sure that these are relevant for these people and there's always you know, there is going to be unsubscribes people are you know, there's a lot of people that don't want these emails. So that's one thing to keep in mind. So if you're looking at like average open rate for all Industries, About twenty one point three three percent, but the big thing to look at when comparing stats and going through is to hone on in and look at different Industries. So when we own on end and we don't just compare all companies to everything else you're looking at something like a home and garden companies. So kind of a long I'll look in the landscape industry. 21.6% is the industry average for open Rate click-through rates. It's about 3.0 3% That's something to really track when going through and also you want to have a not too many clicks on the page. But you know looking to see how many people are clicking how many people are interacting and then the unsubscribe rate industry average about 0.35 for for that industry. So just make sure when you're looking through stats and going through that you're comparing industry average not just email marketing as a whole because something like, you know a government email or a car. Sip email is going to be very different than a landscape one. What are some reasons that a landscaping company might come to Intrigue typically work with people that are trying to find more of a consistent flow of leads being generated throughout the year. So we talked with a lot of people and at certain times they're quiet and it gets really stressful and then when business speaks against hard to keep up, so they're really just stressing about that. A lot of times we hear from people before they work with us that I mentioned this a little earlier. But they have a lot of the wrong type of people inquiring into their business. You know, when somebody says hey my goal is to have 10 leads a week or something like that 10 leads is great, but they don't have the money or budget to hire you. So you want to make sure you're getting the right qualified people coming through and not just these Tire kickers because in the end, you know, you're looking to make sales and and be profitable and then yeah, like a lot of clients that we work with before they come to us. They It's really difficult to grow not necessarily because they're having a tough time finding new business which could be like a part of the problem. But the bigger problem is finding talented labor to take on the marketing so you can concentrate on their on their business and and probably just another one to people just you know, they have a lot of tough time measuring their marketing especially, you know, say somebody inquires and I'm talking with them and asking them questions. You know, how well is your you know your Google Analytics, how is it performing how this stuff from there, you know and they got really stressed because they don't have the answers and it you know, I try to calm him down and say you know what? It's like, you know, it's like you explaining landscape or Hardscape to me, you know, we work we both work in these every single day, but the big thing is measuring your marketing because if you're not measuring you're basically just guessing and you're not you're not being smart you could be working really hard but the key is to work smarter not harder. So yeah, those are a few reasons people come to us. It could be Even just something like they don't think their websites performing well and they some people come to us and they just even want to look at audits. They just want us to do an audit to see where where should they tackled or not quite sure. So yeah, just there's are a few reasons people come to us amazing Mike. So if landscaping company hardscaping company is looking for digital marketing Services. They're looking for a company like Mitch Intrigue. How can they get ahold of you guys and where can they find you online? Yeah for sure. What if you just just go to our website? You intrigue me dot CA you can inquire in with in there. Yeah, or you know, my email email is Mark at intrigued me dot CA. However, feel free to add me on LinkedIn Mark Morrison. I'm pretty pretty active on LinkedIn. So just feel free to shoot us a message. Definitely the best way to get ahold of us. Thank you for listening to today's podcast episode visit us at how to Hardscape.com for more information on this subject. Let us know what you want to learn about in future episodes by reaching out to our us on our social channels. As we are how to Hardscape everywhere you can find us and or you can email us contact at how to Hardscape.com. We'd love it. If you subscribe rate and reviewed this episode, if you're using Apple podcast or any podcast app that you're listening to this on Please Subscribe, let us know what you think of it and thank you so much for listening in each and every week. We look forward to meeting with you it next week on the how to Hardscape podcast.