Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for Annie. You fight like me who started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening, wherever you are. Again, this is Butch bartolome your business Mentor, you know today I would want to talk about. Do you have what it takes to be an entrepreneur, you know a lot of people would always say yes. I got a very positive mindset. I got all the checklist done I've written but you know, there are some more things that you have to consider. For example the word fear fear fear F.E.A.R. I always think it's like false expectations appearing real example. What are the fears well fear of having insufficient funds, you know before you even start a business in sure that you have enough what is enough is really? You want your business to be capitalized? You know, you have to have a real reliable source from which your business can rely on, you know, starting a business. It will take a little bit of writing a little bit of reflection a little bit of this a little bit of that and that is what you call the pre pre startup and how you will sustain yourself and that's a big question. So you need to know how much money you need to in order to start up. Don't think big I mean too much money may not be even sufficient for you. So be realistic be realistic, you know, I started with guess what it started with 5,000 5,000 pesos $100 we call it but you know, I know I know some people Who started with 2000 pesos so the next is being secure with your capabilities? To be an entrepreneur to Stacy, you know, you have to be you have to be tough really tough, you know, where where the rubber meets the road as they say being in business, you would entail so many challenges so many negatron see, you know, those people are negative negative those who are poor trying to put you down. You know, I mean, don't let them don't let them pull. You just be sturdy be tough. If you think that you lack the knowledge, well try to know and find out where you can attend, you know, there's so many seminars that seminars online seminars, you know affordable seminars, so you can more or less fill it up the fear of failing failing. I always look at failure as a wake-up call. You don't fail probably there's something wrong with the business. No matter how you well you plan. I always say expect the unexpected. I always look at that. There's always a percentage in your plan of the unexpected fearing responsibilities, you know, as an entrepreneur the word responsibility is always on our shoulder. It's always on our forehead what happens to the business. That's our responsibility decisions have To be made you cannot say wait, wait, wait or procrastinate the other day. I said procrastinations outlawed fearing what lies ahead, you know, you you're sure enough but you have given everything for making your business to run accordingly. But you know, however you make sometimes think that everything might be good today. Like how did you wake up this morning may not be good the coming days. Again, nothing really is for short but being in business world. All you have to do you want is to be successful and think positive positive self confidence, you know, an entrepreneur's characteristic is number one cristie Kerr no risk. No gain no pain no gain. So you have to do it. So what are the startup tips again review? Create review your business plan. Be objective. Don't be emotional break it down into small goals. I always reveal always repeat smaller goals easier to achieve easier confidence build up allow others to help you build your business. You don't get a mentor to get somebody as an advisor to talk to a friend somebody whom you can confine. Somebody would be objective and then find ways how you can Trent in the business, you know by by networking with people joining associations joining seminars getting the word out that you're in business and most especially like bring your business card make you make sure you always have that business card with you because how else can they get in touch with you? Of course, you can say, oh connect with me and social media and then always look at your car. Costs, what are your costs? What are your what are your expenses? Make sure that you're concentrating in that. So again, these are just some of the tips that I'd like to share with you today. And I hope I was able to impart some tips some knowledge in for those who are starting a business. I did that I experienced a lot and entrepreneurs joining is like a roller coaster. So again, this is Butch bartolome here business mentor and if you need any comments, if you have want any comments, you want any feedback do visit my page. Boot solid Bars were telling me that's a Facebook or you can connect with me and my website puts bartolome.com. I'm here as your business Mentor join me in my future podcast and should you like me to interview you let me know. I'd like to hear from you too, you know together we can always achieve one thing and that's the energies take care be positive and keep that business drawing.