How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a bit silly talk sports.Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some Furs to your Friday afternoon. What a treat you're all in for asUsual kick her up with some weekend Chet last weekend. Hello, Georgia react and Tyler pulls baby shower on the settee for a little old baby Olive that really got things going and I meet up with the crew early arvo over there in Mission Bay with the whistle of little bit and that really did set the scene for what was to be a big night on the way to Curry Decker. He's headed to Old elephant wrestler got the call from the old moldy out. Elton John. Oh, bull me Macau skins he was out for the weekend huge Fizz there so himself in the real Mike Lee from tornament group. They were hitting to hourly be rude not to meet up for a couple of beers next thing, you know couple of beers turns into a few tiger Towers some espresso martinis and ten shots and the boys and gals were well and truly honored as fear to say old born in mccaskin Zin. Not getting us kicked out of elephant Rissler about midnight, but never fear back to his for kick ons and the blues huge Fizz, but you'll hear a bit more about that later on than the Sigmund little spoiler alert. They're for you. But without further Ado, let's talk about this week. We're going to cover some Super Rugby some Cricket the old caps as per usual but a fantasy chat due to high demand and Quest but don't worry Kimbo. It'll be short and sharp know how much you hate the fantasy chat, then we'll use on move on to the usual Sigmund. Sorry the old magic multi better of the week. And of course everyone's favorite segment your Q and A Super Rugby last week week five big Furs. She kicked off last Friday night, and it was the men from South. I need and hopefuls the Landers they were hosting them in from Melbourne the rebels and the Landers women heavy favorites of this one home ground Forsyth Barr full Zoo students. They're bringing some food is full of Speights and just hopeless chat, but it just wasn't to be for them in from the south and this season continues to struggle. Unfortunately. It was the Melbourne mean the rebels coming away with the lollies and that one. 128 points to 22 and things do seem to be going from bad to worse for the southern men ribble's off to a quick start 21 Nail after 22 minutes. And the land is it must be said fought back. Well the back end of that first half 21:14 at halftime. She was anyone's game, but then the ruble scored early in the second half and held on for a tough when a big win for them as well, but One really cares about the rubles so we won't dwell on that too much tough loss for the Landers. They really do need to start stringing some W's together or else this season will be over early doors tough times for the men and diners. Then on set the arvo 4:45 p.m. Kickoff from the beautiful. Sunny Hawke's Bay. It was the Wellington swirls taking on The Moondogs from self from Japan. Sorry, and it was The Moondogs who scored first four minutes and they just shot out the blocks and scored a great meat pie early doors to shit. Send shockwaves through the Hurricanes Camp 10-7 to the In dogs after 20 minutes, but then that was all she wrote the floodgates opened in the swirls really did pour it on for quick tries before half-time. So at 28 10 at the half and then boy did they run an absolute muck in the second half. She finished 62 points to 15 really was one way traffic the swirls or the Hurricanes as the known with too much. X Vector for The Moondogs Vince are so many Lau map a what appearing they are in that Midfield. They're absolutely outstanding. Not too sure about Lao. Ma. Please try celebration those dance moves somewhere to what the old moldy Elton John was pulling on the D Floor and elephant Rissler on your set D impressive, but not really then I'll kobus van vike on debit boat for the swirl. Three meat pies that is a debu. You would be absolutely Fizz that so well done to the South African Winger wearing the Hurricanes doozy a rear sight. We see a South African back import tearing up Super Rugby for a New Zealand franchise, but great to see nonetheless. Just wish he would get a haircut. Then on Sunday morning 2 a.m. Kick off. It was the silly talk sports feature match from last week. We flew to New Orleans and Kate town where it was The Undefeated stormers hosting our team the Auckland blues and I hate to say I called it but boy, did I call it a real upset when and boy is that what the blues delivered? They shot out the gates like old corrugated. Ryan at the old Greyhounds and Sydney there 20 points to Nell after 22 minutes. Oh Terry black just steering the boys around the pack expertly line breaks Galore Stephen Peter fitter running a muck out the back there and boy was I first 27 points to 14 at the half time break stormers and full panic mode. And you always thought that perhaps they would kind of come out of the blocks firing in the second half but it wasn't to be the blues keep the foot on the throat just the two penalties in the second half and she finished 33 points to 14. And what was the biggest win of the blue season so far and it must be said you made silly. He didn't quite make it through two for this one fell asleep about 10 minutes. Of the game even a told Courtney snuggled up to my leg fell asleep sitting upright though, not the most comfortable position, but hey because can't be choosers when you've had a few beers, you can fall asleep and all sorts of situations, but fortunately for me, I woke up to a cheer from the crowd that had gathered to watch the game Timbo as a teza shoes and the likes and that cheer was for the big Bloods bulldozer North codes. Very own Maui old Bunty litter total lie. He strolled on for his debit boat with about 15 minutes to go and what an unreal shift from the bloke and what a sight to see, you know, you make silly. He's a lucky man every morning. He wakes up to the better half old Kimbo, but it must be said waking up to Bunty fresh siddur braids in that Blues jersey. Just flying into rocks. In darts at lineout time making huge hits big body on body contact that really was a huge Buzz level and it did have your mates silly slightly aroused Big Fuzz from that one and what a one from the blues and it must be said bunty's presence really must have got them over the line. So shout outs to you big litter total lie. What a debit boat something to really be proud of No Doubt Gad got through a few tequila. A shots to celebrate that one and hope you enjoyed the trip and the experience up the Bunty and up the coat. Right this week time to stop living in the past and we kick her off Super Rugby this week week sex with a bit of a feat. I like to call it. There's up Friday to New Zealand Conference teams. If that doesn't get you through your workday. Nothing will first up we have the cranberry Cruisers hosting the Reds down there in Christchurch 705 kick off the Cruisers coming in fresh off a bye and I'm I'm this one to be a bit of a cricket score as the men from Christchurch. ER well and truly rested old Scott Barrett dog roll the skipper. He returns in the Locking Luke Romano goes back to the bench. Unfortunately Northcote sick and Miss never halfback Brimhall. He gets the week off to fly up. Come see his better half up here. No doubt. Oh Teddy and Artie gets the start in the 9 Jersey and the other changes Gorge Bridge goes to the back David Harvey. It's a well-earned rest little chats to trim up the moule keep it looking Skaggs and also Braden denoise out in the Midfield. So potential dibert boat for old Dallas MacLeod great to see also the Crusaders welcome back jagerbomb on the bench and do z18 great to see he has recovered from his head knock for the Reds the men from Queensland. They've made three changes, but again, no one gives a shit. So we won't go there. This looks to be well and truly one way traffic your mates early. He has the Cruisers being way too strong for the Ribble for the read. Sorry 13 plus fuel ish goes get stuck into some cruisers for that game. But I like I said 13 plus to the Crusaders crickets Corp ending bums on seats section not on the lease and some chance to see some resul diesel running rugby. From Razor Robinson's mean the in following that game Fizz up Friday doubleheader Chiefs vs. The tars 935 kickoff in Sydney Chiefs huge game for them absolutely huge as they look to bounce back from a disappointing loss to the brumbies last week. They have made 10 changes Warren Gatland thrown out the form book and then come the reinforcements that main changes for them being old Lachlan bow sheer love and the look at her him back in the 60s. He Brad Weber beckon the 9 Jersey Triple-T back to the Remo and the big one for me Sean shooter Stevenson North coats newest member fill out that registration form shooter Lids get her signed up and ready for the latter half of the Season he comes back in on the wing to add some Fizz to that back three. No Damien McKinsey & V. In Jersey. So Solomon aioli Mayo will wear the 15 instead but no doubt. He led his own little twist to things and he there's a great player the Chiefs don't lose too much with that substitution for the tower as they got a few deaths decent bloke swearing that sky blue jersey few to watch out for old Curly Bill and 15 how Michael can't and 12 may have got that slightly around the wrong way. Please excuse that Michael Hooper and the seven jersey and Robbie Abel who applies as craft over here in the itm cap and the two Zhu zi they are the standouts for me. But it must be said the Stars side really is struggling this season 12 out of 15 at the moment bottom of the Aussie sides. So I'm picking the Chiefs 13 plus and this one one way traffic. I'll make shooter for tries 60 new Instagram followers. Six things sent out DM's to the wires in Sydney and 12 waitakere Decker. He's consumed post-match in the celebrations well and truly one-way traffic for the Chiefs Five Points on offer and I think they'll be too good and they'll Bank them all. Then on set the arvo the games they just keep coming. And this is your silly talk sports feature match for this round. It is the swirls the Wellington mean the canes hosting the blues 705 kickoff Sky Sports stadium and this really is a huge Clash the blues beckoning Zid fresh off the plane trip to from to offer great trip in South Africa. That is no easy feat. Eight at all the canes though fresh off a bye and fresh off spanking The Moondogs as well. So the stage as well and truly sit for absolute spectacle in this one the canes that led to changes to their run on 15 with the big one being old Geordie Barrett returning and 15 for Chase. Tear tear who must feel hard done by he had a great game and I'll Jordi bear it blew off the swirls. To go play golf and the New Zealand open absolute stitch up there, but fear enough that he returns has been in great form for the men from The Windy City for the blues. They've made three changes the big one being a kid. Are you whiny fresh off some to am hackers with us brother. He returns for the inform Hoskins for to and what it must have been a tough call for Leon McDonald Tom Coventry and that coaching staff Hoskins has been in Right form, but Akira by all accounts sounds like he is raring to go and will be rip shit and bust in that eight Jersey other changes Blake Gibson comes in for old Dalton pop Ali who was on all black stand down and offer stole. My car seat comes into the starting lineup replacing Sione must add Mayo who drops back to the bench. Really is absolutely a bums on seats spectacle. This one for me that Cain's Midfield is one to watch but I'm licking my lips at this matchup with the blues Midfield are so and lamb our pavers TJ and Rico if that ain't worth the price of admission. What is one big change those sways the momentum for me in this game in the canes favor and that is no Bunty on the bench this week until Instead in Ted who the fuck is Ted instead, he has turning out for the blues a and the curtain-raiser sofa me that tips things in favor of the swirls. So as mentioned bums on seats material get in behind this one put on your Blues kit in scream for the men from Auckland, but I've got the canes in this one travel Factor will be a big negative for the blues foolish. Fresh off the flight from Africa and also no Bunty as I mention so canes 1 to 12 track on the hat check the house on it tight tussle, but canes to get the lollies. Then on Sunday morning to wrap up around six 4:15 a.m. We have the cellar dwellers the Bulls versus the swell other Cellar dwellers. The Landers in Pretoria really is not worth getting up. Even if you're at kick Cohen's in you're still awake. Don't even bother hanging around for some more sip shit chat with your mates because this one is not worth having eyes on screens for 13 plays 15 know laughs is it so ever whatsoever for this Clash? So your mates early isn't even going to bother going into the changes because really no one cares, but the Landers must this when this one season defining game, so get up you Min from Dunedin and hopefully I wake up Sunday morning Dusty is old. He'll check out my tribe app and I see you've came away with the double. Yeah. Right moving on to some Cricket the old five-day white outfit stuff and it was the second test in Christchurch Hagley oval the black caps miss the traveling Indians were at coli's men. And again, she was all one way traffic the black caps wrapped up the series Clean Sweep get your brooms out the boys from the Caps. They won by 7 wickets and absolute demolishing. Meaning of this Indian side number one ranked his team in the world and I'll call Jamison said not in my house buddy, India all out in the first Innings 242 runs. Oh Jamison five-wicket bag it New Zealand and reply 235 runs not a great total their second inning scores though. The damage was really done India hundred and twenty-four all all out. Oh bolte name a bit early. Can bloke and New Zealand four wickets 28 rounds and then return the Caps hundred and thirty two for three Tom Blundell 55 Latham 52 day three. She was all over how good is a summers day on the caps when the boys are absolutely firing like that. They wrap up that test series the Indians they hit home tail between their The League's Ubers Galore from now on black caps huge Furs better momentum heading into the chapel Headley one day series over there in Australia. No doubt. You're all Fizz for that one. I can feel it coming through my mic huge Furs and be interested to see how they go over there up the caps. Right a bit of fantasy chat. I've been getting a few DM saying they're looking forward to some fantasy chat. If you don't know what I'm talking about the old fantasy NBA Northcote rugby, we run a bit of a comp 16-man comp. If you don't play it fantasy MBA, you're really missing out and Kimbo really does hate when I get into some fantasy chat. So I'll keep it short and sharp because at the moment she really is a one-horse race at the top Ben. And ello North codes greatest ever non jumping goal. Kicking lock has a firm lead at the top and well and truly looks guaranteed to take the lollies and the prize pool in this one $20 by and for all team members so Del. Oh looks like your kids will be off the white bread and me greens and we'll be eating and the lavish life over the coming weeks. Once you collect that prize money and sick and play Shout out to avoid next month. French stallion him third the some on scissors Josh cook and for old chicken luggage as a to annoy, you might see lizanne first moldy Elton John and sex and special shout-out told Liam phiri old Pizza the rookie in this year's competition really is off to a tough year though his first year coming did last and he's made a hundred and seventy-nine Acquisitions to his team throughout this year to put that in perspective. Addictive the next closest as old bald knee on 85 apologies. Liam8 silly. Just got an email absolute Ripper. Can't wait to read that one post show. But as I was saying she's all one-way traffic in the Northcote fantasy up yours Ben Del. Oh, no doubt. This is why you asked me to mention it in this week's episode about to cash a big fat check. So go well Dello. Hope you blow it all on waitakere Decker. He's and Magic Maltese and the Northcote fantasy NBA right time for your usual segments this week will kick her off with the old magic multi still yet to when one solve scaled it back even more just the three events this week but more of a modest return but nothing to scoff it. I've gone the swirls the old hurricanes at home 1 to 10 over the blues bang a healthy. $3.63 are was very generous from old Stephie and the blokes at the tab. So looking forward to seeing that one come through. then for your second game, I've gone to some Six Nations code notice whales were paying four dollars 35 to get the head-to-head went over England couldn't help but Chuck some money at that and then in your final third and final match of gone Liverpool the greatest football side in the world to bounce back from a tough loss to Chelsea last week in the old fuchal cup and get the winter 0 so one little to no or three mil verse Bournemouth at home paying two dollars fifty $10 on that and the old magic multi paying three hundred and ninety one dollars and fifty cents nothing to quit your job over but enough to get you through a massive steam up shout the boys. Some tiger Towers get kicked out of elephant and have a her of a night. So that is your magic multi for this week. If you're playing along and she comes in. Let me know. If not, please don't send your abuse I have I also lost my 10 bucks. Right, you're better of the week this week and this week it goes to none. Other than the me old mate The Moldy Elton John the combustor express old bald Meemic Askins Courtney McCarthy and lucky Ed as one week out. You know, Mom and Bob's were away. He thought this is a great time for me to push the boat out. So he'd sent out the text early doors himself and his boss the real Mike Lee would be an elephant Keen to get on the old waitakere. Reason have a few beers with the lad. So we head to Elephant need up next thing. You know, he's absolutely fright act. He's just stained push the boat out. He gets us kicked out of elephant at 12 p.m. After scaling for espresso martinis. Then as your mates early and Kimbo, we're trying to convince the bouncer to let us back in there. I'll Courtney is trying to tackle the bouncer telling him to get a bit of Northcote into him. Because he told us he plays footy for correcta not a great move. Also managed to leave a bit of a souvenir and elephant rissalah again. Not the best move then on Sunday Super Sunday. He runs a bit Dusty. He was meant to roll around bring some NOS for the team to charge through bought some soda charges, which was a massive mistake from him had the boys fizzing literally. So Melody Elton John you are well and truly This week's battler of the Wake but too heavy for carry on sod class you as chicken luggage not quite chicken fragile like old as at Aetna was last week. He still wins but moldy Elton John you are this week's better of the week a one-horse race up yours. Moldy Elton John shoutouts to the real Mike Lee. Hope you managed to hold down alt ornament group this week. Right time for everyone's favorite segment your Q&A and we've got one this week from a new listener. And this really does make you you made silly and produce a Charla Fizz levels rise to an all-time high and it's from old Jason partner / and he sees silly first-time listener had no idea what I was in for when I tuned in but 10 minutes and and we're on great feedback mate and glad to hear you are a End of the show he says my question is how is that a Sonia gonna win on the weekend from your mate Jace? What cheers mate cheers J's for your question great to hear your fan of the show first-time listener first-time question asker straight into the day ends, which I love remember if you're gonna listen and send your questions and really does get your physician. And if you don't know old Jason partner, / he rips the naughty North pretty hard on his grams loves pulling old Northside proud Northcote College alumni fights. Does he mean a out of City? Himself, so no doubt. He's got a bit of an inside alliance with old adesanya and the boys you can find them during the days 9:00 to 5:00 at Super it and from 10:00 until 4:00 a.m. You'll find him at Sapphire bar on Fort Lane both at Super it and it's a fire. He's always Keen for a one-out. So if you meet them up there flicking the DM's old ninja Jason partner / on Instagram, let him know you're Keen for a script and he will well and Faithfully. truly advised a great bloke And a big big fan of the MMA saying probably our resident expert to be fear and a great question. Look to answer your question J. So I won't be taking your old man's advice to be fair. He threw it out on Facebook last time old Auntie that Israel was going to knock him out in the fourth round. See you mate silly loaded up Chuck the house on it fetus a I lost the house. Is he knocked him out in the third and you make silly and Kimbo. We were on the white bread of me. Ray moodle's for the week. It wasn't pretty but for this one, I'm going to go old Israel in the fourth round TKO and you did tell me this was also your tip. So really taking your word. I've claimed it and I've ran with it. So if it comes in you can thank you mate, Jace resident MMA expert here at silly talk sports as mentioned. Great to hear from your joy Jace glad to hear you are a big fan of the show and also, Some shoutouts must go told Israel. Adesanya Saturday in Vegas. He fights Sunday our time against yoel Romero defending as middleweight championship bout. So get in behind them. Hope I've been saying your last name, right? I notice that's more of a Edda Sonia rather than adesanya. So hopefully I've nailed it and up yours Israel. Hopefully you bring that belt home huge Firs little Sunday session cut believe or techies. And eyelash goal. Right, that's all we have time for this week. Unfortunately known preseason game again for the Northcote me and week off chance to risk the up your old make silly. He'll be icing the knees too many gooses throughout the week on those hard grounds really does have me battling through the week, but I'm on load management. So I'll be back on Tuesday and will rebuild if you're participating in sport this week go. Well if you're tuning in I hope the result go your way. Up the blues and up the mighty Izzy. That's all we have time for. This week's early talk sports episode 4. How good's a Friday go well.