Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen was summoned from her room. She was told that the schoolmistress mrs. Dalby needed to see her immediately when she arrived at mrs. Dolby's office. Ellen was surprised to be introduced to a mr. Edward Teva know ostensibly a new servant of her father Ellen was the only child of William Turner a businessman who owned several factories. And a great Fortune by all accounts William was Progressive and intended his daughter to have the best education possible to that end. She was enrolled at a lady's boarding school in Liverpool instead of being educated in the family home in Sri Glee. It was from the Turner household that this stranger. Mr. Teva. No had been sent Ellen listened as she was told her mother had taken ill and that Ellen was to be brought home at 1:00. Once Ellen was an even-tempered and bright young woman and agreed to go as summoned. She was bundled into a waiting carriage and spirited away from her school. After traveling for some hours The Carriage arrived at a hotel in Manchester where Ellen was introduced to 30 year-old Edward Gibbon Wakefield Edward told the teenager that he'd been sent to a skort her to her father to Ellen's relief Edward. Also revealed that her mother's illness had been a ruse and that all was well the pair set off from the hotel to the City of Carlisle where they were joined by Edwards younger brother William along the way Edward made conversation with Ellen. It seemed that the to enjoyed each other's company as they stopped at roadside ins Witnesses reported that the young woman was in good spirits and eager to spend time with the handsome Edward away. Ways into their journey to meet with Ellen's father Edward confessed something darker was afoot as Ellen listened patiently. He revealed that the collapse of the Ryle and dainties bank had almost ruined her father Ellen had heard about the financial catastrophe already and accepted the story readily Edward went on to share that his own uncle had lent William Turner 60,000 pounds following the bank's collapsed. For collateral William had signed over the deed to the Turner's family home in trig Lee soon. After this loan. The Blackburn bank had failed leaving the Turner's finances decimated Edward then explained that Ellen's parents could be evicted by Edwards Uncle at any time leaving them destitute, but there was a way out if Ellen her father's Soul are was to marry than the Turner home would pass on to her husband instead of into the hands of the families creditors generously Edward offered to Mary Ellen to help her save her family from complete ruin. It took only a moment's reflection for Ellen to agree thinking of her father and how he doted on her. She was eager to repay his love with a selfless act though. It may not have been entirely selfless. Ellen was quite Taken with her striking Suitor and the thought of marrying Edward delighted the fifteen-year-old. Happily engaged Edward and Ellen made for the Scottish Village of Gretna just over the Scottish English border. Gretna was a popular Locale for runaway marriages. The Hardwick's Marriage Act, which made underage marriage is illegal in England did not apply in Scotland many a young couple had fled to Gretna were a local could be paid to quickly. Marry the lovebirds before pursuing families could prevent the nuptials. However, there were no concerned relatives and Edward and Ellen's wake they arrived in Gretna some 36 hours after Ellen had been spirited away from her school and were soon after joined in legal marriage. Coming up Edwards, true intentions spill into the light and the Chase Begins. This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape not too long ago driving seemed a lot simpler streets were less congested and there were fewer distractions on the road nowadays a million different things are constantly fighting for our attention Ford believes. It's not enough to make a vehicle with technology drivers need an SUV that's ready for the As of today, it can help anticipate the challenges of Tomorrow an SUV. That's built street smart. That's why Ford has completely redesigned the 2024 to escape. There's Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard tactic designed to help you feel confident and in command on the road the completely reimagined 2024 to escape. It's not just smart. It's Street Smart now back to the story. on March 7th 1826 15 year old Ellen Turner was abducted from her boarding school Under the pretense that her parents were facing Financial ruin her abductor 30 year-old Edward Gibbon Wakefield suggested that the only way her parents would avoid losing everything was if she married him so Edward could take possession of the family home before creditors could and so the pair were married in the - Village of Gretna Ellen didn't know it. But this wasn't Edward wakefield's first run away marriage 10 years earlier in 1816. He had similarly eloped with 16 year old Eliza paddle just as with Ellen Edward quickly married Eliza after he'd taken her from her loved ones when news of the marriage had been relayed to Eliza's family. Everyone agreed that the pair seemed deliriously happy together. Eliza's late father's estate began to pay the couple 600 pounds a year and Edward seemed content when Eliza died in childbirth, four years later Edward was devastated and took years to fully recover from the loss by 1826. However, he'd moved on to a new goal acquiring a seat in the British Parliament and for that he needed money. Best way to acquire it seemed to be a rich wife. As the newlyweds arrived in London Ellen still had no idea that her husband had lied to her. Her father was in no financial trouble. The last three days had all been a ruse to trick her into marriage with Ellen as sole heir to her family's Fortune Edward. Hope to receive another handsome income from his second wife's estate to that end. He sent a letter to Ellen's parents informing them that He had married their daughter. The marriage was certain to cause a public Scandal and Edward was banking on the Turner's going along with the marriage and keeping it quiet in order to avoid embarrassment. He told his new in-laws that he was taking Ellen to France. But William Turner wasn't going to let his only daughter be stolen away from him when he discovered the marriage. He sent his brother his lawyer and a police officer. To France to locate the couple. It didn't take long for the news to appear in English papers erupting into the Scandal Edward had anticipated editors uncovered Edwards past runaway marriage further fueling The public's interest in the gossip some speculated that Ellen must have had a hand in planning the marriage prior to her abduction many believed. It was another case of a spoiled young woman besotted and in no temperament to be Denied her lover while the news kept people talking in England Edward and Ellen were tracked down at a hotel and Caillat. Their Ellen was finally told the truth about Edwards plot. The teen was quick to denounce her husband and despite Edwards protest that they were legally married Ellen's Uncle escorted her home to England. Edward and his brother were both tried in Lancaster for the Abduction of Ellen Turner interestingly in 1826. The Abduction of a woman was only illegal if she stood to inherit a fortune if she came from a family of little means there wasn't much that could be done and according to many historians few wealthy families would have fought such an abduction preferring to accept the marriage instead of Sing a scandal at the trial Edward and Ellen both told the story in their own words through extensive testimony at the end of the trial Edward and William Wakefield were both sentenced to three years in prison in the period that followed Edward and Ellen's marriage was annulled by an act of parliament. Both parties had sworn that the union had never been consummated by 19th century standards. Ed's Ellen's virtue was intact two years later 17 year-old. Allen was married to a wealthy neighbor which was considered a much more suitable match. However, her happy life was cut tragically short in January of 1831. She died during childbirth at the age of 19 after his release Edward Wakefield dedicated his life to prison reform. He was also a key influencer in the colonization and development of Australia Canada and New Zealand. So great was his post-prison success that his Abduction of Ellen Turner became little more than a footnote in his life story history. It seems cared more for his greatness then for the wrong done to a trusting teenage girl. Thanks for listening to today and True Crime. I'm Vanessa Richardson. If you enjoyed this episode, you'll probably like Park ass other show hostage. We cover the thrilling sometimes deadly consequences of kidnappings ransoms and high-profile hostage situations today and True Crime is a par cast original. You can find more episodes of today in True Crime and all other par cast Originals for free on Spotify. Not only does Spotify all You have all of your favorite music, but now spotify's making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite podcast Originals like today and True Crime for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream today and True Crime on Spotify just open the app and type today in true crime in the search bar at par cast were grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at par cast network. We'll be back with a brand new episode tomorrow in True Crime. Today and True Crime was created by Max Cutler and is a par cast Studios original. It is executive produced by Max Cutler sound designed by Carrie Murphy with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Carly Madden, Aaron Larson and Paul Moller this episode of today in True Crime was written by Joel Cowan with writing assistance by Maggie admire. I'm Vanessa Richardson.