Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach Online now for those of you who would like to learn English with me online registration for my online English class is currently open it will be open until March 8th of 2020 and classes will begin on March 9th 2020. If you guys are interested you can register on my website English teacher Monica.com. So This English class includes live video lessons like a virtual classroom with native English teachers. So the lessons are about different topics and the students can participate in the classroom. They can ask questions. They can answer homework assignments and they do all of that with the native English teacher in the live lesson after the class if the student wants to go back and review You the video is available for the student. If a student for whatever reason is unavailable or not able to participate they can always go back and watch the lesson even if they weren't there. So the the lesson is always available for students to review or watch again, and there's also a chat community and in the chat Community there are native English teachers there to help you guys. If you have questions if you want feedback, and there's also other English Learners there as well. So you guys will be able to meet new English Partners practice your English whenever you want and it is a safe place. You don't have to feel shy or embarrassed or you know, you don't need to worry about making mistakes the group. Is there as a support and to just help you. With your English studies now, let's get into our lesson about indefinite articles. So with this singular nouns, the indefinite articles are used in a general sense. Not specific. Okay, we're talking about nouns in general. For example, he wants to buy a car a is used for something. General not specific. Okay, it can be any car. It doesn't matter. He just needs a car. He just wants to buy a car. She has a beautiful green dress. Now in this instance a is used for something new being introduced. And in this example it is this beautiful green dress. Okay, so it's a new idea something. New now for plural nouns the indefinite article cannot be used. Okay instead we use some when we're talking about quantity. So we never use indefinite articles with plural nouns and a is used for nouns that begin with consonants and is used for nouns beginning with growls. Okay. Now, let's look at some examples. We have Sam bought some new plants. We are not going to say sam bought a new plants notice that a and the plural plants cannot be used together. So anytime we have this plural noun. We need to use some when we're talking about a quantity. We are not going to you. Use the indefinite article a okay. Now with uncountable nouns. The indefinite article is also not used. So in the example, he left a money on the table. That is incorrect. We need to say he left some money on the table. Okay, so this This is an uncountable noun money money is not countable. So we cannot use the indefinite article with money. We have to use some because we're talking about a quantity. There are quite a few uncountable nouns in English and in the future. I will do a video on that but it does it there's a lot more to be taught with it. But really quickly. I do want to give you guys another example of uncountable nouns and in English, it's usually liquids things like water juice milk. Okay, so we could say something like I would like some water please. Please or I would like some juice now if you want to make it countable. We are not going to make the uncountable noun countable. We're going to make the word cup countable or glass or bottle. So then you can use the indefinite article. I would like a bottle of water please or I would A cup of milk, but we cannot say I would like a milk or I would like a juice now. If you hear someone saying that it is usually understood they are talking about a cup of milk or a cup of juice. There are times someone might order water and say I'd like a water but they're just leaving out cup. Okay. Now if you want to make it plural you could say I would like two cups of water or I would like three glasses of milk. We are not going to say I would like three milks that is very unnatural sounding very strange. I would like to juices that sounds it's better better to say I would like two bottles of juice, please. Okay, so will Use these other nouns to make it countable. Now, what is next? So after this lesson is in indefinite article lesson. I am going to be talking about the definite article in English Okay, so that will be the next video that I teach about and if you guys have not already make sure to subscribe to my Channel or podcast and give this video. Show us a like and if you guys are on Instagram, you guys can join me there English teacher Monica. Also, if you want more English lessons, you can visit my website English teacher Monica.com on there. I have like a whole library of English lessons grammar pronunciation downloads you guys. I have a study Take help you guys with three tips to improve your English spoken English that you can do today. All of those things can be found on my website English teacher Monica.com. If you guys would like to register and for my online English class, don't forget to do that. You can also do that on my website English teacher Monica.com, and I also have an English App if you guys have not already downloaded it you guys will have access to lots of English materials videos. Audios all sorts of things and my English podcast as well. If you guys like to listen to podcasts you guys can find my podcast on any major podcast. It's called learn English with teacher Monica. Okay, so you guys can also feel free. To do that if you guys are cleaning or in the car and you just want to listen to an English podcast to learn you can do that. So stay tuned for the next video and I will be posting that shortly. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the Reinker up or go to incurred on FM to get started. Reinker up or go to incurred on FM to get started.