But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome back to the pop of the man podcast. I'm your host Jay women today. I have my always loyal co-host. I have called me. What's up Court? You been how you been keeping it for tea on me like on Zumba. We got the loan with us today. What's up the lon? Assalamualaikum brother Jordan? We got one of my two shooters from Detroit. We got a quiz with us little jacquez. What's good? What's good? And we have your favorite seat Phoenix Suns fan with us. What's up? Cam? Hey yall already know what it is Sons Nation, man, and you know, we do you give your takes on pacify music and everything in between. Okay, I'm sorry. In a convenient place as well as there are videos make sure you follow us at podcast demand or is it the man podcast? I think I knew I think I knew at is demand podcasters. All right, Marcus. I'm pretty sure yeah, I'm probably saying the wrong for the last couple weeks and follow us on Instagram, too. Yeah follows. We post videos to a podcast man. Podcasting my weight, you know, what fuck ass to me. I don't know anymore. Follow that podcast the mayor. On Twitter and talk to us me actually got some fan questions that we're going to ask you at the end of the podcast so stick around for that. If you were one of those guys since questions in also, if you sent five questions in we're only gonna probably ask the two of them one of them. So pick particular questions wisely, but moving on to the first topic of the evening, we're gonna start with basketball first and the make the biggest news story of the past week is janish it hard and beefing Harley did a Interview with Rachel Nichols and Rich. Nicole's ask him about you know yanis comments on him that passing and that's why you know instead become to be on his All-Star team, you know harm responded with you know, I averaged more assists than Walker's I don't know what he's talking about. He's a bit more system Ian has two and then he asks them I didn't I forgot his Echo what prompted hard to say this but then hard and goes on to say that he wishes that he was seven foot tall and could just run a dunk to Ram. He said they don't take no skill. Like they don't take no basketball skill. So basically he was calling out y'all this on the other hand sanding autistic skill and then they can't pass himself this all pretty much started with as I said y'all is saying that he wouldn't want hard on his team because he doesn't pass and then after they lost the All-Star game. He said they're planning in the fourth quarter was attack hard on defense because he can't defend we people speculate that yanis has something out against hardened because hardening the summer said that I don't like the MVP race was narrative-driven and he feel like he was the rightful winner and not yanis. So I'm gonna ask you guys this it's hardened his heart and comments recently about yanis. Right? Was he right to defend himself? What do you guys think about this beef and who side of y'all right? He would definitely right to defend himself because there's no point during that initial interview. He ever called Gianna's name it he didn't and also he didn't say. Oh, yeah, they got should have one. All he said was amen. I'm made history last year and I've and basically he wasn't lying about the narrative thing because he's already lost once because of a narrative Allah Westbrook's yeah twice. I like white Rooks first MVP campaigns. He wasn't wrong about that Ian has kind of took it to the next the next step saying his name was like, you know, I'm saying picking fun at making fun of him and shit and obviously any grown man. I'm sure somebody hopped on Twitter saying a that need a cord and shit. I'm pretty sure core gonna say you're gonna have some words for it. You have grown at the end of the day. They both groan as me. He gonna have something it's somebody, you know speaking he liked his name. That's how I feel about the situation and then Gianna's was trying to take the high road on the other day when you the response like India shit. I'm so this is probably the first time I've seen so many people come to the defense of hardened because usually people cannot stand the nigga he's can't stand watching them play. He's gonna like anything he has to say but Harden outside have to agree that I'm not surprised the heart why a surprise too hard and said this because you know most players. Is don't you know go this far and call out other players games this way, especially like in an interview, but I think it's Justified like wait harder was talking about him. Like that's why I'm not surprised that he feels kind of way and felt you know, you know some anger towards y'all is on the reverse in is anybody here or don't agree with hardness assessment of yanis about the whole no skill thing because a lot of people on Twitter say it y'all is does not have skill. I'm glad hard said it. I've been saying it hang on say he has no skill. Hang on. But I will say this I think it's a not roll said John is something people with six weeks. He'd be Michael Jordan and that wait, Michael. If you 6 6 he's Michael Jordan. And I think the reason that he prompted the reason that he said I wish I was in Vietnam could just run and jump the reason that he said there's because she brought up Mike not my good. Yeah, Mike d'antoni's comments about when she said that James Harden isn't appreciated in today's game as much as Sisu the beat and he'll be more he'll be more appreciated and he said he'll be more appreciated when he retires and when he's done playing now childhood was sent agree because that's generally how we are and among were so crazy over. Hey this guy there's a guy bring. Oh, he don't have a ring. Oh, he lost in the playoffs. Yeah. He ain't good. Like we just so upset with that the last time we forget how you know, just appreciate how good a player he is at the actual game, but I don't agree with James Harden assessment because there's a lot more to Young this game than just driving. To the rim the Euro Step the foot work here does the maneuver around bigger player know that big play for the other big man in the paint being able to dribble the ball up the court and have the balls to the point. He doesn't turn it over like that all takes skill itself. The only basketball skill. He really does not have it all is like shooting well and if I will I will give you that but also another thing I said, I don't think honestly that great of a pastor now that Grant we can look at him. We can look at his assist numbers and say oh, well, he averages know five six assists a game. But the thing is he's drawn so many people in the paint to the point where it's not it's not hard for him to find a wide open player on the perimeter every single time. Like it's I don't think it takes as much skill as LeBron or you know a Magic Johnson or maybe even James Harden have is pastors to Thomas to get the assist Ian is and one thing he didn't do in the last postseason gets a Raptors and that's also what caused them against the Raptors this now is also was not last year good at passing out a double team if you double team him Keystroke to make the right path or get the pasture where to where his teammate needed to get the shot off. Now you see things have been a little bit better about the disk season, but even then like as long as he's still more skilled than the average seven footer that's why I just say that he's treated all his success to him being tall is wrong. But the same time like you right cam isn't just the best passer but you know, like he's game does benefit from being athletic though who all this uproar. It caused a lot of people to won't Now a books versus wrapped of books versus Rockets NBA finals, and I don't really want it though. But who would I take in a book versus Rockets finals bucks, right? Give me a ride. I need the Rockies the wind if then Tony James Harden and Russell Westbrook win a ring will have a laundry basket and if he went over a lot of people gonna have to do some apologize and I hear a lot of takes go have to be deleted in some conversations going on. So just if the rock is windy face of basketball itself will change if a team without a sister. A temperature because the copycat League Lots house. Yeah. Oh look to the side. The Hawks can be like, why don't we trade for click a pillow? We all need this nigger, you know that kind of stuff. I think the value of big man was still be there, but I think that I think that we will be seeing more team start to question how valuable the center position actually is. You might not you might not see centers getting paid what they used to get paid if the Rockets are to go all the way to the finals. So there's a lot riding on the fact that they if this if this might be full of all the work But our Peter James Weisman stock, I think the Rockets have become dangerous by eliminating the center position and going on five out with hardened and Westbrook. And while I think that's enough to beat the teams in the west. I think they can look up and get hot and beat almost anybody in the west when the playoffs come clean the Clippers clean the Lakers fact, I do not see a phenomenon working with the books for the simple fact that the books have better three-point Shooters. They do the exact same shit. The rocket except the rock except the books are like all 7 foot tall. So it's like it's like it's like a bigger version of the rockets and I just don't see I don't see that working against the books well, and if that were to happen, then we would be able to move actually be able to see if John is not as skilled as which is James Hardin says he is now I'm the dance was your it's like be honest with y'all. He's gonna be the biggest person does the book starting five. I'm pretty sure everybody next R5 is taller. Yeah, it's the same. Hi as the tallest person on the rocket starting five. There's nobody on that team that can guard units in the 101 you hit. Yes, you can still throw two people at yanis from the rockets and I still think that's enough to overpower him and keep him from getting to the rail it as I think it'd be a severe mismatch and the books favor and turn because of size and even if you do Autumn Place there the other players in the team, we have to get offensive rebounds because they're just so much bigger than everybody else. Right? I don't I don't watch I'm with heavily. I think the book should be hitting favor. It's if they had to face of rockets in the finals, okay, so I'm going to try one more question. How many players yeah, I feel the NBA is more skilled than James Harden skilled. Oh. More skilled than James Hardie. I feel like he's the most skilled player. If not howling layer some more steel. I like are we count injured player? I'll I think I think I think Luca might be the most skilled player in the NBA. I think I think it lets you can't enter players to Okay, cool. So I must say LeBron. I'm a psycho why I miss a KD and outside of those always say is skilled. Always saying better. The skill is better Arkin two completely different than well. And that's because I mean what I mean those players, I think those players are more skilled than James Harden person. I don't think those players have I'm no boy fatca. Why does have more in this bag than I meant. Are you are you just talking office though? Because I mean defense is a skill. That's true too - it is it's very XY surprised me as being a Clipper didn't get some crazy foot words. I'm saying MIT, but you told ya You got some crazy footwork get a shot off in the mid range. Not now compared to like hard and all his Vitamin of oh, I'm talking about like hardened like you drill, you know, his one-legged running three-point shot which he has a really use it much this season to step back the year. He's revised euro-step remembering her. Are you using your old all the time? He got a lot of shit in his bag offensively, but I I think I kind of agree with who said look I said LeBron Me I can kind of see the Bronx and even though the bride don't use a lot of this shit. He got them. He got a lot of move. He do has a lot of moves Cady I do. I think I still say Hardin. Okay, I'll give you this. I'll give you my card. Okay? Because if you think about it like that then with Steph Curry be more skilled than James Harden and also he's also a great passer and I also a great ball handler to I'm glad probably got a div has better Handles in the hard to I think so. I'm glad y'all for him saying yeah. Yeah curiel Kyrie Arnaz Harden has a that that handle stuff has that Arc. I worked on my game. So now my hand is a really really Because you got to worry about me shoot from fucking 40 feet. That's why Curry's house so dangerous because you have to guard her from fucking everywhere when you can shoot it opens up the rest of your game. So you don't have to have like crazy handles like that. That's my assessment. You know, my guard. I got, you know, a lot of people try to say it one point to him and Kyrie had the best handles and NBA not Harden got some hard breaks ankles and does she like all the way hardened pardon up there. Now, I give them that flower. Don't give him too much clapping I give them that cloud. Was he accounting? Well, you know throwing Hannah yeah, I probably more skilled might be Braun. and I said some my kite I think hard and yeah, he does he has like zero athleticism like all of his buckets and like he gets 30 points every night appear like fucking pump fakes and fucking step bags and fucking turn around jumpers and just all kinds of finesse finishes and things of that nature also the curse I was a curse thing is I hard and realizes I mean, yeah. Hey, he came out of interview and said recently that he doesn't understand why it seems like rappers are Fallin Fallin In Love with being rock stars more so than rap stars. He goes on to say that the rap star archetype was not a drug user. It was a drug dealer this it has no real rapping is just screaming and it's more about the intensity which is turned. I love some of that shit but a lot of rap now has been modeled off of those rock art sites as opposed to wrap start sites. He also says Jay-Z was the ultimate archetype for the Twitter app start is he says I don't know how many young kids in their 20s that are mounted lifestyle in their rap career off of JC, which is sad. It is unspoken, but I think he is probably the goal for everybody who wants to start the wrap. What do you guys think about this do you feel like rap is falling in love with being rock stars too much or what do you think are you do you agree with Russ's assessment of what a rap star? Is that something like that was a really good take even though I'll usually the music stuff. Yeah. I really actually really fuck that too. Yeah and speaking the words actually the saying I don't like I said, I were to speak on the music too much either but personally I've been lived to a lot of Rod wave lately and listen Hey listen to this niggas music is like like being at a rock concert like like he is like singing and like guitars in the background like real life rocks town. Yeah, he pours a lot of emotion his music. He does the trick Blues. He listened. He lets the lets his emotions and you know the vibe speak for him more so than the actual words, but what verse comes to worst you come across as well, but that's not the most important thing. It's like in past rap stars. What do you think about this Delano? I know you was you brought up this topic, I think so being in a genre everyone. Hip-hop isn't supposed to have so many rules but we're in the genre where everyone has so many rules and want their rap stars be so particular and perfect and just this textbook kind of thing in in this in this genre where everything's gate kept by someone in a radio station by people who wrapped in the 80s and 90s no matter what you do. Someone's always there to judge these young rappers. So why would little pump lose avert all these people who don't necessarily fit in all these Adjudged by all these people told that's not real rap. Why would they aspire to be rap stars? Rock stars are genre where I'm assuming they have a lot less people telling them who can do what and I don't know. It's just always that's that's wrapped always has this lifestyle that you're supposed to live, but you're supposed to be real the same time, but you're supposed to be this guy. I don't blame these kids really like if I'm going to shy away from that because all these people just want this one particular thing, but but also don't disrespect us if you're not that but be that I think it's pretty interesting cuz I never thought of it myself because you know, a lot of rappers have things like time I have they're rock stars and rock and rap has almost come synonymous and certain points, you know, like how they've been rappers who been inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. A lot of people feel like rappers are the new rock stars because you know being rock stars all about doing what you want now listening to you know, being rules and like well, that's the SDS is a rap. We don't listen to what people say we do we want That was kind of like the you know nwa's whole thing. They were kind of coin, you know as rock stars as well. And so I never thought much of it is a problem Australian think of as much of a problem but said it but I do think it's interesting that a lot of rappers become rappers, but then they say I want to be a rock star more so than aspiring to be whatever I rap story is but even then I don't a hundred percent agree with Rusty's assessment of what a rap star is hip I'm Exactly. The pump is is the genre where you don't have to go by any rules if the rules are set by people outside of the genre because as soon as you do something that a Chuck D don't like Lord Jamar don't like they were on your head stop in the bladder and you got to think about all the people who call themselves rock stars those the people who because of what they wear their hair color people above a certain age or people in a certain genre music say that's not real rap. That's not real hip hop and call them all kinds of names. So I mean hip-hop is very particularly what they like when they're very if they like you then they're going to give you that leeway. For example, Davey should not still be popping but niggas like Davies because he is a textbook rap. Well the old people like the histogram. Yeah. That's why he's still you know, even though he hasn't really lived up to his buzz in eight years today. It's been a very long time with Davy. It's not lack Davies a baby / debut album. And he has always like so yeah. It's how coming wait yeah. Yeah. All right. So moving on to the next topic. I want to talk to you guys about that light-skinned nigga from Boston. Let's talk about Jason and these are the he's been on Jason Tatum in the past month of February is averaging 30 points per game seven rebounds per game shooting 50% from the field and shooting 49.5% from three-point range. He's take complete taken over the office in the absence of Kemba Walker who's been an hour injury. It's an oppressive Ron. He's starting to look like the star player did the Celtic said that he could be just the player today will unwilling to trade for Anthony Davis. They were unwilling to trade for Paul George their own willing to trade for quite Leonard for he's looking like the player that can lead you to a championship and of potentially in the future. However, you know, like I said, you know, it's all premature as you know, don't get ahead of ourselves. If you try to calm a superstar, yeah, nigga gonna Weiland niggas know why don't their Superstar. You can't call somebody a superstar offer to Great to Great muscle. I will admit this is SuperStar Flay. It takes more it takes more than two months of being this good to be a superstar. Otherwise Jeremy Lin would have been a superstar but even the not to downplay with Jay stammers doing he's been absolutely incredible on both sides of the ball, but my question for you guys is this does his Superstar play raise your expectation for the cell. Optic playoff hopes, if he is to continue this play. I'm like, I don't know exactly where you guys had to self-expansion this year in the first round stick around Conference Finals or the finals, but does Jason Statham recent play make you believe that they can actually go further than before so I'm gonna answer this and I'ma say yes, and the reason I would say yes is not only because of the way that he's played this month. Also one if we look at the way he's played their record there. I believe they're written in February. They I know I think they were like nine. No that can't be right. I don't know but I know they want 75% of their games. So they won seven five percenter games. They he's playing well and also they've been playing without their best player and we also got to look back to Jason Statham's rookie year. He actually played better in the playoffs then he did in the regular season. So if he can if he has the ability to continue to elevate his game when he goes to the next level as he did in the past then I mean, I don't think Hey who's stopping? It seemed like like cuz I mean like if you liked what you said about the books like the like we said about the books they can freeze up when times when time to get like this, so if we if we get Jason Tatum and we get the we get the Celtics playing it up on all cylinders when we get to the playoffs. I could see him making it to the final. So so what if you play like you fight last night? mmm timing Into the playoffs and then go on from there. Is this the new normal for Jason Statham that's in the great thing about the NBA Playoffs. Is that the bed the better team is always going to win you got seven games. So yeah. Now I say this as the you need to put it like Jason Statham the current Jason Tatum and order to get to the finals. You need somebody who can get you a bailout shot who can just create for themselves consistently and get you good looks because when the playoffs come you will have these half-court possessions. You got to maximize your half. Possession you can't waste possession you had to be able to get a bucket every other position you go down the court and Jason Statham is already good. He was already having a good to great year before this Outburst. So I do say Jason Taylor does make me a bigger believer and the Celtics. I still don't think there will be better than the books. I wouldn't take them over the books in the Eastern Conference Final, but I do believe in their ability to actually get there. I like I think Jason Taylor's play will propel them to death Ahead of the heat for sure. I'd even take them over the 76ers and this moment due to their wing play just after also the fact that they contain is a great defender on both sides of the ball. And also how could tell them Brown has been so I think the his that when you have a dynamic Wing player like that, you could be the most. Hey you just laying here. That's the that's the formula man. So winning championships in our day and age Dynamic wings as and and this sucks our have a good one and Jenna Brown who's all Also pretty good performer, and now they have particular a great one and Jason Statham. That's pretty it's kind of funny because like watching them. I love watching the Celtics they kind of mirror these yeah person and the fact that you know, General Brown and you know, Jason Statham are just like Kawhi Leonard Paul George and somebody said equated it to if the Pacers never traded quite Leonard away and Paul George and qilin a grew up together on the Pacers. It's a beautiful thing to see I do believe in our ability to be almost anybody in the east Now other than the books that might be a little premature but I can see them I can see them being the rafters to that. They're not big. No, I don't I don't think they're not they don't have the size. Who is their only big man. Is theis is that the only yeah, yeah, and they couldn't they couldn't even with Horford their last year. They could not contain yanis. They could stop me. I'm just doing what he wanted to do. And even if it's as good as Tatum and brown if you come on the perimeter, that's not going to stop yawning this when he gets a head full of steam to the rim. No skill. Eel, and that's and I think I saw I think I saw a statistic last night and speaking on the height of the Celtics I think last night when they played the Rockets was the first well, I guess Saturday. I don't know when this will be here. But anyway Saturday when they played the rockets, that was the first game since 1957 without a player above 6 in court. Oh wow. Wait, this isn't hell. Yeah, he's six nine. No way. Damn. Yeah, nigga short. Have you be seven foot is becoming obsolete six nine people on the court niggas a short out here. I can't have you. It's a phenomenon and I like it though. The Rockies are very exciting because you never know what to expect ma'am. But it's also also the Celtics I'm impressed by what they're doing with the simple fact that they have been able to be successful with such a sort of short Center, but then get your big on it. on the wing a makeup World about how big Hayward Tatum and brown are so yeah, I believe in Jason Statham. I've always been a believer in Jason Statham. I think his play can push him above put subjects above everybody. I expect he's accomplished fine from them as of right now Bart as long as as long as cable comes back he'll because I don't know what's going on him and his knee but hit chemicals back healthy. I asked my prediction for them right now books Celtics Eastern Conference Finals, and we are going to be hurting next season when we are going to be heard in the playoffs when the Raptors make the finals again. I could be hurt but I'll tell you what I'll be surprised as hell. I'll be very surprised but that's a conversation for another day. She's moving on to the next topic. It's time for the over and under live Bob Boyd along where he gives us a topic then we decided whether or not it's overrated or underrated. What do you have for us too long? Alright. So today's over/under is on comedian actor writer singer rapper Donald Glover AKA Childish Gambino, but for the purpose of this synopsis, we are only focusing on the music side of things. But consider all of it when you're considering his rating. So Childish Gambino's catalog dates back to 2008 with his first mixtape release called sick boy. It was his fifth release cul-de-sac put him on a larger radar in the hip-hop Community most prominently featuring singles. Do you like and let me know if you this mixtape Garner very high reviews from music critics. His next release was 2011 EP called EP and have a song Freaks and Geeks which received multitude of attention from music outlets and Blog sites his next release Was His official debut album Camp, which debuted at number 11 on the billboard 200 and this album features the song Heartbeat, which is his first Platinum song. However, it is album Because the Internet that made people consider him a hip-hop Mainstay that album had the singles 3005 crawl sweatpants and Telegraph app. It also featured Chance the Rapper childish for a Chance the Rapper Jhene Aiko and Azealia Banks. This album is certified platinum, but three years later in 2016. The world was awaiting his next album since its launch in the superstardom. He released a Grammy award-winning album awaken. My love a funk album. That was his highest selling project to date this album features a single red bone which has since gone five times platinum and finally after that album Childish Gambino released a single. This is America controversial due to both subject matter and critical reception. This song became the 31st song in history to debut at number one on the billboard charts. The song received the Grammy. Word for record of the Year song of the year best rap song performance best music video. So wow. We're with us Diversified bag and all facets of entertainment in a popular man Twitter poll of 83 voters 19 people said, he was underrated 17 people said he was overrated and 47 people said he was rated accordingly. So with all his accolades his acting his own television show and Answer and it is multiple Grammy Awards is Childish Gambino overrated or underrated. I will say that Childish Gambino do musician it definitely is overrated for some affect. The child's can be no the musician cannot really wrap a lot people talk about him as if he is this great Lyricist a great rapper per se I love Because the Internet that is my favorite Childish Gambino album, but even going back today those bars those bars not a fool out of me. They didn't you go back further than that. Hey when that nigga before a nigga grow facial hair and it was making disgusting music. You say when I say it. Oh, yes human centipede and that's that's not that's not even the worst one is more it was for see that's interesting take Jordan because I think that as a Lyricist he is me but as a musician he is underrated. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Okay, because okay. That's what color because internet was beautiful because of so many things other than just lyrics yes as well as awake. My love people like well, it's not real Funk. There's actually people out here doing with that shit is amazing people need to stop acting like it's not and redbones. I have the best song on the album. It's not even like it might be the for that song that I'm not putting that album is amazing. So he has two very very very good bodies work. Yeah, but Man that 2012 and before that shit is all cringe-worthy. Also, that's very as a lot more appropriate saying that he say it's more important for me to say that he's overrated rapper because he cannot wrap by no means but the music the music and musicality the Artistry like the whole screenplay idea behind because the internet the how the the music videos Incorporated the screenplay and then tied into the entire Narrative of the album was well done awaken my love. Love while it might not be what you think function should be and what it should sound like still good music. I can't discredit that don't back and let's do it. Now. It doesn't sound any worse than it did before and this tiny better than before but the point is it was good to begin with but then you look at this is America and all the wars that one especially after learn the controversy of him potentially have stolen the song from other guy and you go to the original song. Yeah. It does suck. He was very much stolen. Yeah that just leaves more to the rapper side of him being. Overrated but the talent him being a stand-up comedian being an actor being a screenwriter being a producer the guy's good man. He's underrated aspect is good and all the aspects of he does. He's not less. Okay as a he's he's got everything he does and lands. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Still have not watched the lighthouse season 2. I still haven't watched season to season two is a layers actually got that that is a amazing show that shit was cinematic of points that fucking Teddy. What kind of nickname Teddy Perkins episode there's no no and then we Like a really good like first there's first and second out and then we kind of see him kind of Teeter off from there. Whereas as you guys were saying he started off and was like starting off a real slow and then he got to it. I think it was the third and fourth album and then it doesn't he really blew up and I think that's what's so interesting about him and the development of not only the person that he's become but the artist that he's become I think that speaks to his rated ravenous underrated in this. I don't know but yeah, I would definitely I would definitely say that he's properly rated the Need the now when you started spinning off the awards for this America. I was like are you kidding? Like I know there was some better songs there. Hey, man, y'all better. Let this is America cook. Well, actually that was the year when all the black people have made a hullabaloo about everything so they just gave all this. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you know, you know, but any do it every year there's always like the year they do like the you date I try to overcompensate is always a very undeserving song or album in the next cycle. They're like, yeah makes you I wore his next time he said I will give everything that this is America are like it was a very political year. It was very political year man. I love this America more than the average man. So why are you serious? Yeah, I'll let us know. I just remember like the Twitter friends after it came out like they were like y'all don't even y'all not even woke like I don't even see all the stuff that he was saying I was like, This is the musicality / choir / classical music part of my you know, that's why I like the song not because they y'all gotta listen to song 10 times. You can't some new every time he and I that's not the song itself does nothing for me without the video. Uh, oh yeah. Yeah when they come in with the lap a movie when they import I got ya. A black man, but moving on to the next topic. I'll talk to you guys about Jimmy Butler Jacquizz wanted to bring up this point and talk about him because he he as he pointed out the Miami Heat are way better than they were last season the Miami Heat are currently 38 and 22 last year. They finished 39 and 43. So one more win, they are already of clip. They were already tied last season's win total. They are one of the better teams in the East I believe there are Five and record and seem like they could possibly steal the first round and make the way into the second round if they play their cards right? A lot of hullabaloo came about Jimmy but in the past year with his problems and with the bulls with the Timberwolves and with the Sixers, so a lot of in which led people on podcasts including myself and those I saw Tupac Quest believed it Jim Ebola is a bad leader and that's somebody wanted his team where we wrong and that assessment about Jimmy Butler's even bellossom actually a stand-up guy who's a great leader. We won gone. I won't go that far but you know niggas niggas hate them in when they were wrong. I promised boy. I'll tell you can I what rockso jacquez called me. I said that join you wrong for saying that Jimbo is a toxic person. That should nobody wanted a team. I went back and played the clip back. All I said was I don't want that nigga on the Clippers. He can make bad teams good but I don't want them to go on the Clippers. That's all I said. I must say which is true. Priscilla fact that occasions like this Jimmy Butler when he was with the bulls if we if we go back and revisit what he did was he got he got into of the younger players because he felt like they weren't practicing hard enough. But then the same time the young player said that Jimmy Butler skips practice and then they were all so mad. In fact, he will go into the median throwing him under the bus after losses, but he's like young players like he's the veteran like, why is he throwing on the bus Which lay around your Rondo to say that? Hey, that's not what a veteran do. There's no reason to call out the young guys. On the bus like that that like that we supposed to want Peter ones who take the blame not them then after getting traded from the Bulls. He goes to the Timberwolves where they are a very good team. They're like the third seed in the west then he gets hurt. They start to lose and in Jimmy Butler starts to verbally abused Wiggins and Cat because they're losing without him and then he starts to talk shit about them to the media. Then he has the whole locker room debacle where he comes in, you know, Legend of Beats the first starting unit with just the third stringers and then he does a ESPN ready ESPN interview with yeah, I think it was right for the rifle. Yeah, right. Yeah, he does. He does an interview with Rachel Nichols the next day talking shit about cat and Wiggins and the Timberwolves yet again, so then after that he doesn't play and so he gets traded and there's like even letters like one guy remember that the temple start to lose in like the away crowd is like Donuts house, and they are cheering on the um, the opposing team and Jimmy Butler's on the bench. He's waving his flag, you know waved. His talent are cheering on the opposing team that gets to some taxi shit. I'm telling you so then he gets treated to the 76ers and where I don't think I actually don't think you that volatile the 76ers. He didn't really seem that. I can't eat problems with Jimmy Butler or I mean he had a problem with Ben Simmons or and be there was this weird moment where they said that he used to like curse and yell at Brent Brown. Brown and challenged him and like film wounds and stuff like that. But it Browns Leo, you know, that's Jimmy Butler, you know, you kind of just got to take it and I'm like, it's still kind of weird, you know, I guess so, but even that wasn't there was nothing out of the ordinary there and then he leaves us at Danny leaves 76ers and goes to heat and he asked Jack was pointed to me. He hasn't had any problems since but those other stories kind of highlight while I did want him as a Clipper Force. The fact is Jimmy Butler does not know how to deescalate things if he disagrees with somebody if he disagrees with somebody he Let the entire world know including other teens management and I just did I don't think you should having a guy like that who is good on the as you can have on your team, but I personally want some of my team like that. All you do is all he's gonna do is make me possibly just good and possibly destroy the team from the inside. So let me defend Jimmy each of the situations that you just brought up we go back and talk about the Bulls we talk about that team and the reason that he was the way he was now I'm not trying to say that what he was always right, but I'm just trying to like it's defending him is saying what he's doing is right get him to the Timberwolves and then they start losing and then I'm like, alright, so I don't really think what he did was great. But also at the same time, like let's look at the temple was before he got there after he got hurt and then since he left crash cat should play harder than he does and Cat will go out there and get these get these big numbers, but you know, it's not it's not result in anything and Wiggins is just ass all around so so Okay, so no, so let me stop you there cam for rebuttal. Wow, and this kind of goes back to what we said by James Harden and Jansen beginning where like, you know, I'm still why y'all just came out and was kind of being asked to work harder because you know, he felt slighted by the MVP thing. I feel also understand why Harden came out and spoke against yanis. Like they were you know, they were justified in their actions the same thing but like Jimmy Butler like understand why Jimmy Butler spoke the way he did I found it. So why Jimmy Butler felt the way he did about Tim. Rules it's how he does things. It's cause a problem just because you disagree with the way the chip that cat and Wiggins carried himself. Tell me you gotta tell other everybody in the world. How you feel about you? Okay and Wiggins, that's the wrong part what he says is right. Okay how he carries himself is was wrong. That's okay. So listen, okay. Now let's also take into account the to even though cat was in his second year averaging 25 and 11. There's a stroke. It's either just learned to first overall pick. So yeah, they're not going to be shooting up the ranking these I'm soon. So let's also look at the two teams that he was on he was on the Bulls and he was on the Timberwolves. These are teams that don't have particularly strong front offices or coaching staffs since he's been on the heat. What does he have Pat Riley Erik Spoelstra people that are not going for all the extra stuff and if he does he's out the door like but he knows he has people well that are just as strong mind and strong-willed as he is. So I think he's in the perfect situation right now. And I mean you just deal with let me if you sometimes when you have a player as good as Jimmy Butler is you just have you just deal with what he has and let's look at the 76ers since he's been gone. They have been pretty good but not as good as they should be but that's but that's but that's less. So about Jimmy Butler elevated them because they were already good the year prior. I'm like this. Only six went just as far with Jimmy Butler the year before is it did with Jimmy Butler the year they had them like we both met with the second man lost. So that's that's this is like get it out the door. The reason why they're struggling this year now is because they just went all in on having defensive-minded players and they said let's just forget shooting and that's why they're struggling so much now can about on the team shoot of the day and Tobias Harris who streaky and Joshua Joshua Parker just Richardson. So but then Joshua this will hurt for a while. That's why they were losing a good number games because he was like their only weapon and they just got A shot off the bounce yikes. So another another Point while Kim was talking about the difference between the four teams. He's been on he said look at the bulls. Look at the Timberwolves coaching staff. Maybe just maybe he just really hates Tom Thibodeau. No, I don't know. Pause never spoke negatively. Like Jim Butler has about people obviously, you know that it's just the same thing. I feel like he's just so she'd now he's around niggas actually one hoop like Tyler hero in none guys will get out through got out the mud and water don't get on Jason. I mean, yeah, you know saying do I Point that he's around a strong front office in a head coaching people who? Who he actually respects? I don't feel like he respected Thibodeau. I know he didn't respect. What's the nobody respects the fucking coach for the 76ers? Well, fuck his name. Yeah, even even 60 players. Yeah. So it's it's it's funny though because I think that Jim was also very good at paying the narrative because nobody thought that cat and Wiggins were lazy and not hard workers until Jimmy Butler's I thought everybody niggas was you know said because remember it that's what he does around the same time. You got that country. Enables by 8. Hey, man, we don't another country but you gotta promise. You won't get better. He's like that was after the past. We just Wiggles average like 24 points in his second season before he has like 19 his first season. He would have a 24-second see this points per game drawer. 5.7. Jimmy Butler got there. Yeah, like I don't know. I don't know. I think employment eligibility most of it is like a Jesus the cat was one of the hardest working young players he is. Yeah. He's also funny too, but but it's also, So funny too because people when we first got traded to the Sixers people said, oh it's going to work with Simmons and be them niggas care about basketball way more than can't Wiggins and then after he left people start feeling like okay Simmons him and be don't care about basketball than what you know what but but but they weren't wrong though because like that nigga's enemies off the lot like niggas been pushing his love for the game and she like all season like there's always been some saying like, oh, this is my team. This is my team like, you know saying it's like it's been shit going on. I wouldn't say Jimmy Butler painted that The Narrative but that narrative is definitely there what how and that's also just a product of him having to whole Summers and still not learn how to shoot two. Yeah, but not like he's one of his strengths I can't blame this no. No, he's out of the I don't feel like the 76ers would be able to win anything with both of them on the team. I just they got to try one of the one of the two, but I'm just saying I wouldn't say that this Jimmy Butler all Jimmy bubbles like oh, yeah these niggas these niggas don't care about winning either. I think it's being became more obvious that people Okay. Well, you know what? This thing is Simmons, you know say I have two losses in Miami this nigga in the strip club and shit like this and he's doing all kinds of other shit. He not working obviously not working that hard on his game. It's been four years and nigga, you know saying we see what Ian has is able to do with it saying given amount of time probably, you know, so just as bad as a shooter as yeah, what's name was and how good how much he's progressed in such small amount of time. So that's why it's exciting though. It did take time, but you don't say That's why I was always thought that if you really wanted to learn how to shoot like you have all the tools and all the time as an NBA player to put that work in the lab. It's a kid. Yes examples of people who couldn't fucking shoot and who are now at least we'll just keep hanging all time good great as shooting and Ian has become a really really, you know, so respectable shooting if you care enough you'll get to that point. I don't think persimmon. I don't feel I feel like he's really Kaiser really cocky. Person, I don't feel like he's he feel like he needs to shoot, you know saying well, you know, some workout videos are some he was shooting just got to the season like nah, I'm good. Yes, I'm saying how he I feel like he thinks he doesn't need to because he's always been a really really cocky player. That's been says High School. I don't think he feels like he's I think he feels like I can be success without that shit like this because everybody tells me I needed and I mean, I don't mean not need to do with the fuck these niggas talking about I'll wait and be problem is well, that's a different story for another. But I'm going to do this. I'd say I can't say I'm wrong about you the butler. I just feel like you found the right crowd. I think that's I think that's the best thing to say about I'm on the on what else I will say this if their bullet somehow and next two years as the best player able to lead the heat further than the second round in. Yeah, I'll definitely I don't foresee that and I'll say this about Jimmy but I honestly feel like he's more happy playing with guys like he's playing with now and not being as good rather than playing with guys that he was playing with in the 76ers and being better her and there is not Not as good that a lot of people have the heat as they say as a favorite behind the books because of bam and talking with those guys have been able to do so. Yeah young promising guys. But yeah, it looks and to be seen in the playoffs. I'm not yeah because I could have sworn. I don't know if it was in the podcast or was it like through mrs. I reviews fucking wildling because I know good team she want a nigga like Jimmy Butler on the team and I was like, hey Jordan, I think he was fucking wild me with that take I don't know. I just know what I like I said right here. Like I don't think you should want to be the best pairing of two. No, of course, not the best player with the say you don't want that nigga at all. That's what I could have sworn. You said you said you shouldn't no good team should want that nigga's he's cancels every seat. We need receipts how we can make us better. But what if you disagree with somebody wants You that's going to make a stone pink the Clippers in such a bad light. I said, I don't even want I don't want to chance I got I really don't want to chance I guess and like and like I said, yeah, he he finally got along with somebody that he tore that took three out of 14, but the story out of the three out of four teens a literally like problem teeny like you can't you can't like literally those teams have problems like they had problems. Verbatim four and a half years I'm saying like you can't be you can't say oh this nigga was a problem because he just so happened to fuck around the end up on three bad. Teeth. Three teens. Were he his blood problems are magnified by him. So I feel like I get what you're saying, but I just feel like it's fair, you know nice moves. Yesterday I did it though. No, go ahead watch your mouth. Sorry. I just we just hanging out in this so moving on to the next topic. We're going to talk to you guys about Bradley Beal Coos whose Wizards are currently 21 and thirty seven and four games back of the AC the he has had multiple 50-point games this season, but he lost in every single last one of games. He scored 50 points pretty much just scored any no matter what point total he's had this season. He's lost pretty much. Explain it further bill has been are not his frustrations to the media talking about how he hates losing. He does. He isn't happy. He scored a career-high 50 in the back-to-back 50-point games because he lost both those games. He seems just so angry and upset with his current position with the Wizards. What's your Bradley Beal have done to avoid this situation? And should we feel bad for Bradley Beal? So I'll preface what I'm getting ready to say with a few players. As in teams, I'm going to say Anthony Davis New Orleans Pelicans. I'm going to say I'm going to say LeBron James when he was on the Cleveland Cavaliers. I'm gonna say Devin Booker on the Phoenix Suns. I'm going to say car in the towns on the Timberwolves and I'm going to say air Gordon. I'm just going to slide them in there Aaron Gordon. This is a strange little bear myself these these these These are players who are possibly in or entering their primes their career and are on teams and decided to be on teams with obviously incompetent front offices. They chose to make these decisions. We can add Bradley Beal in the Washington Wizards to this list and we have and we can see that he decided to rejoin this team with injury-prone John Wall and other pieces around them and a team that went so the dryer without a GM with that being said, I can't feel sorry for him, but he is bothering so yeah, like if you like let's just take us why wind the clock back a little bit. Do you watch the Washington Wizards were 35 and they were 32 and 50 last year the 11 seed in the East they have like a top nine pick. I think they ended up selecting really high tomorrow and while he's an interesting prospect there was nothing they did in the summer to indicate that they could potentially be be better than the previous year, especially with John Wall still rehabbing and things of that nature. So Bradley Beal And extension knowing full. Well that the team would not be better. If you run the same canteen I even if he got even he became better team with improved significantly and now he's upset. I don't feel bad for Bradley Beal and now but I will say this I thought his master plan always was I'm like sign this extension and I'm so and if I'm a ball out to the point that somebody will trade for me and save me so that I have my money from the extension A and B on a contender. I'll be on a contender. I think you tried. To eat, you know have his cake and eat it too. I think that was his master plan. That's you know, he said nothing to indicate that I just feel like there's a very dumb extension. Why did he sign it? He probably sounded with the intentions of thinking that I'm going to get my money and get sent to a good team. But he makes so much money to have a good team had to give up a lot of good stuff just and get him and I think we brought this up on the podcast before but outside of Anthony Davis, he's gonna he would have been the best free agent on the market this upcoming free agency. so so so how many million was he have gotten less if he had went to the free market is open market probably 10 million list I don't know it's not it's not it's not well I'm probably more to me probably like 20 million yeah in the thing is with the with the deals the team that you're on can offer you more money but the only reason that it's like per year the money isn't that much more it's just they can offer you another year on the contract yes so I mean I think it's also slightly But not like the largest difference. Okay. Yeah, is that huge like, you know like this you go make he was gonna get like a you can still make like north of a hundred meal like a hundred mil contract opposed to get like a hundred fifty mil contract or five years. If you're hunting meal contract over like, you know, three years something like that, but you still can get it. You still get like a lot of money but like I said, he could have had a like a lot of money and like you just you still have been generated. You know, well, you know, honestly like he still could have Generation Well, exactly definitely and which I could send it but like, you know, I don't watch your pockets. I can't tell him. Hey you shouldn't show some money but I'll say this much. I'm not computer you because you're on a bad team that you signed up for like, yeah. Yeah exactly. I'm some happiness for 10 million extra dollars. Hey, that's what I mean. That's one thing but you can't but if you get that shit. Feel about the book when he was I've been complaining about not making the playoffs as a nigga. They nobody tell you sign that bullshit use gonna be an open market on his shit you talking about exactly well, and I also just genuine generally have a hard time feeling bad for NBA players, but that's just fantastic. Let's just go to school right? That was a huge fan. That's another story for another these niggas niggas hoop for a living. Probably not. But yeah, all right. That's all we have. And as far as the main top is go we actually have some fan questions. So let me start with showing the fan question. First up. We have Ken Griffey from Twitter. And yes, how do y'all feel about the current state of arm be as a whole right now mainly cos don't say no more. on the beach so he's gonna be tough man niggas don't want to put a feeling this way music no more me or be my eyes true aren't these day I've been to a lot of our me that this past week and niggas niggas like singing Elmo I'm say Arby's a dead but it isn't his Soulful and Powerful as well these men are almost like me and R&B yeah well R&B is at a very great place I think men R&B is in a good place to just people try Army male R&B artists have hip-hop to themselves and just like not relatable anymore I think that's a problem everyone is trying to be the cool R&B singer that was trying to you know have the hose as an R&B singer when 10 years ago Nicholas crying one wish that man was crying in the rain like my nigga I was to assign nigga said amen if you cheating on me I rather not know that gone to music like that see that's the very thing with our be Niggas Ain't vulnerable anymore please please don't have feelings there's gonna be two large size and knees want to be too damn tough but the quality was I don't think is I think it's still good I blame Oxalis and I remember talking to marrow he first burst on the scene would like mountains I don't want to hear no nigga thing about being a street nigger I'll just you know what I think I think I'm more blame even though I love Bryson I think Bryson kind of started the trend of you know saying that the ain't shit aren't be nigga has yeah as like it that's all needs one to talk about now is just being ain't shit niggas don't want to talk about all yeah I love this girl not just any other so I'm That's my kind of I'm with it I don't like the blame Drake like I just like this is just a byproduct of trait more so anything doing the whole rap and sing anything I feel like people so how lucrative it was to do both and so R&B are said I I guess I better start wrapping to I think in art but Drake was Drake his boner when he's when he does shit he's actually vulnerable when he's yeah by this you know saying because yes you talk about his heels and shit like that needs I want to talk about the hills now he don't well yeah yeah yeah you know that's you got to do what you want a business hey thanks those facts more Let Us store niggas open up more there you go talk to you girl all right let's do you think all right moving on to this question is for most dope they are born from Twitter why can't buy odometer centers cough cough cat translate to a winning team Shi shipping a lot of Timberwolves slander on this episode imagine imagine any timber wolves topics imagine how I feel every episode we all laugh at me for saying I'm a plan hey but I just feel like like I said the formula has been for quite long if you want longevity like you might get the occasion like Warriors team or the occasional of Pistons team, but if you want longevity all T that have one with longevity have had to wait Wing player like that's like the the app that's what you need to have to be successful for a long period of time and I just feel like that's that's what you need. That's what the game is being. That's probably where it's going to be for pretty pretty long time. Even though I do like cat in a bead and what they bring how versatile they both are as players. I just can't I don't see that Trend changing. Anytime soon. I think with the mobility of the center position with how it's so much easier to find that answer for the big man and the slow him down then it is the wing because if cash is gone off in the paint just double them just stick your hand in there just box him out. Whereas other people they can focus on just offense, but you know those big men have to focus on offense rebounding all that kind of stuff and it's just so he's of knock them out of one phase of the game. Because like I would point you say got Rudy gobert of the defense. You just pull them out of the paint and these has done. So I just think that the versatility of the position kind of puts you in a position well and kept my see forecast specifically what is cat is a good so great score. But like I said that poor teamwork Timberwolves who need playmaking who need defense if you take out cats corn or you just let can't get his points. Then it doesn't really help the team as a whole cook until two weeks ago cat was the Only three points in Robert Covington cows the only three point shooting team, but he also needs to get the rebounds but he also is getting all the assist and there's just you can't have that in this NBA. No. No, I mean yanis does it must be young but he has better quality players around them. Also. Yeah. This is actually from a perimeter like cat gets assists as a byproduct of you know, just he's double cheese triple-team like he's a really actively generating looks for other people on the team as like a guard would and that's why guards the wings and close the game morning Sinners because they're actively influencing the game with every position by touching the ball every possession and creating looks and opportunities for other people even like hockey assist. We don't really get tractable much but you really get that from me as a sinner and let you like a joking who like actually catches the ball every position and it's like sticking out the open man. So I think what's most interesting I heard her take in the take that I heard was that was most interesting was I forgot I forget who said it but the point that they made is that it's going to take another generational big man like shit. hello Neil somebody who's so physically dominant dominating for the NBA to change again for us to ever go through that type of change where we where dominating big man can take over the game so how do y'all feel about that I just I thought was gonna join and be dangled out to you know I know you want me to be but I don't know cam you gotta be like really really like you gotta be like a freak of nature like you got to be Taco Fall with fucking Zion athleticism or him to like make nigga say all right yeah that's fucked is having a nigga who can do literally everything we just want this nigga that can do when the two things as otherworldly rate in the world where niggas throwing up threes there's only so many points that Shack dunk two-pointer yeah because you can't trade to four threes all like no I can't don't do it you just can't do it the only ways if you find a seven-footer who is mobile enough to guard the perimeter while also being able to shoot and stretch the floor and that's why I say MB I thought and B could be there Jack is he can be a guy who can create from the perimeter while also scoring the inside will also be able to guard you know the perimeter so he can tear a floor like a Rudy gobert but you know you know out of shape injuries yada yada yada yeah it was let's go to the next question from at hoop dreams pod how long before the 76ers make a major move in the organization whether it's a firing trade Etc I'd say that I think Brett Brown will be fired this summer if they do not make it to Eastern Conference Final bread brown if they do it East Conference Finals by some miraculous way he loves get his Keuka to keep his job but it Brett Brown does not make it past the second round he will be fired to Summer they will look to give it there were looked upon a coach that can make him be dispensed in this work together before they trade either one of them that I think that's a better question how long before they realize what everybody else fucking realized that that shit ain't gonna work I say I'll say halfway through the next season Depending on where they are. Yeah, it arrived at the trade deadline. Yeah. Yeah, I'll trade deadline they weren't if there's still like stuck in quicksand and look at like the exact same team at your prior. Then they'll probably really looking at Trey packages for both of those guys that make a allegedly started looking at trade packages for a bead this past it lodged, you know, just to see what its value was which made him be mad. But I think that would be when they seriously start thinking about it next season if they once they have their new coach because I appreciate will have a new coach next. Here and things are going around the same way. No, like, you know guy trade one of these niggas no matter what coaching what style we play is going to be the same result. We got a church. We gotta find somebody new who y'all keeping if y'all if y'all are the 76ers who use the one you're going to pick. Two years ago. I was going to be now I'm saying Simmons. Yeah, I think I'm I think imma keep saying is just because of the way the NBA is right now and for once again, I can get more for and bead on the trade market. And also I feel like Ben Simmons if you actually build a team around him could be very effective. He's more durable to and of almost it. Is it personally if you guys hadn't from his back because they've been very quiet about that, but barring anything serious with his back. I think Ben Simmons is the I think he's the way to go respect respect and let's see the only other question we have is from at your feet cool run the next decade of hip-hop man is only one correct answer I don't know yeah I hate to say we don't know if you you know usually always have an idea but I drew I really don't have a clue who will be like that guy for this They think I'm an old beat-up a chance. I don't want it to be done. So. Don't want to young boy. I can never see being young boy. He don't have the marketability to be like the biggest artists in the game. I'm going to be the next illusion. Yeah, that's that's that's this feeling what kind of a silly don't go cheer Legend tier 2 tier 3 to to listen to you two. Yeah, but like there's no real current young artists who I think have like this star power to be like been that guy for the next decade. I don't see it in jid. I don't see it in a reason or cause or even them young dreamville niggas. So yeah, I think so. I'm just saying all this fuck. Here's a question. Why not if they stick around Drake Kendrick old because if we think about the age of Jay-Z he started lie and be there on the early 30s early mid 30s. I think Jay-Z was pretty prominent his early to mid-30s. It wasn't till mid late 30s where who popped up who popped up? I think 50 popped up when Jay was like what I like 31 32 Wayne popped up as like the guy when Jay was like 35 36. I think it's for the same reason we said about the group rappers. I think niggas only got a certain amount of bars before, you know, it just run out of ideas or they stop that shit. Stop hitting. You know, I'm saying. Yeah, I'll say it's like it seemed like Drake starting to do some his Mystique. My people aren't just overly obsessed with every little thing. He does all the way still the biggest artist and rap genre, but I Drake's I know think we'll JC did retire but I'll say this about all three those rappers I know dragons talk about retiring in a certain age like you said a certain age I kind of want to be done with rap I know Jake hold at one point was playing with the idea of no one to retire he said he don't really care about being the best rapper alive anymore that was like some years ago he seems to be a lot more of the revitalized but Lon the all three young guys they don't really rub me is guys who wants a raptor right well drink did saying that longest interview put out he did extend his shelf life he doesn't see any longer so I think I can sit either them being the guys like the top guys they do it for the next seven years which I think I don't see anyone outselling those due to the next seven years if they want to consistently put out music as they have a definite presenting next three they don't seem to be slowing down at all they're still selling north of 200-300 thousand first week so for the next three to four years I'm sorry to tell you this but you know probably those three guys still running rap whoops whoops occasional guys like Travis Scott coming in and you know doing it in the fading out yeah well the next guy from next decade does not have a top 50 albums on the billboard right now here we have not found him yet no madhu time broderick's but all right no I don't think is gonna be him either I didn't yawn That's all I need. But all right, that's all the questions I have. That's all the topics we have. Thank you. Oh you guys aren't closing thoughts. Oh nah, I'm good. I'm good. Also the man who are you sir featuring court and alone and Homie Chris what it'll break down films to talk about movies on the all those many episodes soon come I don't know exactly when or what the first lab last night losing. The lab last night is coming. That's why are these I'm not okay.