Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before weThese I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said Roots he went somewhere will that but the worst one is very common name. Yeah easy to say is all like anyone can say it is black lives in America has lived in he's from New York right is plenty of unions around. I'm sure he's pumped into many sections. Yeah, he says suchin and this is in Tendulkar legit like yeah. Yeah. I'll try to figure out what he was trying to say. So pretty much that just made me think about what's that? We've all got like on ethnic names, I guess in a lot of a lot of our listeners would what's the worst like you've got pronunciation of your name for so there's two cases really it was the first cases pronunciation of my actual name, which is like fair enough like she in or Sheehan or something. Yeah, whatever that should happen. Yeah phonetically it's like fair enough and you know, like people some people can't say my last name because it's a long enough. It's been that's fair enough, but I'd say the worst one was I went I'm Charles time with a mate and then I said, So I didn't say it when I order shit. I don't say Shihan right because I got how do you spell that? Right? That's a shame because everyone knows how to spell shame, right? Yeah. So I go I get shot down. So I call it a name like 'a Shane like I cool I get the thing back and the name that was written was sna. Eh. Oh no sna a chi or some shit like that and I'm like what and then there's the thing some weird shit. I thought it was speaking some other language something now holding my drink. I'm like what and then I just got like yeah, I think that's mine like all cool and they give it to And then isolate you see that that's funny. They looked at you and they realize like not but yeah, it's not sure but yeah, I did the same thing like when I get like a booster something I was I just give Dave. Yeah Dave's yesterday's might go to what about you even what's the worst you've heard your name pretty bad at the worst that I think is probably the worst it could probably be so I got urine once and they're like this in your 7u7. So like he was Indian teacher so I was like, what are you doing? Like surely you should be able to oh, yeah. Yeah, so he was reading of the roll and then you got to my name he pause for a bit and because urine urine and then yeah, I guess that's it for like the next the next three weeks. He kept doing it. I didn't want to say yeah, because then you're seven you too scared. I like I need the order of the role. So like before he said my name I just like hey right away, so I wouldn't have to hear him say that but yeah, that was definitely the worst you got some Disrespected I kept it from everyone that whole year like Ms. Article this man called you urine for three weeks and he just let it happen. Yeah, that's rough. Hm. I think for me, I've got a lot of name it Dives. I've got a name it. I've got a lot of Mana deaths like I don't know why I don't know why they just get them in the end confused but - not too bad actually because you say you're saying like I don't be too picky about it. But you name it. I was probably the want to get them. Sometimes I've seen them and they get Very confused. So yeah, just let it happen bro. I can you confuse. Yeah, because what happens is I think it's too simple. Yeah, and like surely exactly which Honda looking like that's not really like that's not it so they go off and yeah. Yeah, I always get like Eugene what Eugene? Yeah. Name to Norman so you should Norman Osborn. Yeah, no, no. No, I use Dave because like nanak Dev. Yeah David Norman. You just said Devas know because yeah one time I was like talking to Sky. Zico Has anyone ever called you Dad? I'm like no, but they will now and that's how kind of false beard that's pretty good. Alright that they have sock. Okay. Yeah, so I guess still way we go from here is sounds like pronouncing names. How'd you guys go about that? Like the first day of school like when you I'm talking to kindergarten kindergarten kindergarten. How was your first day? How'd that go for your first day? It was pretty chill. I had like one friend. So one of my family friends she started school with me and then it was just like me and her like together for like the first few weeks. That's a good thing. Yeah, it's almost yeah. What? Yeah. What about you guys? I don't know what happened my first step from I just remember my brother also got his backpack ready because he was like, oh, yeah. I'm going to go to school with iOS or so and then I was like on lonely brown kids in class. Yeah. Yeah like main cash. Only this will happen to Primary School, right me and quisha the only brown kids and they chucked us an ESO even though I was born I was born here bro. That's bullshit. I did it. I didn't even get that until like four years later. I'm like, wait what? Fuck? Why why I mean, yeah. I realize that in high schools. Like why did I do that? How long did he stay? Nice Helpful Dog wasn't there to like that got some actual Forbes in dirty. Like I'm pretty sure like they had this teacher then like I we have to give us some work I who can put in here so and they just fine. The brown kid the age of another drunkenness chuckling am I going sir? Yeah, especially dude. I was like why why do I leave cost that to makes no sense Fay like first first day of primary school to be honest. I don't really remember too much. I didn't have any mates or anything. Yeah. I just remember that my primary school kindergarten teacher wasn't that nice my parents didn't like a shoe doesn't mean really awesome. My dad bro. She was me. Fuck she's what is he doing teacher you like five like right you right, you know how like in like, you know Wolverine how like he's had a traumatic childhood. It's like his brains like going around that. Yeah, that's me with kindergarten. I think you'll have to pop your memory, but also my dad wrote so you don't remember anything she did to you specifically or I think she just like yelled a lot in like she just like kept having goes at me for some reason over though. Now, I was I was I was a timid like I was timid in kindergarten. I was like a dickhead like I'm not like, okay when you're in kindergarten you scared. I wasn't gonna like yeah, I wasn't developed. Inside the Mind of my first day of school so pretty much I know I just like so my older sister she already went to the school and she kinda caught me off her. She looked down cry. Don't be a bitch about it. So what I do I cried but it was all right, like after two minutes. I had like lot so lucky. I met lots of friends there. Yeah, and all of them are still friends with such pretty good. Yeah. Off that's quite a good time. But first I was a bit rough. I reckon just because like obviously a new environment like shit. What is happening? Yeah, but y'all went out right so I can already tell you're a huge crybaby when you're a kid. You still are crybaby. I wasn't a cry baby. You are crabby. That's got my way. You know, I guess I'm going on from there. What was like the I guess like the dumbest thing you believed as a child. I am for me. Like it wasn't really done. I guess. The only thing that I believe was like, you know, what like you would kindergarten I like you would take lunch to school obviously in primary school, right? Yeah, and sometimes it Isn't like a long that you really enjoyed. Yeah, you know you just like you get rid of it. Yeah, you describe it? Yeah. Yeah. It's like no I do not. Who pretty much like I honestly like I was looking for some I did that who did she have like biting. She just knew that I didn't even know what like he just he just had coffee that is no rights. No, I was five obviously. Yeah laughing. But anyway, like for like the first like few months, holy shit. Yeah. I thought I thought it was my teacher. That was the spot but turns out I was a shit life. So my five top five and a half, I believe that. Yeah when I was a A little kid. I always wondered how the indicator in the car went off because you know, like you don't see your dad like turning indicator on so I asked my dad like he thought the how does how does it indicate a golfers like the car just knows when you're turning that around and I fully believe that like years until you started doing engineering. Yeah, and I was like, oh, that's how yeah, that's sort of business. But like that was the first thing that comes to mind for me. Yeah, right you for me the dumbest thing. I thought I don't know how I even got this, but I used to think if he ate expired. You died. I'd like I had like a jet like a genuine phobia. Yeah, like if someone told me something was expired. I'd be like I'd be so freaked out of like little dirty. But what did your parents say to drill that into? You know, they may have just told me it was bad to eat expired food or something like that. You just blew it out of proportion. Options. I don't know I believe that for so long. I don't know why I like my parents tried to convince me. That wasn't true, but I don't even really really yeah, it's crazy. I know this is a family plot to take me out. Give us an example of like when it like, I remember like my my family friends. I think they had like a pack of gum and then the like all this is expired, but you can just have it anyway and then I was like no no guys, don't do it. Don't do it. It's about saying. Yeah, it's like full free. Yeah. Trucks and yeah, you keep that away from me. Yeah. Basically this is how it starts Gateway. I mean, it's kind of its kind of like a kind of small I guess but like at the same time, it's like you took it too far. Yeah. I don't know but not before I still like that hasn't changed. So yeah, I guess I guess that's children. We obviously believe the lies. I told our parents told us, but I guess have you have you ever been caught lying to your parents weren't while you're young? Yeah, man. So I think my story here was I don't know if you guys but when I was younger my parents put me in come on. Yeah. Yeah, I really hate that shit. Yeah, I hated it so much. Yeah, pretty much they'll give like copious amounts of homework. And I was like, okay, it seems like a lot now, I'm obviously exaggerating about losing you too. And it was like the December holidays. I distinctly remember it. Yeah, we got like a podcast because like a stack right like it was like a stack of paper and I want to do it. Obviously. It's the holidays. You know, I'm gonna do a kid stuff is running around when you're a kid like you you don't want to do something you don't sit down and do It was it was tough shit. It was probably just sitting down sitting down as hard. Yeah, it was probably like 8 times 5 and there's like multiple sheets that I was like seven or six right? I just want to do it. So anyway, it's like the day before summer holidays done six weeks. My mom's continuously checking it you doing your homework? Yep. I'm doing it. I'm on top of it. I got this under control. That means your mom thought your independent in like a year to which is pretty impressive. I think she just knew I was bullshitting and she just wanted me to learn a lesson. Yeah, which really these fucking work. So she I think she led me on right so he obviously The job is in you I wasn't doing shit because I was running around like a fucking loon. Yeah, but anyway, so it goes to the next day is a cool one that night. I was wigging out man. I was like six years old in my bed. I'm like, oh shit. Come on, I'm screwed tomorrow. So I go in almost like I was so reluctant on my God. It's 6:00 all these kisses. We still got two hours to come on take a nap and oh my God. Oh my God shit. It was not going good for me. So I get there. I'm really hesitant to get out the car. Yeah. She like got my back himself pushing me. Like don't worry, it's fine. I was like, I was like shaking dude. This is like the littlest thing it kind of shows in hindsight. How is like skinny because it's like you didn't know the consequences, right? Yeah my life like at that point in life. There's nothing more serious to like, there's nothing stressful so that little things seem so stressed. Everything just gets blurred out of cool. Yeah, so I was working out and then the lady I was will act No, I can't find my cream on bag. Look here. It is. So I get there and then I sit I take my homework out to be mocked. I pulled the paper that is nothing not a single piece of tennis touch those faces and the lady come on lady looks to me like she does this side would face. My mom looks at me and she looks down on me up. We all know the lies over. Yeah. Yeah, so pretty much I had to sit there and do like all catch up on all the things and like it felt like I was there for like three years. I was only there for like 20 minutes and And that was those would be the words like according but I guess into things the kind of show me come on you suck and also has after that kind of learned to just like Dubai educate do my work and if I probably just tell my mom I didn't do it. She would it be cool to like that. Help me out done it for me like shooting each other. But because I like I kept lying with it. That's when I realized after that. She told me a little bit less than she got me good. That's pretty good. That's like she play the long game. Yeah. She sees don't like having a goal you for one like one change like You know what? I'm a I'm a way you're gonna learn today today. So it was definitely in the back. Yeah. What about you guys from me? I guess there's like there's like a few things. But okay, I guess I'll start with the stupidest one pretty much fell off a scooter fractured mom and I was like when I was with you chef and I was better Supermarket shelves house at night you and then it's like for some reason when you're a kid, you just feel so stupid right? I'm like shit my parents. I hurt my arm. They're going to kill me software like try to hide it from them. But my like everyone knew something's wrong. Yeah, everyone knew something was wrong. Right and then yeah like moms like bro, why'd you do that? Like, I'm not gonna hurt you. I'm like, aren't you going to help me when it gets better not like, you know this other scared and then yeah, I'll steam song but I think in regards is like the biggest lie, I guess similar at all kind of a step up from names in terms of like I was a bit older and I knew were cheating was at this stage. Yeah. So yeah, I want to see I said ucation did That selective bullshit. Yeah stuff and I think he's expect isn't like EF5. Okay. Yeah. It's like after the OSI shit, whatever your five my mom had a so pretty much I was doing my homework and I see this small booklet that says CS education on its own like I don't know what that is. Open. It find out it's the answers right? I'm already struggling right the keys to success. Yeah, it's really like, I'm already struggling right and I'm like I look there's no I'm gonna finish it. Anyway, I model just copied down make Mom happy make everyone happy everyone wins here. All right, so I copy this stuff down into like my Little bitty book my masculine. All right my English book. Okay, and then you know the market each week. So I take the stuff to CS education right? I'm feeling good about myself your Mike. Yep. Cool going to get full marks. I easy right? I do this for like two weeks and then instead of them handing the booklets back to me. They had it to my mom. Right? First of all, there's no way my marks could have gone from like bucket 10% daughters in one week right too small. Yeah and II or like God is so stupid. I remember they gave it to my mom and then on this sheet. So like in the book that they wrote next time don't copy the answering because my mom fucking grilled me, right? And I remember that next week. We're going to see s education on the way there. She's like, you know what I'm going to tell your teacher what you've done when I tell her she's gonna ask you to calm down from the whole class ever gonna see the old Shader and I was in the car and I was crying like, I'm very pleased my brothers in the back. Just chilling like it's like you said you blow it up in your head and I think it's a big deal in the world. Amen, and she God I'm never gonna forget that but I even so for me my oldest brother, he's four years older than me, right? So he's out like growing up. He was always a lot bigger than me. So we'd get it to like physical fights, right and he obviously dominate me right be done both laugh. Yeah. I caught it. I caught it and I deserved it most of the times but for the night and then one day I just had enough I was like, no I got to get back at him. Somehow. I'm tired of getting beat down. So what I decided to do was get a permanent marker and I was like, okay what I I Do Is Write his name all over the wall. So my parents would think he did it at he'll get in trouble pretty smart. I'm not gonna lie. He's thing to stop said yeah good plan, but the problem was I was like four years old. I was like, I don't know how to spell his like what I did was I was I was writing that all over the walls and then in the middle of that my dad catches me. He's like what the hell is this? No leg to stand on right I was like shit like what do I do? I can't say anything that like they caught so yeah, I carved it so hard for my parents because I tried to get my brother in trouble. But yeah, definitely the dumbest lie like that. Do you reckon that if you want call red-handed I actually safe to this day may be totally dark. Obviously. I was like four years old Livengood primarily. Yeah, exactly. I thought I was a genius. Yeah, I played myself. Why do you say you deserved most of the Beatdown what? That's why humans pain is in the mind thing. It's like a little team was getting beat up my stew Brothers. I think it's a right pain is in the mind. Yeah. Yeah. I'll get back at them one day dude even got his diploma from the School of Hard Knocks, dude, that's cool to put more assertive foreign getting it getting it. So damn. Yeah. That's that's pretty smart man. Like I wouldn't have thought to do anything like that. I'm at one of my family friends like they did it seem like I went to their house and bruh. This kid mate isn't my brother's grade fucking riding all over. Blinds everywhere and I was like shit man discovers get his ass beat every single day. This is pest. I imagine myself as a child and my like me having to deal with that. I'm like damn like my parents went through so much. Yeah. Literally yes, I dams like not I was an angel. I was like Super Hyper. I was just like as long as I hate those finals come like a pretty chubby kid, right? So why is it was just like eat and sit there just like alright. Yeah Kickback this that, you know, I probably piss off my sister more than that. Yeah, I think when you have brothers, it's just like like me and my brother just came together and just yeah, I wouldn't have got off to some who just missed you. I can understand how that piss them off. So yeah, speaking of getting caught out. I think one thing that's happened like you maybe a childhood or maybe now you've always come home like your hands a little bit of a bump or scar. So I saw this question. What's the stupidest car that you guys have got it and like, how'd you get it Sean you go first already discussed. Nothing is just that's decided to exclude. What about you even right that was I have is any sick. So my parents actually don't know about this tool. So, whoa, well coming out here. Well, they know about this cop actually like to hear about it. So in you seeks I was sitting in class with my best friend and he had like the sharpest scissors I've ever seen like this bloke like those those weren't scissors for children. They weren't regulation. Like they literally like there's like a knife like at the end anyway, He went up to my arm and like pretended to caught me, but then he actually caught. Oh and then like yeah, like I just like had to go down to the office and then like they caught up my parents. I like because like they were like, he might need stitches like we don't know what to do. Like, that's how about yeah. It was pretty it's pretty deep and then so like I was talking I was talking on the phone with my dad and I was like in front of all the teachers and stuff. So like I was going to stitch them with yeah. Yeah, so it's like, oh I was just running. Recess and then my arm clipped the fence. Oh and I make it out of Hsu I like that. Yeah. Yeah, so that's that's what I told my parents and to this day. I'm pretty sure pretty sure that's what they believe to never Neverland props to you first because like you're real main reason like he was my best friend, right and I didn't want my parents to think he was an idiot. So I was just like, I don't want to tell her like what what they act what actually happened we pay said, yeah. I also figured he was a bit of an idiot to the funny thing is the books adopted a like. Well he Like he's doing mad. He's like shit. So it's going to be here. Hey, I still cutting off people's. Yeah that that was the dumbest guy that I do you have to get stitches. No, I'd somehow like they cut like close it up and then adhered with that stitches there we glued it up. Yeah. Yeah skin glue. What are you now a few weeks ago. I had told you guys about the grape story. So that was once car not this car. I've got it on my face has been scarred up. Actually, it's not okay. It's not looking good this way. So this happened really recently. I think I'm going to say let's just like last year of high school. The right so we'll grown Willow that we went to this on the school. Yeah at night. I'm not too sure. Why anyway while we were there we were like walking around and this place was run down right like talking about it's cool. Right? Yeah, so it was run down. Yeah, especially of City. Yeah, so we shouldn't even be there anyway, so I was like, it was nighttime and I was like, oh, well, I was a bit scared. No here like as a guys just get out of here. You already know I don't want to be the house. Yeah, is that so I was walking down and someone's like oh doc and I didn't duck. I don't know why. Why it's walk right into something cheese, and then I'm like shit. Okay, because it was a head injury. I hit my head right round my forehead. I didn't really feel shit. Yeah, so I'm like, okay that kind of hurt. Let's get the fuck out of here. Yeah, so we're not getting out of there along with my main concern is I don't trip on anything we get out on my shit. We survived. You know, what I'm going to do this like once a child is Big I'm like I said guys, let's take a snap to this side take Snapchat. I'm like what the fuck I put the camera on myself. I'm like, what is that sound like touching my head my whole face like down from my art in my forehead down to it my eyebrow got ride the whole way through because I On the metal so pretty much I was like bleeding out and then I was like I was freaking out I was like, holy shit. This is how I'm going to look for life and it's all because of this so pretty much I went home like I watched like I didn't because it's like night. I didn't like really tell my parents my heart just come ahead and like well, I'm like I said, so I said some stupid shit. That's all righty. I'm like yeah caught on a tree other. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, yeah and I'll walk into a tree and I want to go to my room now. I wasn't giving you. Yeah, because they want to be caught doing something stupid yet another stupid thing. So yeah anyway, so I didn't even know what to do. So I just like because I don't think one of them one of my mates will see me like yo, you should really go to a doctor because that school is nasty probably got something in your head now. We're like, holy shit. Yeah, but pretty much what I did was I just got like the debt hole. Yeah, that'll prevent. That was my logic. I lived Real McCoy just a bit of a little bit up, but it was kind of a that's holding it put some cream on it and just want to say oh my God, I'll be fine when I wake up. Yea, it was not fine. When I woke up. It was still the same. So I just I could see that type of like three days and then like it eventually like started like healing and like it's gone. Now you can like sometimes you still there at the top you can say it like yeah beneath like here it's like you can't say this much these days, you know like yeah. Yeah, so that was fucking stupid. That was really dumb. And like at the time was pretty scary because on my gosh it was a lot of sympathy those things. Yeah, but yeah, that was yeah you play that card heart. I still look alike. It was good. It worked out. So that was made the most of the situation like that. So just to wrap things up with a hypothetical you those hypo so if you guys died and had to choose one place to haunt for eternity. Where would that place be easy wherever she hands out? Too easy easy, I think about that shit. I'm coming to Sean's room every single night. If I'm out these guys are living peacefully because it's what we want to kill me. I wouldn't you know what I wouldn't be scared. I just like them go away. They're just waiting for that day. Yeah too easy. What about you even I don't know. I don't think about it for a bit. Actually now, I don't really I reckon okay, I'll side then the other than obviously names room. What is gonna end up dying together? Just yes, I'm fuckin playing. Yeah, we're gonna end up being right here now, but I reckon hmm. I don't know actually probably somewhere like fun, right? Yeah, I guess what like Luna Park. Yeah. You can do some cool shit, or like I know some Area, which is I can get around. Can you can you catch public transport fuel? Well, I guess the idea is it's like what you meant to stay in one place in one place. I can't leave that. So make your patient like a viewer something. Yeah, probably like some beach house or something. I did for love you. That's a good choice. I reckon I reckon okay other than Sean's room if I have to pick another place. It'd probably be like somewhere somewhere fun. Right? It may be the zoo. Just think about it that you really want to spend. And Eternity in Sean's room watching everything. My bad. I don't want to I don't to be the no more. Like I never think it's time to get up. Please don't do this again when you're meant to be haunting me. I'm not doing the damage. Okay. So so Sean, I'm just gonna send you a bill for my therapy. Okay. Okay, thinking of the disturbing things I've seen chance room. I'm going to change my answer. I'll go to taronga zoo bro. Yeah now if I could be a good place to be yeah pretty big areas where there's always a lot of stuff happening. You're a decent view of the harbor get to get the chill the animals, you know, I reckon they'll be pretty tight with me. I like that shit, you know, it's been a bit of time of the enclosures. Yeah. What about you? I respect that. Yeah, I guess even know. Yeah, I guess like somewhere in the city. You spend all your life going back and forth in the city. So I reckon you just want to train or something. Yeah, you stay on the train. Yes down at like one line. That's that's what you live on anyway, so no, no, I'm not going back bro last place never Now definitely I can ya be HS HS get a nice reclining seat. Sit back watch Yo ghost though our float them float like this explain but it's like, you know when you chew back in like a lazy boy Cardiff, yeah. Yeah, that's what I do because you know you wake up nice view, you know if you fuck the house, but if people want to buy the house, that's pretty much your house. Yeah. Yeah. We got a beach house Gazoo and the city at the train it looks it looks like a never linking up boys. Yeah, I guess we ended there. So thank you so much for listening. Yeah. I'm cheap keep tuning in guys and thank you for your feedback. We are taking it and we will keep improving and so some topics please you want thing is to talk about running. We're running a little dry on topics. So oh, yeah understanding through Center and we'll keep it going. Thanks guys. This has been another conversation with the boys.