Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational Community getting answers and breakthroughs and insights that all of us need everyone needs a mentor. So let me be yours head to www.minettis.com and sign up today. So that's the mentorship group.com and I look forward to chatting with you all there. Well, I'm going to speak to you about something again. I wish someone would explain to me in my younger years, especially in Ministry and especially in Ministry in a charismatic Pentecostal kind of church your church in our church would fall into that. Tribe. Most days were happy to be in that tribe some days not so much. Some of our times are Pentecostal charismatic tradition has not served as well. And I think in this area too, especially when this Came to me from the idea to speak to people about this came to me from Recently. I was invited to speak at a corporate event in London are a wealth management company in London, and I do speak a corporate events to and so they asked me to speak on the title was life Without Limits and it was the picture that the the media they had for the event was the picture of a man planting a flag on the top of Mount Everest. Life Without Limits sounds cool sounds trendy sounds exciting sounds look good on a t-shirt Life Without Limits. Only problem is there's no such thing. Has life Without Limits. So the so the news I had to break to them was what I can come and I'll speak at your event. But if I speak on that title, I'm gonna have to redefine it. I'm going to explain to the people at the conference that there is no such thing. But explain why I think we believe that's true, but why it is impossible to be true and I will reframe it and speak about that if you like and I said, I love you. I love your media the man planting a flag on top of Everest but if you take a pygmy I put him on top of Everest. He's No taller. It's just a small person on top of a big thing. And I have realized building Church all my life that you should never put small people in charge of big things. I've got into a lot of trouble doing that and small people are people usually that are emotionally expensive. Just look straight at me right now all of you. So maybe like he's talking about you. Are you here? I'm going to speak to you about. My reframing of the idea a my version of that is going to be called The Gift of limitation the gift of limitation. I try to work hard on my titles a good title is one that you remember years later like like a song or a book or a movie a good title is one that when you remember the title the content of the message instantly comes back to your recall a bad title is one that doesn't do that to you like faith. What are you teaching on pasta Faith? Okay. I'm people up in the meeting to say what did he speak about? What does she speak about faith? Okay. What about faith? I don't know but it was great. And in my communication master class which Donovan mentioned one of the things I teach is that your freshness as a communicator the freshness of what we say is never in the topic. It's never in the subject because there's nothing new to say really unless you dig for it about David and Goliath. It's always going to be David. It's always going to be Goliath. It's always going to be Moses the cross the red seats always the same players. So if we're going to teach you from these same Is that we've taught for hundreds of years, we better find an angle. The freshness is in the angle not in the topic, but in the angle you find within the topic. So this is an angle within the idea of limitation and I believe limitation is a gift and I want you to leave tonight with three takeaways to go home with first of all, I want to reframe your thinking about limitation as I just said and see it as a gift. Left because accepting the limitations that you can't change and we all have them limits you if you like or freeze you or pushes you towards the limitations that you can change. Secondly, I want you to know the difference between limitations of design and limitations of default a limitation of design is why laptops don't make toast But we don't send the laptop back as useless because we know it was never created to make toast. Some of you were never created to make toast. I'm using it as a metaphor now because some of you really can't make toast can you and it's a big issue in your relationship, but I didn't mean that so stay with me. It's a metaphor and then I want you to finally understand if we have time. I think he's the greatest secret limitation of all that nobody tells about most people don't know about but we should if we want to understand the nature of limitation. The first time I became aware, I suppose institutionally of the Kirsten tyranny of limitation as opposed in the way that it was put to me was at school at 15 when I went to see the careers advisor and he said to me and I went to a school where you know, the thick stupid kids. Went is how it that was the feel. I failed my exams at 11:00. We all our exams in our country and 11 years of age on the basis of the results that day, you're following six years of education. When one of three ways grammar school for the kids that pass the test the smart kids technical school for the kids that kind of did average in the test those that failed went to Secondary School comprehensive schools that became known as eventually. Well, that's what I went. So when the careers advisers say Be down at 15 and said to me kind of one after the other we sit down. He said to me what do you want to do for a job and I said to him I want to be a fighter pilot. And he laughed at me like you get real that is not an option for you. That's an option for the grammar school kids, but not for people that come to this school. So he laughed in a way that I knew he didn't take me serious. So it's a no. No it's and I'm serious. What what what do you want to do? What would you what would be your ideal job? I said I told you I want to be a fighter pilot. So realizing that I wouldn't let go of this fantasy in his opinion. He said to me well, let me ask you what does your dad do what is dad do meaning whatever you done does is what I think you should think about doing because this was the day and age of apprenticeships. And so if my dad had a certain job, I knew he would say to me next. Well, maybe your dad could get you an apprenticeship. What is your dad do so he said to me, what does your dad do so I said to him. My dad is a serial killer. I did I should have known then. I was destined to be a rebel and a revolutionary I said my dad's a serial killer. He said what scuse me? What did you say? I wanted to say that to him so he couldn't say to me perhaps he can get you an apprenticeship. I wanted to shortcut the script. I wanted to take the script off him and tear it up and throw him. Of course. He just saw me as rude and as out of control and try to fix me, but I realized that 15 years of age that the system was stacked against me that the system and some of you are in a system. And if you're at school, you don't have massive education system the education system in this country and in our And in generally westernized education systems is killing our kids every parent in here more than ever. You have to get involved in nurturing your kids because schools are killing them schools are obsessed with tests and exams that tell you nothing about your child. What would interested in is the flourishing of people it's a big passion of my life to invest in people so that they can flourish. Because I believe we have a crisis of human flourishing all around the world because natural resources are buried deep in the ground and they're very complicated and expensive to reach so our human resources the best parts of you your particular genius and Brilliance is way below the surface and if no one helps you to figure it out, if you're not in cultures like this church what our culture is geared towards champion. Your potential towards helping you get out your Brilliance because school won't help you do it. So we have to find other places where we get around people that are not going to say to us. What does your dad do and stop you there as if that's the limitation of your life. What does your dad do so I realized early on that. I must not accept nor must you these impose limitations that are put on us by where you were born the color of your skin your socioeconomic backgrounds. Round the education system the system of the country that you're in apartheid that this country came out of was an institutionalized limiting non believing in people's potential system. And thank God that that is over but it's still not over in many people's mentalities. We still got a long way to go as we have in America with the whole black white race issues there because I also have a home in America spend a lot of time there. So As I got into my late teens early 20s. I had a pivotal defining life changing experience around about 20 years of age had caught it I call it the yellow that triggered the green. The yellow that triggered the green now, I got married when I was 16 and by the age of 20, I had three kids. I know told you I was 95. I have been married now for 45 years and have four children and our first daughter Charlotte who herself is in Ministry all around the world and shall and her husband now Pastor the church that I handed over to them in 2012. She was born when I was 16. She wasn't planned and I'm talking about she was five months old before we got married. Most people caught date. Get engaged get married. We just bypassed all that stuff and just had a kid. Then my wife and I had twins. I know people go off antastic. No no, come on. Let me talk to you a little bit because I didn't sleep for three years. So by the time I'm 25 at three kids, I'm living in a council house a government-owned house. You might call it the projects that call them in America and it had a bright yellow front door because in the council houses the government houses. This was how it worked. This is how the painting scheme went blue green yellow blue green yellow and the house you moved into was forever that color you. Didn't paint it any other color you couldn't you couldn't mess with it. It was government controlled government placed government backed up color scheme. And so if you move into a yellow house and thought you know what I'll just change that you realize then you can't all the woodwork all the other front door the the frames the glass frames were all painted and I'm talking bright. Canary yellow that yellow that that's the only picture I could find I couldn't find the picture of my house, but it's kind of like that. So blue green yellow. So so we were yellow and that was about 20 and I had three kids and we were broke and I was in a job that I hate it but I had to kiss that frog to pay the bills because we had three kids and we were not doing well and we were struggling in our relationship and fighting and arguing all the time because we just was so young and so stressed out and didn't have any help and I just felt so sorry for such a failure in Not been able to change that not lifting as out of that and you know, I didn't have a good relationship with my Dad. One of the books. I wrote was called. I am not my father as a commentary about that situation with my dad, but I remember feeling about 20. I am a total repeat of my dad that I would not want to be him. I don't want to repeat his life, but I'm kind of defaulting to becoming like my dad because I feel powerless witch my dad fell all his life. I have no money. My dad didn't all his life. I resent my life or my dad resented his life all of his life and we grew up around that moodiness and aggression which became violence and drinking in him and I thought I can see the beginnings here of me becoming a repeat of my dad and and one morning. I opened the curtains to get up and you know, start the feeding routine and then set off to walk to work. I worked in a carpet Factory and I was going to set off to work. I opened the curtains and there's a guy on a After painting my house bright yellow a council Workman a government employed painter painting my house yellow. I opened the curtains. He did the worst thing or the best thing he could have done. I open the curtains and he went winked at me like the morning. I'm painting your house. I'm doing your favor and you glad I'm painting a house, but he had a different effect in me it woke up the Incredible Hulk in me. The passive dr. David Banner version of me that have been going along with this life. I didn't like that morning. Something happened. You you've all had and will have moments like this. Sometimes you can't see them coming. Sometimes the way they arrived as a bit odd a bit weird. It's hard to explain to someone something just happens. You see something feel something experience something and something just goes off inside you what you got to do then. Is not calm down. Last thing some of you need to do is calm down. You've been to calm down for a long time what we need. What we need you to find is this person inside of you because everybody has won every single one of us has the equivalent of an Incredible Hulk angry. I'm done with this. I won't have this anymore person in us a mine had gone to sleep and that morning the council painter painter woke up the Incredible Hulk in me and I turned to my wife and I said, That's it. I'm done with this the guys pink. I don't even have the power to determine the color of my own house. Never mind. Do I wanted painting today? It's yellow. It's been yellow for years and the man winked at me how rude how cheeky he winked at me. I said to my wife and I'm ranting as she is feeding the babies and I'm ranting about the painter and she said to me. Well, what are you going to do about it? I said I'll tell. Hello, I'm going to do I'm going to get out of this crummy job. I'm gonna get a job that pays me more money, and I'm going to start saving we're going to buy our own house. So she said to me go ahead and make my day. So I was so angry and I kept that anger alive in me and I went out and started to look for a job. And I thought I'm gonna get a job in keeping with my strengths. I talked about that. So with you strengthen haven't figured out by then. What all my strengths were but I knew I could talk the gift of the gab some people call it. So I thought you know what I'll get a job selling stuff my idea being if I can get a job selling stuff as a Salesman. I'll get a car as well. And well I've transport because we are no transport. We were in the church that I Pastor for 30 years, but we didn't live in the city. We were getting three buses every Sunday morning with our kids taking them to church every Sunday morning for years and we didn't have a car. So the idea of a car that was provided with the job to me was an ideal scenario. So I went long story short. I got a job as a Salesman. I started saving for the first two or three years. And I saved up enough money to but to get a deposit on a house to get a mortgage to buy a house and I was the first Scanlon ever the first Scanlon ever to own our own house. It was kind of a it was kind of a normal big deal to people that have always on their house, but it was it was precedent-setting. It was it was barrier-breaking in our family as is some of the things that you have. You will go on to do in your life and for me to buy our own house and to take my little family to our own house. I don't remember in the first week. I painted my front door. I tell you now. It was not yellow. And so this has to happen I think in some shape or form in life for all of us and it needs to happen for those corporately and organizationally and politically and in so many ways. We need the equivalent of something like the yellow that triggers the green something in your life that makes you feel okay. I'm done with this. I'm I'm so done with this and it wakes up this other part of you that has been passive for too long. This is how we begin to figure out the difference between limit some design limits of default. Let me speak to you about limits of design a limits of default so that you can understand the gift of one and the non gift of the other limits of design is stuff that you were born with so the physiology the DNA the biology the limitations that God gave you so you never going to be Beyonce and you have to accept that. You never going to be Taylor Swift. Or Ed Sheeran or more farro. Or whatever figure you aspire to you have to accept these god-given limitations. If you can accept the limitations by Design you were designed not to be able to do that stuff it then frees you to not waste your time trying to make a limitation of design into a strength because you can't do it and we wish we wish people would tell that to these. That go on Africa's Got Talent or whatever you call that show here these talent shows these kids get on stage and they interview their friends and parents before they get up and they say, aw, she's going to blow you away. I'm telling you now. She's he's unbelievable our man and then and we all know don't we what's coming then the kid gets on stage and it's a train wreck. And when the judges say what we all know they get Offended and now the parents get offended and the slam the door behind them cursing the judges. That's that's not accepting a limitation by Design and if you like set limitations by Design, you will not spend seasons of your life trying to make toast when your laptop trying to be trying to be Beyonce when you are Beyond a doing that Oh what happened? Just then well, thanks again for listening to today's podcast. You'll be found it beneficial, and I know time is precious commodity follows all but I would love if you would Nick take the time to write a review or comment and above all maybe subscribe to my podcast Channel. Thank you.