Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark,New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be but it was there. We took the we just say major so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up. This really sucks. Like we think save up physics not the greatest thing. Oh, neither viewed graduated Mackey's know we're both supply chain. No industrial Engineers. I'm sorry. I'll be like we like decided at the same time during chemistry lab or like man Mickey kind of sucks. I'm like, yeah. Yes. Look at the you as a collective to really yes. This is true and was a group of to we said, yes, this sucks. What's another thing we can do and we're like, you know optimization sounds interesting. So we both went to industrial engineering in the rest is history. Yeah, right down. Yeah, it's basically we want to go do business but didn't want to have engineering and industrial engineering and then because of the small major we had every single class together for the rest. The rest is college dude, and that we set by each other. That's the play Maybe It's a new class some new friends. My My Study Buddies in college. I met sophomore year right when I transferred NDSU and we made our schedules with each other to make sure we were in every single class and we were every single group together for the rest of college. We also like no choice. It was like you have you have to take these classes and they're only offered at this time. All right, we would always have like two or three choices. So I was like we had to make sure we got in the same things with electives and stuff. I think we took different electives some of them but most of them the same same like tips. I didn't yeah, I basically all my electives on freshman year. So all I had was her major classes, which was fun because did you have like six credits? You're our last semester cousin? Come to class. I'm so jealous that you guys are allowed to do that. You had to take like a full we had to be 12 at NDSU. I got a senior exemption because I'd done them a lot of credit before and I also was working part-time No Such Thing exists in NDSU part-time at a brewery. Yeah, which was just me Santa front desk and turning people away from the making meetings with people who didn't want to talk to is a very fun job and free beer but sweet looks very professional cock-block. I was so that's kind of tight though. I was the professional cock block for a certain Brewery in Minneapolis. I love that one of the many Who Shall Not Be Named. Anyway, I think after that introduction we can just jump right into the fug in Tech news. So This Week in Tech I kind of want to discuss because with Tyler here and with Nick we have a certain demographic here and I want to talk about Xbox x versus the PS5 because you and Tyler now. You were a couple of Sony boys. Yeah, your PlayStation fan boys. I had the PS1 when it came out got the PS2 when it came out PS3 when it came out PS4 had to wait on cousin college so not worth it. Now that I think the main question is, why did you guys go PlayStation vs. XBox PlayStation came out before so Xbox dropped when PS2 dropped so the Xbox regular Xbox was the rebuttal All to the PS2 so that was a pretty big rivalry at the time. And so pretty much the biggest differentiating Factor was console exclusives. So obviously Xbox had Halo and all of that franchise, which is a huge following. So what was the PlayStation counterpart to that then at that point it was like God of War the first one and PlayStation Jordan. PlayStation 2 they had those PlayStation 2 was God of the original God of War was Uncharted that came up with. Yes. He is 3 yes. I mean, that's why Microsoft took off so much is because they had Halo. Hmm. I guess I didn't realize that the X the original Xbox came out with the PlayStation 2. So they are had a generation kind of PlayStation fans wrecked. So people that didn't want to break from PlayStation. Yeah. And I you know, I honestly just bought a PS2 because I had a PS1 and they were backwards compatible. Yeah, like where my PS1 games on it, which was great to me. It's a great way to keep customers. Yeah, which we got slapped in the face once the PS3 dropped but that's another story. Mmm. So my story is different. I grew up playing an Xbox 360 and Xbox so for background, my father worked at Best Buy, so he got a bunch of games for free so So we got who all of them at the I one point we got a GameCube PS3 and Xbox 360 like all we all had. Yeah, but me and my brother all we played the 360 almost exclusively. Yeah, because there's all sports games and we grew up just playing sports and stuff like that. But when he left for college, he took the 360. Hmm. So that was when I started playing to the PS3 and that's when I became a convert most because one the online was free. Yep, and in that time my life, I started transitioning to more single player games, which the PlayStation 3 exclusive they're more focused on single player. Will they accept? Honestly, they blow Xbox out of the water. It's the narrative stories are much better while Xbox focus is more on the multiplayer games like Call of Duty and like Nick said halo. So that's the Halo franchise fell apart like Xbox had nothing but like I cannot Any single game Gears of War that's the big one and that kind of fell apart at during the 360 that the latest Gears of War is coming out like this year, which I heard it's pretty good. But it is actually I lied. I did not get the PS3 for free. I convinced my dad to buy that because I convinced him. It was a Blu-ray player which is which but also system which worked perfectly. Yeah. I want to bring it back a little bit. So did the PlayStation not have sports games. You said you were To the Xbox 360 at first because of those boards games it did. I had Madden 99 on PS1. It had Sports hands is just once my brother left for college. I had no one to play with okay essentially is it's not fun to play those by yourself. I would agree. Yeah, you know now I do because why not but it's much it was much more. I got focus on the narrative stories, which I think PS4 is a PS PlayStations with better job of it does I mean with with the last of us the God of War series Uncharted there's some more the new Spider-Man I mean the PlayStation exclusives are insane right now, but like and I know the Xbox series axe versus the PS5, there's like the specs are relatively equal kind of I haven't really looked into it. It is a teraflops. Yeah. Yeah, so X bar to just released two big features one was their gpus around 12 teraflops, which no one knows what that means. But they have this like it's called quick restart where essentially you can jump right back into a game after you turn off your Xbox. So instead of like rebooting the entire game you can jump right back in and also full backwards compatibility through like 360 to the Xbox like full backwards compatibility while the PS5 is only talked about PS4 backwards compatibility, right interesting. I wonder if it'll have like an optical drive for discs because like the renders we've seen live like that Tower. Of an Xbox x-series. Yeah, it looks like a almost like a Wi-Fi Tower. Yeah. I can't imagine it has an optical drive. I feel like that's kind of an outdated technology having a disk drive in there. Yeah. So the backwards compelled compatibility. I wonder if his is only would only be a virtual downloads. Not sure that'd be a tough sell on that would be because PlayStation does right. Now a lot of it's called PS now, it's basically a streaming service for all their old game. Games and you can play a bunch. It's pretty cheap. I've done I've done the free trial but you can basically play all the old games. I have played like the old Jack and Dexter some like that. I bought that trilogy again. It's fun or I played Brash and Clank fun games actually game but all of those backwards exactly stuff. I think that's gonna be a big differentiator because a lot of people who are going to be buying these systems are going to people around our age or even older who have the Nostalgia did Income to do it, but also are like hey, I play this in my entire life. I want to go play Halo one with maybe like remastered but still play it. I don't want to pay 60 bucks for it. I'd rather use my old game or use whatever. I used to have true. Mmm. That's a good point. Yeah, so I think Hardware wise I think both systems are extremely similar. I know PS5 released their Hardware or it was leaked like four or five months ago. So for Xbox just come out with there's kind of fishy to me. It's almost like they waited for PlayStation do theirs and they're like, all right, if we need to beef something up we can beef it up. If not, we leave it alone because I mean like like we said, I mean consoles nowadays are getting better than PC which was always like the great debate, you know, I frame rate and stuff like that and download speeds. Yeah, are they actually better? Yeah, they're getting their the it's impressive for The price okay, I figure it's a good disclaimer. Yeah, it was like yeah you throw a lot of money into a PC. You can throw what a lot of money a lot of ram into a PC and make it super fast. But at the end it's like hey my screen loads and 10 seconds over 15 so that we spend the extra Grand your x amount of money. Yeah. But in the end I stuck with PF PlayStation because based on my experience. It's a better user interface and just seems to work a little more flawlessly. Like it's much more seamless and how I use things compared to the user interface and just the general performance of Xboxes. I've been disappointed with moving past the 360 honestly even even just playing for die with homies that have Xboxes like it always puts them from game. To console chat so to like switch them out of chat for no reason. So then like we can't hear them talking and then we have to like yell at them that we can't hear them if they're like oddly silent and then they come on like oh I switch to be from the chat again. So it's just like little weird things like that. That's there's kind of an annoyance at some point. I also think the UI is an interesting topic because the Xbox is gone through so many series of user enter user interfaces. Yeah, whereas I feel like the yeah, the PlayStation has kind of a isn't it's always been kind of the the drop-down menus. It's been the same since the PSP which he used to have. It's crazy and three. It's just changed so much for the Xbox. They have like that box. I don't see a tree map look to it. Yeah, it just is confusing and my opinion mmm. Yeah, I'm not a big fan of it and I'll never go back to an Xbox know like this. That's my disclaimer that like I have so much history with it that I don't think I could ever get away from the controller their controller has been essentially the same controller throughout my entire life. So it's really bulky in my opinion. Yeah. I know. I was never a fan of it. Okay, we've beaten this dead horse to a pulp. No, let's talk more. We gotta move on to pop culture the first Want to talk about briefly is a new show on Netflix, which I feel like it's kind of taken off. It's called love is blind. And so the the essential point is that there's a group of people men and women that are ready to get married. They've tried the dating thing and they're just like dead set on getting married. So what they do is they will go into these separate rooms. There's like a row of girls in a row of guys and they talk to each other through a wall a wall. So they can't see each other because Love is Blind because Love is Blind so they can't see each other but they can only talk and have conversations and in the the objective of this show is to propose and get married three weeks later. So within within days of this blind speed dating, yeah, they want to propose and then get married how Bonkers is that? How long is the show went on the air? I think it just it just came off its until noon f Show because I'd love to see the statistics on how long these marriages last. I don't think it's been all about just like The Bachelors like hey, yes, three out of x30 marriages had worked Dade. Yeah, I mean this show I think on basis it makes sense, but then the three-week part that's where it throws a wrench in everything like oh you get to know them for who they are and then you see them so it's not based on sexual attraction. It's based on emotional. T which makes sense but then when you're like, oh, yeah, but you have three weeks to decide. Well, there's a lot of things you probably can't cover in a TV show to exactly it's also just like getting notes on a deeper level. You don't try to expose a lot of that TV show. Yeah, but I mean if you're in the mindset like that you're going to go on a TV to get proposed to I'm sure you're a little different than most. Yeah, but the other thing is we're not taking it seriously at all. Yeah. The other thing is that once they propose. They get to see each other. So they propose and then they like two doors on each side of a hallway open up and they like get to run towards each other and see each other for the first time. Have you washed all these episodes? I've not watched think melon. I've watched three so it all ended up proposal. They so is it was Progressive build up? It's a progressive build up I think but the proposals happened within the second episode. Oh my God, because then they see each other and then all of the couples that have been proposed and are a real couple. Couple they all fly them down to like a Tropical Paradise where they will have their wedding. So they all like their wedding at the same area worth it to propose you get a free vacation. I would approve a cat very least but it's very strange yet because need to consummate the marriage so I mean again little sex once but once they proposed and they're all together in this Tropical Paradise yet living in the same. They all have their own rooms and stuff and it's that I've only gotten to third episode toit though only until the third episode. So that's all I've seen so far. Our is that they proposed they all then the proposed couples. So there's a whole bunch of couples, right? But after like the second episode you only see like five of the couple's because those are the only ones that have proposed so very strange. Is it better or worse? I love Island I would say it's worse love island is messed the right answer. Yeah. Well that's more drama more more action. At least the people know each other for like a little more than three weeks. Yeah, I would say comparing it to other Shows it's like the circle which we've discussed social media the social media show plus The Bachelor or Bachelorette on steroids. So it's a combination. It's like to also Bachelor in Paradise. Yeah. Yeah, that's a better one yet. So it's the circle plus Bachelor in Paradise or Bachelorette entire whatever it's called the eggs. I wonder what season they're going to get to when they start being like really cruel when the like we got this guy who is 4 foot 8 and this girl who's 6 1. Let's see if they fall in love because Then his she's like, oh, I really like his personality and then like they're just looking for that reaction when they open the doors and she's like, oh shit. He's kind of small haven't had any of those so far. We're not yet. It seems once they have to play conservative yet have all of attract. When will they become cruel like all of TV? But yeah, we're kind of tangent of that a TI. Well Eddie watches The Bachelor, right and just watching that makes me realize how almost sadistic that producers have to be. Yeah to do that show because one they produce it to make people look that way, but it was like some episode they brought on Chase Rice the country singer to sing for. His ex-girlfriend a date. Yeah while they like spoon and yeah so awkward and they didn't tell Chase Rice that it was his ex-girlfriend and didn't tell the ex-girlfriend is Chase Rice and then it causes all this drawer The Bachelor. That was her ex-boyfriend. Yeah. Everybody was in the dark and Chase. Rice came out after his like pissed off my rightfully. So that is so frustrating wonder how much he got paid for that. It'll be a lot. I mean, I'm sure it's like a normal gig for him. Like I mean, I think they had a kid. It's juicy enough. Yeah, you kind of get a little bit more than a regular gig to make two really entice them to actually do it. I mean, I'm sure a private show for any Performing Artist is like an x amount. It's going to be more than a normal show. It's a private venue. He's at he's at like, I feel like those are less know. Yeah, because you don't the ticket venue or ticket while ticket Revenue. You don't have to give him a haircut which then so if there's no tickets and there's no venue. You have to make it work this time safe to give them to give more money to make him come. It's not more of like the crowded to rely on as they can bring it to me. I can perform I'll be there make him come to you got to really make him come. Okay, so there's no way yeah end of the story. This is a it's an interesting show. Definitely check it out. Maybe if you have if you have nothing else to Watch watch Love is Blind. It's enticing enough but Mel and I have kind of followed like three couples. Yeah, and we just fast-forward through the rest of them, but I find the couples that we enjoy watching or have more drama. But we're trying to say is before you watch this to watch make millions. Right? Like at least get educated before you watch this stupid mindless. What a Segway dang like I'm working on it. I've been working on them. Nobody no in all seriousness make millions one of the greatest. - I've ever watched Jang it's one enticing to comedic 'l comedic comical comical comedic. Yeah, it's mediocre comical. It's just put together. So well, it's like I'm on the edge of my seat because I don't know what's gonna happen. But it also just has a bad shit story. Yeah, it's a crazy story but then the editors and the people behind the scenes made it funny. So what you saying like you were surprised I like the Coen Brothers haven't made like an action movie. This yet the Coen Brothers. Yeah, what's their movie producers of what movies? I think it's more Judd Apatow movie with Paul Rudd and Jason Segel. That's kind of Dick jokes, though. The Coen Brothers make like these extravagant crazy weird twisty. Like I remember seeing their names but like what movies I hate that I can't recognize. I know that come on Brothers, but don't know all the movies go and bruh No Country for Old Men The Big Lebowski. Oh brother were out there. Yeah. Oh brother were out art thou he says Fargo the movie True Grit. I mean I've seen the the reason I know of their name is because Caesar. No is the brother one with Georgian seen any of those. No one's with George Clooney. Yeah O Brother Where Art Thou yes, I really had to walk through that. It's at the end. It's like at the middle of the movie. Hey, brother. Nope, that's not it. Fuck. I can't say that. I'm a man of constant sorrow ass mmm. Yep. I'm on me. Oh, this is just the instrumental either way our yeah, it's a great song for listeners have listened to that song for they will know. Yeah. Okay now we're going to move on to Mary's picks. So obviously we talked about this last week but lock and key fantastic show. So I'm glad you have watched it because I have not so you're saying that one of Mary's picks. Yes is good is very much. Worth watching I feel like for the history of Mary's picks segment. It hasn't had a positive role word. Didn't you say the stranger was pretty good. And that was a Mary's pick that wasn't very thick and actually that was phenomenal and I'll say love itself is a little melodramatic and depressing but it was a still a decent movie. I thought it was good ma'am. I watched it to you did pray a little upon people's feelings. Like it was very dramatic and kind of played a lot into cliches and and I don't know it is an interesting movie for me to watch it felt to me like it. It took easy routes. It links that would make people sad they did that. It was traumatic for the sake of being dramatic. I think like just parts of it took me by surprise why I wasn't expecting certain bad things to happen. I was like, well Daniel Jackson came out of nowhere and you're like, whoa, Mel didn't get that part for a long time and I had to explain the unreliable narrator was I love that first of all that Concept to me is that's a tough one. I love that concept. Yeah, but that whole part of it was wild. So it's a me. I'll just came out Samuel like the one of the F-word once well, maybe it's just that part of the story was that the main character has dream of writing a thesis. Is it he's an English PhD thesis on the unreal Oh, I'll narrate unreliable narrator. So that's what the wife though member the husband wanted to write a screenplay. Yeah in which Samuel L. Jackson was the narrator and that's the only part of the movie he has is that it was like a live-action of this main character screenplay. And then after that screenplay was done then Samuel left. We're just sounds like so much. It's a lot to describe it was confusing and it smells like over like three generations of family it does. Too much. It's in I'd say if you're in the mood to be sad, yeah watch it. It is interesting. It has great great actors the guy from Criminal Minds in it Gillian the first two seasons. Yeah. Who's that Mandy? His name's Mike Mandy Parkins. Luciene. Um, he's a grandfather in the second generation Antonio Banderas. No, no, Oh, nope, I'm sorry. You're talking about the grandpa. Yeah, the second generation. He's bald has glasses day. No one has a name, but I know who you're talking about. Yeah, it was I never watch Criminal Minds. But yeah, anyway lock and key fantastic movie it falls the father's murder three siblings move into a house called Chi House their last name is lock ha ha ha and so they find These reality bending Keys each key has a Special ability that can do a certain thing and so it's a from a graphic novel by Joan Joe Hill and Gabriel Rodriguez, but it's a fantastic show. So it's the main character. The main little kid is actually Georgie from it the hit movie. It never watched it. You might have also never I don't like scary movies. I avoid them not a big fan of clowns and or scary movies. That's why you watch them. I've looked at the synopsis. That's it. Which I mean I respect that play actually I get it. But anyway lock and key if you want like kind of an easy watch not much brain power is going to it. Watch Lock and Key. There's a lot of like fun mysticism and all that shit. I liked it a lot. I did look up the synopsis of the episodes and it confused the heck out of me. You have to want me to no sense lot of talk about keys. I got the general gist of it done a keys. That's it, Jordan. Oh real good at finding keys. I know there's there's some mystical stuff going on and I won't spoil anything but it is confusing seems interesting. Yeah, and any graphic novel adaptation. I'm essentially into but I have too many shows the watch right now. Why didn't want to commit that much time into watching it? Yeah, and I'm glad you said that that last show is horseshit to the October faction. October faction. Not great. Yeah, it was weird. Weird they try to throw in some like Shake Shakespearean dialogue mixed with modern culture. It was a weird mix and it played a lot in the cliches the tough look one of the thing I didn't like I honestly think that was a Netflix play. I think Netflix did that I think so the big thing that bothered me was they focus a lot on like no spoilers but like vampires and warlocks. Yeah, but there's no like exploration of how this happens or anything else in the world yet. I showed them the main like protagonist killing other monsters and there's no explanation of in it at all. Which for me for World building perspective. Just I was like, yeah, I have no drive to know what's going on or why it's a pain even if they are said, oh they always existed and it's our job to keep them in check boom right there. No, there's just an agency that exists and that's all you get to know that kills vampires and other mystical things, but if you mean Vamps, If a show like opens up that way they were like they're killing certain monsters or anything that kind of sets the tone for the show maybe or are they a mutation there? Are they the next level in human evolution? We don't know because they never said I need backstory. Yeah, just a little bit something in passing would have been nice. Okay, I would agree. What's next on Mary's picks so lock and key can be found on Netflix. I think we made that apparently clear. So it's a Netflix show. The next Mary's pick for this week is Modern Love is a co-production of Amazon Studios and New York Times this Anthology series explores love and also complicated and beautiful forms as well as efforts on the human connection. Each episodes brings to life a different story that has been inspired by the newspapers popular Modern Love column, the romantic comedy series features a star-studded cast that includes such notable actors. Jane Alexander Emmy winner Tina Fey Andy Garcia oscar-winning Anne Hathaway Dev Patel and John Slattery you really drew that one out. Yeah. I don't know love's shows for me are really difficult because I feel like he gives people a false expectation on what love should be as to what Love Actually is. I was pretty deep. Thank you. I think about this every day Love Is A Lie. Wow, that's a hot day. We're back in the kitchen with Robbie. But yeah, I just I can't do a lot of rom-coms and stuff like that because a lot of times for me. It's like this this Fairytale Land, but then people start kind of giving in to that land where they're like, oh why can't life be like that. Because life just isn't so if they're taking real life, but then making it more Grand that's that's where I take issue. Whereas if they're if they're actually taking these people's stories and just making them into a show. Hell. Yeah, I think that's what it is. I think they're taking stories from the New York Times column and making them into episodes. I don't know though because I've not watched the shy so is this kind of like the people of New York especially but Anthology series with famous actors Yeah, I guess that's what it sounded like. I mean, I do like the I love Tina Fey I was going to say that who doesn't the people of New York. What's know what Instagram that was an Instagram? Right? What's it really called though? It's called people of New York. No. Yeah. Oh, yeah as the Kool-Aid man once said, oh, yeah exactly. I'm excited to prove you guys wrong. I don't think sold people of New York. It's yeah pln pain. I follow we're going to cut out this dead space. Yeah. Yeah, that's the best part about editing. I'm not more just leave it added. So whole or roasted everyone ready? Yeah. Are you ready to hear with really called? Yeah humans of New York. What is it humans of New York? What is it though? People humans of New York got him. Okay, so you were wrong. I knew it wasn't is because it's like the I don't know that homo sapiens of the Big Apple, but it's not like humans of New York because that's not all love stories. Right? Just that sometimes tragic New York. It's their stories. Yeah, but it is not lose humans with people those are bad. So anyway, I'm going to give this a watch. I don't know when I don't know what part of the Q it is. As in my long list of shows to watch. Is it out right now? It's all right now yeah. Oh it's out. If it's on Mary's picks, she's watched it and it's out just marry know that you talked about her pick so much. She doesn't know that the funny thing is that she's a huge podcast listener. She listens to a ton of podcasts met but I've doesn't know that I've talked about her babies every Sunday. I have never told her that I have a podcast so she doesn't know about what she be offended. It's huge. I don't think she'd be really Excited too for people to hear what she likes in the right tell you just put your Tyler spilled his drink all over himself. Was that straight on his chest? Yeah, but Mary would be very excited that right and I don't we're not we don't shed on Mary as a person Mary sounds like oh she sounds like a really kind person if she does your pick but she's a wonderful woman. Yes. Yeah. It just sounds like she watches a lot of Cinema and their hit or miss. Sometimes mrs. Sometimes hits what's that Meme Hit or Miss? I guess they never miss, huh? I like that people thought that that was a dude for a while that girl. Did you know that? Yeah, did you watch Anthony Padilla's video on one hit wonders from YouTube. He had the Chocolate Rain guy. She had Leah rain. He had the hit or miss girl and an end. Yeah and another person but she was like, yeah, like it hasn't really affected my life besides the fact that I wasn't me. Here the kombucha girl remember her? Yeah. That's a funny one. Yeah. Yeah, dude, how you like the chocolate squishy don't drink in pod. Isn't that Shockley though? It's weird how much it tastes like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. It's so good. So that's it for Mary's picks which moves us on to miscellaneous. One thing that I really want to do is like like a starter pack for like the hosts and even Tyler can jump But I just had like I just I just want to do like that old like Twitter trend of like like the memes for things that define this person. So Mark doesn't necessarily have so much doesn't necessarily have to do me this week. But I had I thought for pretty spot-on things for Mark I would I have some for you too. So I don't know if for but I have enough marks just is 3 boosted boards and a piano. On piano, I would say Cajon Gone Big Cajon guy over there Tyler. What's a cajon? No idea. That's a box with a hole. It's a box drum. Yeah. Is it that box you sit on it? Yeah. Yes. Yes lots of that box. Let me just let me see. It's three boosted boards in the Cajon. There we go. Marsh a big cojones. He kept his wedding ring and that Cajon. Hidden in plain sight. No as a matter word Roar, you pulled out of a cajon. Once I watched you. I was at your apartment. You pulled a wedding ring. I like out of alcohol when you went on a particular proposed a melon. I was like no choice. I think I went into my room and pulled out on my underwear drawer and then brought it into the Cajon for the rain going in the car. And then I really going I don't you know, because it was never know what's in the car so Starter pack. So let's start back birthmark is a if you know Mark, he's a he's a paler human. So my first my first thing would be that he's always some short of white or pink so you're not wrong that. Yeah, right just the colors and the starter pack. Yeah. I mean, it's something that describes Mark that is Mark white or pink. Another one is in Like normal conversation feel kind of do flurb talk sometime. Sometimes we're like you took a my jerbs or what the flurb kind of things like that. He hasn't really Tyler had I haven't done it for a while. You have another hot second a lot a lot a lot and then if you've ever been to Mark around a dance floor his big thing his his signature move aside from the Carlton is the body roll. This guy I've had a lot of friends can vouch for that. Yeah, big body roll body roll. I standing by your yes. Yes, like standing by to roll like if the song Pony were to come on. I'm excited to see this to my students but I was gonna say if tonight goes I think if there's Touch Tunes I'm getting on so we might have to go to 1029 to hit up that karaoke. It's just me Cotton Eye Joe only con. I Joe I can buy your old cut a my number one. My number four thing was that this is something that like amaze me when I first met him, but it was that he cannot burp like physically it sounds like it sounds like something kind of roaring some of your croak here. Try try it once yeah, it's just like a girl who rides a good that's that's good right behind him on the spot. That was a Marc Murphy burp. I have a friend who also has the same thing and it's the exact same sound and I don't know what medically causes that I should maybe ask my fiance who is in the medical field, but you lack enough throat. Yeah. What do you know? What are you lacking where you can't be stopped? App on your throat. I pushed her the uvula like will not back down. That's your gag reflex and stuff. But I'm stuck. There's like there's there should be like an actual it basically prevents you from putting liquid on your lungs your time with that flap. I mean I had siblings who could burp and they as a young child tried to teach me how and I would do all the steps one through whatever and I could not burp you like the kid that can't whistle but I can whistle. Yeah, I can whistle. I can barely know myself. I know some people like Can't whistle and it blows my mind. Well, Mel really can whistle. I essentially can't whistle. I'm really bad at it. Try it right. Now. Your mouth is too much wide right off the bat I watch not this too wide, this is Mark. This is Mark whistling. Tyler big Hunger Games fan sure do fingers if there are any of you Tyler whistle. I can't whistle Under Pressure. So I'm not the past Nick. Can you whistle? That's sorry. I'll try not to do it right into the pop filter. Yeah, that's productive only whistle out. I don't know how people whistle in I think Mel. It's literally impossible in my mail can only whistle in I don't understand that. It's it's kind of the same mouth shape. So I don't think it's the same thing. So, okay now we will move on to Mark says starter pack for me if he has any so I had two things one is a Hardy beer collection. And if was it on your beers degree that if you don't follow my beer sir Graham, it's at Nick tries beers with underscores between each word in his latest pick as of right now. What if the state is was just a huge beer collection from what Tavor Tavor Tavor devour, I don't devour So I say 2 4 2 4 so that's that's number one. Number two is tracksuits and I think currently no you when I came to your house today you are in. Yeah in an Adidas tracksuit. It's just comfy. What colors do you have black and white like you guys love about I wanted very Suave about it. I wanted to get a red and white, but I just couldn't pull the trigger because I didn't see enough occasions calling for it. I wear a lot of black and I have things that go with black. So I Can get away with that but like red pants don't fly like on the on the daily. I would say a red red and blue might be a no-go well and especially at these colors because like that blue would be a bright blue true. There's no that was not old blues. No subtle red and blue from Adidas, right? It's like bright blue and bright red. I was thinking Navy you do Navy didn't make Navy Adidas tracksuit. No, probably not. But anyway back to the starter packs, I would say. Had to do two more sort thinking back to like the meme, you know, where there's four pictures just off the going to be like a crazy greasy slicked-back head. That's that's my third one. I get pretty greasy which is and just like the slicked-back hair is a looking you have longer hair. So that's where I'm kind of combining. And then the last one I think would be just a baseball hat for a while there. You were wearing baseball hats all the time. Yeah, especially like the trucker Style with the vented Batman - yeah Mash because I mean - Mash will cause like it. It's it was nice to get out of the shower throw on a hat because it dry that right there. It dries with my hair back. And that's where the grease comes from to which is a real bummer. But so the the mesh, let's the hair breathe a little bit it dries a little bit faster, but it dries back. So just that's my I mean for having two of those written down into on the spot. Yeah, it's pretty good starter pack 3 put you both in the spot War describing me go golf K. Well, yes. Yeah golf Golf guy. I mean, I honestly just like me though beer. Yep. Let's see what else honestly if I was to go off the cuff, I would say you look like an Aryan Dream. You have the blond hair what my eyes not Blonde by the way, it's a dirty blond. You're a dirty blonde. Here's a hard brown brown eye. On fact, I did grow up like with bleach blond hair. Until maybe about second grade and my hair is now almost black I would say is very but I am only it's not only person my family would live wise so might be adopted despite having a twin might be adopted. Yeah, you're like Hitler's dream. I would say it's for the starter pack. It's a dumbbell. Okay, we could do a D&D figurine. Yeah. Yeah D20. Yeah. Oh, yeah again a nice a nice die, but like Six roll on it. So 2 and then we have like the whole thing of we have the whole thing of getting a flight from that whole thing of beer. Yeah, that's three of four the fourth one. We already said gonna be a golf club golf club. All right, so I'm just a stereotypical white male love it. Yeah. It's my I do think that was very surface level as a service it was and yeah both because I put you guys on the Sunspot we didn't like for Nick and I we had time to think about also really smart. Nick has known me for what What couple of classic six months so you actually don't like good friends then Mark and I we become much closer because Mark and I became couple friends which D. It's a new level of freak that I mean once you're in a relationship like you like, okay, we can't just invite Nick over all the time because like that gets weird. So we have to add couple friends. Well, yeah Mark Mark and I are his wife and my fiance had like a a night where we just during a blizzard went to breweries. For the entire day and I was the star of our friendship and it was just wild. That's because hey they oh my God. No Nick was there that day? Oh and William William. Oh my gosh, I forgot because I was thinking Marks Place at that time. My car got snowed in. Yeah. So I mean me and Dalton showed up. I love that so us for we started at a brewery like 5:00 p.m. In burned and Mum know we sort of inbound Brewing that like 11 a.m. That's wizard. Elderly. Yeah, and then we just hung out in the north loop area went to Fulton then modest then free house to wait out the snow storm snow storm kept coming down. Then you guys went to Uptown for some reason. Well, I mean I well we all live there. Yeah so weird and they were like, hey William sounds fun because Williams the best bar not down and if I remember correctly Nick was like hey, what are you guys doing tonight? Well, I'm high and I was fully ready to not meet up. You and we actually just ran into you there. Oh dang, it was actually completely by chance because me and Dalton went to Cece Club. Yeah, we're great bar. Yeah place and then I was like Yo, dude, I want to play some skeeball, but I also don't want to go to up down. So let's go to Williams Because also they have free peanuts big plays so went to Williams and you guys also were just in the basement were like, oh should we stay separate or should we wave to them because we know them we played the Our game at the bar for clarity you put a sorry. All right, you say 1 2 3 and then you try to guess how many fingers are on the glass last person has to finish the drink and buy the next round. Yes. Do those a rough those rough night for me. I think it worked Clark lost a couple times in a row if ever met if I remember correctly the second to last person got to choose the shot. Yeah, the loser. We also did shots doing a couple of Tequilas. He's a bad man. That's noisy. I love that. I love that bar. Williams is the best. It's my new. There's my old 1029 just the nice Dive Bar. You can always find a good time at true. I also lived two blocks from there. So partial to it also to your note onward. It's not the first openly gay Disney character. It is a shopkeeper in Frozen was openly gay. He says you who my family points the sauna it's a dude with kids and the sauna Ah, that's a real lady wife really, yes. No, it's not did you look it up neck? I've looked at all of this it there has been many outlets that have said this is the first openly gay character. I do believe it's the first part because this was a big controversy when maybe you can pause it again. But he has a husband in the steam closet. No, it's the Sada which I guess is assumed closet Checkmate egg. But no, that's so I have not seen on word hasn't come out yet. No. No, it's with Tom Holland and Chris Pratt, right? Yeah kids are trying to get their dad back. All right. Now we can jump over to the outsider. So spoiler alert if you haven't watched up to episode current I believe it's 8:00. I think that means hate it because I mean shit is building up. I would say this wasn't like another it was almost a big F. It was kind of a bigger episode. It was teased a big episode and then kind of let me down in terms of what happened. Yeah, I would say we do see some action though because one it seems like Ralph is a Believer which is he's in Unbelieving which is a it's refreshing after what seven and I think they're sitting Ralph up to just turn back on believing and do something incredibly stupid next episode. Now, he's gonna be the one to catch Elko is getting some biggest thing. Yeah, he's going to have to force himself to believe and stop this monster. Okay. So besides Ralph, yeah, we now have like visible proof of oh Cuoco. Yep, killing and eating someone which we listen for the sounds they put in there were aggressive. Yeah, we're all just like bones breaking and shit and like meat just spitting yeah when apart so you actually wrote down that Cuoco is strong enough to kill but he does he always has the Sharpshooter dude kill for him. Yeah what my main thing is, so he's like killing things and even has a human. Yep. So what's the deal with him needing to kill a kid? I've I think I have a explanation and I think we're on the same. It's the whole thing where the lady detective Lange her name is talking about he feeds on misery. So killing a kid Devastation entire family up to Meg, maybe two generations while yes killing an adult is going to be devastating but there's that extra misery and that that's what he feeds on that negative energy is a kid and we have a little bit different take. Okay. So the he says that guy was full of cancer. So that's saying that he had not a lot of life left. So a kid has the most life left the most life potential ahead of him. So by killing this fisherman that has cancer he knows that that guy has maybe what 10 years Tops ish if he doesn't catch it. Yeah, where's the kid you're catching a kid that kid proud maybe has upwards of 90 years Saudi of years equals like an energy level of it's like a life force thing. Okay. Well what if you just say tortoises on they lived like a hundred fifty? But no Miss potential misery. I don't know. I don't know how much Taurus is care about each other. Wow, what hot take how much you tortoises care? No, I think it's a good point. It's the whole is it? Like he's drawing the life force from what he eats because that externally, I mean beard. I don't know the exact lifespan of deer but it's not super long. So maybe it's a combination of like the misery they caused and the life force, but it's for me. It's like the aggressive nature. Sure of how it he kills them that makes you think it has to do something with the misery because yeah, he does tears them apart inexplicable things to them to cause extra harm while he could just kill and eat them and not leave a body to be found. Right because and I think even to Mark's point you you wrote down something. Yes. I was like do you ever like the scene in the cave where he was eating I think was a deer at this point. And this was one of the first times we saw the Sharpshooter like kind of Witnessing him eat. Yeah, and so's the bones. Yeah as he's eating like through the bones at him and I was like what the like he's a just he was in like discomfort of like hearing this like the tearing and gnashing and then for like him to kind of look over and then get a bone thrown at him. That's pretty morbid. I just didn't get I'm trying to think of like what that what the directors and what the the show's move was to like include that bone throwing what was the point. I think it was a humanized the Sharpshooter more and also just Also observing he has because he was on a somewhat a path of redemption they're talking about how when he was driving the girl to the farm. He was like 200 miles away like had no intention of taking the farm. I don't think it was to kill her. He was I think he was trying to like fight it and he was against internal struggle. I think he was trying to get information out of her to find out how to beat it. I think he was still bringing her there, but he was trying to get as much information before she was killed. I mean 200 miles that's like a that's what was going in the completely wrong direction and then he went and sat up to the hotel motel like almost killed himself. Like that's he had some internal struggle and then but just after that I can and now he's back to me that kind of peeved me a little bit where they like he had this internal struggle and all the sudden now, he's like, nope. I'm doing ever you want I just shot this dude, but I'm back. I don't know if that's almost like Elko broke him. I like a Game of Thrones thing where you know, he was treated like a dog. Come on Ramsey and yank Reek, but yeah, so I almost feel like that's kind of a the show saying like he's broken finally by all Cuoco. This is this big strong man that almost was a military sniper aside from his psych eval. Yeah and Elko has already broken him and I feel like that's why the whole the bone throwing him being uncomfortable while he ate knowing that he was sad that he was feeding. This monster and he was uncomfortable with it and then to be kind of taunted by him saying I I made you do this and I still fuck with you and you're going to do it for me again. You're going to get me another man. You're gonna be another kid. And you're not going to like it and that's fine with me. I think that's kind of what the bone throw was for me. I don't know. I'm excited to see where this week's episode goes. Now that they have like proof of the fake guy. And then now that the police have their own Elko is getting weak dude. He hasn't fed in a while on something good. Should we but he's on the run. It's almost like two convenient. They're in the same place, but it is great narrative father, but it's like yeah. Just happened to be that his brother lives in the same town as where this things happening. I I felt like there were following him because I felt like they had to be within a reasonable distance of him to say that he could have done these crimes. Well, they had no idea who was there. That was the whole rep like Revelation the end. They're like, oh my gosh. He's here. They were only in that town to be with extra Club manager today. Hey, we can prove his whereabouts correct. I thought L Cuoco was following. Oh, I see you're saying And so that he was in within reasonable. He could have done this parameters. Hmm if he was 200 miles away out of the story not possible though that DNA thrown out but if he's within 30 miles that could have been that guy so I think Elko can kind of have he has like a sense of where his scratched victim is and that new redneck guy that didn't want to be at the K Festival definitely got scratched in that altercation. The grandpa guy the the the dad of the kid that almost got us in a child's a grandpa to create a grandpa. I think so cows have also that kid stupid idiot absolute idiot. You want to come see the cave with me? Sure. Let's go like what's not know. I almost thought they were kind of hinting that the kid was a little odd. Well, yeah, but at what point do you yeah, I get it. That's like a basic don't go strangers. Everyone everyone not even the non weird kids. Yeah was also a poor plan belko. Yeah. Yeah crowded place. I don't I guess I don't mean that that they did so they sex trafficking going out to soup is true. You got it where people are moving. That's when you do it they did that's when you can lose people. So I'm curious for the next episode. They panned to the mask of cuccos wearing I want the hey there. Gonna try it like they're gonna get something off of that. That's not completely human Fawkes mask. Yeah because I feel like a cougar is almost rushing so he's not fully transform because in the picture he looked weird. Yeah this he had a saggy face still so I think you look pretty no no. He looks cute. Fuck you too much for me. It was very much a greater and like wrinkly did you remember the grandpa be looks good. The grandpa was like really weird. It was like you're a guy is like, oh no like what's going on with you? Okay, so Yeah, I will say it was someone disappointment and how much they built it up in how little happened but I think it was A build-up to a buildup. So this next episode which is the worst kind of episode. I was hoping I was hoping this I mean when we get Watchers and be a big one, the next episode has to be either it has to be a killing. Yeah, and then the last episode has to be very end. Yeah, it has been killing and then the last episode has to be the fall out of everything. I've been so tempted to just look up the book plox. I know there's a book. And I could look it up and like no, okay now 1000 you people that have read it and I've been very tempted but I've held off so I'm like you I will if I don't have the time to watch a show I was look it up. Yeah, this is one of those shows where I actually binge watch the first like half of it and now I'm super tempted to just look it up because I know I can. Just wait it out. Wait it out or just watch it or read it and then spoil it. It's gonna get crazy and I Snapchat and with that I think yeah, I think we're probably done we've gone on a little bit longer than usual. No apologies. Fuck you. Thank you for listening. Write as 5 Stars Apple podcast Spotify. Whatever you listen on we Guys listening obviously, you won't grow without you guys word of mouth is obviously always the best way to grow it's a Grassroots effort and we love you. Make sure to follow us on our Instagram. Yep topics of Interest pod. Yep with periods in between all those correct. We appreciate it. We post some I think some pretty great memes pretty dank meme. Yeah pretty dank the dankest. So yeah, but uh, yeah, thank you guys. Stay frosty. Stay frosty. We will drink it. That's it. That actually is that's about a quarter inch.