Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to this show. We do a kind ofAction to his work an overview of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this inquiry into human development. And so I think having this as a kind of piece on the board something to reference be very helpful for our Collective sense making around this topic and for my personal sense making more than that. I really appreciated an opportunity to get him to talk about some of what I've been seeing in the twitterverse how we use and misuse his 5 stage model and I thought Distinction that he makes between philosophical understanding of say stage five versus the developmental attainment of stage 5 was fascinating and important and bears contemplation for those of us who are invested in his theories to any degree. So again, I'll be releasing probably two episodes a week for the next couple of weeks have one coming. Hang out with Jonathan Reams and then Andrew Taggart and then one that I'm really excited about. I just recorded with sore you for all the founder of the monastic Academy where I live and work and then after I release these three next two episodes, I'll be headed into about a 75 day solo silent Retreat here at the monastic Academy. So that means I'll be you know, basically off-grid. Dead to the world. In fact preparing for this has been a little bit like dying, you know, I'm wrapping up all of my open loops and preparing to spend the longest period of my life that I've ever spent in continuous silence. That means no internet. No speaking to anybody but the teacher here and spending all day every day. Practicing, you know, I won't be on the internet for that time, of course, but I do have lots of really great conversations planned for when I get back that will probably be in early June or so as I mentioned last week. We'll be offering another instance of the awakened leadership boot camp here at the monastic Academy in Lowell Vermont in early June of this year. And so if you have felt inspired by the conversations you've heard on this podcast. I can really recommend that you come and join us for this week of training. It's a profound way to ground the desire to be of service in this time of transition that for me is what motivates the inquiry of this podcast into a community and eat. Elegy of practice and transformation and you know, you will leave with a much better understanding of how it is that you can approach your own development in order to become the kind of person who's trustworthy in challenging times. And so if you're interested in checking that out or learning more you can go to www.nasa.gov. Khadem e.com boot camp. It's www.nasa.gov had immediate calm bootcamp and whether you can make it in June or not. You can sign up for our email list and you can be notified of future offerings. Okay, here is Bob Keegan on the emerge podcast, please enjoy. Welcome back to emerge today on the show. I'm very excited to welcome Bob Keegan Bob. Welcome to the emerge podcast. Thank you. Daniel. Glad to be with you. Yes, I thought you know, I expect that most people listening or many people listening are at least somewhat familiar with your work, but just to set the stage. I thought a fun way to set the Would be you know, if you met somebody who was an interested and kind of geeky layperson as most of my audience is like at a cocktail party. How would you describe what it is that you do for your work? It's probably not. The first thing I would I would think to do at a cocktail party is like try to describe to somebody my life's work, but You know, my my central passion has been around human potential and the whole idea that development psychological development should not be tied to our physical development where we would imagine then that we kind of done all our growing, you know in the first 20 or 25 years. Life, which was basically the prevailing view when I entered graduate school that there was a there was a kind of a growing period for the body that that ended after the first 20 some years of life and that the growing period for the mind kind of mapped onto that identically that just never made much sense to me. And so basically I've had kind of the privilege of helping to create a whole new field. Old of adult development in the idea that while we may not get any taller than we reach in our 20s we can get psychologically taller as we grow on into our 30s and 40s and 50s and 60s and 70s and 80s and Beyond. Yeah, and so it is it the case then according to the way that you see the world now that people could be physiologically an adult biologically an adult. Human, but not be an adult according to your according to adult the field of adult development. Well, I prefer not to frame it in that way because that kind of brings us into the whole realm of kind of elitism and who has the right to say whether another person is an adult or not. But I think we can we can speak to different levels of complexity of mind and we certainly can talk about the fact that Some people as they grow and develop can kind of see more deeply into themselves and into their world. Yeah, I guess the reason I ask then is it something like people in my generation? So I'm a kind of like youngish Millennial, you know, I'm 32. There's a lot of conversations about like we call adulting, you know, we don't feel like an adult yet. I think this is maybe not unique to my generation, but it seems like it's More common to reach the age of say 30 and not really feel like an adult and so part of the inquiry of this podcast right now is like looking around asking people who study this field of adult development. It's like how do what is an adult? I've heard they exist. I I may or may not feel like it how do I kind of think about this question or approach this question of what it means to be an adult so developmental psychology in general as the field has has tended to look both at kind of the the outer kind of structure architecture of of life and and and of one's inner mental structure, so the kind of phasic approach to development thinks about a different phases that we pass through in the different kinds of preoccupying kind of concerns issues life tasks that we would take on in a given phase and adulthood then would be kind of defined by kind of entering a space where you move beyond the kind of provisional nature of let's say exploring the world of work by taking up some some initial kinds of employment where you're kind of trying things on but maybe they have not yet made a commitment to a kind of a career path that you Expect to extend into the future and and maybe you know in romantic relationships you begin to explore what that's all about for yourself, but you don't yet make a kind of lifelong commitment like marriage for example, and when you when you move Beyond kind of that provision illness to kind of begin to make these longer term commitments just for example in the Realms of love and work. that kind of eventually gets defined as adulthood and you can see how that's a sort of a an outward in kind of way of thinking about kind of the life journey and adulthood, you know, you would kind of traditionally think of someone as being an adult if they've if they've kind of you know, put stakes in the ground made these more permanent kinds of commitments, but my kind of psychology is is really asking and Pursuing a whole different kind of question and it has to do in its in its Origins not so much with kind of the outer Arrangements of one's life. But the the internal equipment it's maybe even you know my field and I generally get kind of associated with this field of adult development may be the more accurate thing to say, is that what I'm really exploring is the development of Consciousness the development of the ways people make meaning of their inner and outer experience the ways in which people construct reality and my my interest is kind of in whether the internal mental equipment continues to evolve in the way that was and remains quite well understood and was very well researched when You know entered graduate school in the 1970s. We had a very robust kind of Research Foundation for looking at the ways in which children and and older children and early adolescence and older adolescents. Don't just kind of no more stuff, you know quantitatively but the basic structure with which they're organizing what they know those structures starting with the work of Jean Piaget can be seen to to evolve. So a Piaget, you know, kind of helped us to see that children really developed through qualitatively different Logics that the the fantasy kind of world of the young child who thinks that you know, he can you can grow older than his older brother or that the moon follows him when he walks and it follows you when you walk and if you walk into different directions, it can still follow both of you that kind of illogical kind of fantasy orientation has a describable underlying structure which is what gives rise to that way of thinking and how typically as a child moves more into you know, eight nine ten years old how they give up that that logic and they begin to construct the world in a way that we would call more realistic even if quite concrete. So we understand that there are these qualitatively different Logics or psychological you could call them because they structure up more than just our thinking and when I came along in the 70s, we had a pretty robust foundation for believing in these qualitative transformations of these underlying Objects through about the first 20 years of life, but the implication was kind of that that's the end of these transformations in our inner Logics and it just as we don't get any taller than we reach in our 20s. We psychologically don't get any more complex. And so call it whatever you want. My interest has been in the in the further unfolding of our underlying Logics in the Years. And say our early 20s, which people typically think of them as adulthood. Yeah, and so you talk about the this 5 stage model your model has five stages and in particular, I think it would be helpful for us to focus in this conversation on stages 3 through 5, and you know you you don't know this Bob, but you have been featured in He conversations on this podcast previously and I think in this sort of media ecology that this podcast sort of participates in your 5 stage model of human development is often kind of named or cited or reference and you know, I think it would be really helpful for us to talk a little bit about you know, your perspective on ways. You've seen your model. Maybe get miss you. Used and abused and one way into that and that we discussed in our pre-call is I noticed that a lot of people like in Twitter and elsewhere when they talk about your model emphasize Stage 5 like that. The goal is really to get to the final stage of the model. I'm curious like what your take on that is and maybe in in responding you can also sort of build up a little bit like what what are these different stages? What do they mean? What do they entail? Sure? Yeah, so there's a lot you've asked me there. Let me try to unpack it first by just kind of being a little bit clearer even about what these stages are and and just as clear about what they are not because I think one form of misuse or misunderstanding is by kind of over crediting what they are about so You know just just very quickly kind of reference that and maybe you'll bring me back to it. There are many important Realms of human being and and inner experience that are separate and apart from the kinds of distinctions that I have been studying with in mind the context of my own theories of just as an example a sin. Of humor is a is a real thing and sense of humor a person could be you and I could both be at the same developmental stage in terms of our mental complexity, but we could have dramatically different kinds of not only different kinds of sense of humor, but I might I might not have any sense of humor at all. That might be a whole a whole dimension of living that basically You know, there's a certain way in which you can cock your head in One Direction and you can find what's funny, you know in life and that isn't related to development. I suppose the form of your humor might change as you become more complex, but whether you have an orientation to to humor or whether you have an orientation toward sort of spirituality the form of that if you have a spiritual orientation or a spiritual life or even a you know institutional kind of, you know, religious kind of orientation the forms of that will surely change as your mental system changes, but whether or not you have a kind of appetite or interest in thinking about you know, the mysterious the numinous the spiritual that's all that's a separate issue and kind of piling everything that's important about You know being a human being into the stages itself, you know, one of the most common misunderstandings and then ultimately maybe kind of a misuse of the theory, but let me let me first try to you know, get to the first part of your question, which is to kind of bring to life. What are the kinds of distinctions that might be remakes and I think you're right that if we're talking about adulthood were primarily talking about the higher stages. Of three four and five, but even understand three you've got to understand what it's what it transcends every stage in can Wilbur's on good terms transcends but includes the prior stage, so it's not a kind of a layer cake model of development where you or a ladder type or a staircase type where you just kind of move from one place to some higher perch. It's rather. They're an evolutionary kind of model where the prior form can be seen or recognized in the more complex form, but it is no longer the ruling form itself. It has it becomes an element of a more complex system. So just to take as a simple example. I was talking recently with a woman who she she counsels. work referred adolescents so kids who've run in trouble into trouble with the law and so on and she was talking about a 17 year old boy that she was trying to help and he had run into legal problems because of car theft and he was put on on probation and part of the terms of his probation was for him to see a counselor. Who was this woman and she told me about an interaction between them were he came to her after he'd been seeing her for several months and he told her that he wanted to tell her story because she thought that she would be proud of him and he proceeded to tell her a story about how he was hanging out with some of his friends who she had basically been counseling him to avoid because these were kids who also have inclination to get into trouble and he was he then told her about an incident where they came upon some cool motor scooter and they basically a hatch this idea that they were going to steal it and he said that he thought she'd be proud of him because he he not only didn't agree to go along with them. in stealing it but that he was he was very aware of his conversations with her and that he was choosing not to do it because he could see that while none of his friends were on probation that if they stole this motor scooter they could well get caught and if they did his friends would probably be just put on probation like he had been but did in his case since he was already on A vision that he would if they got caught he'd have to go to jail and in kind of thinking about that thinking about what the future, you know consequences could be of his action, you know, he decided that he wasn't going to do this and you know, he told us that the counselor with some sense of kind of, you know Triumph that he was you know, now he was able to kind of think about the future consequences of his action. And then she told me that what she said to him was I'm very glad you didn't steal the scooter and I'm glad you were you know able to think a little about you know, what could happen if you stole it and you got caught but I'm going to be honest with you and tell you that I kind of wish the reason that you didn't steal. The scooter was not just that, you know, if you got caught you could be, you know sentenced to jail, but that maybe you you would not will the scooter because you would think about how the owner of that scooter would feel and how they would you know properly feel like this was kind of a violation since the property belonging to them, you know, and not to you and she said that he listened very carefully when she said that and he looked at her and he said Yeah, I'm not there yet. And and what she told me the story as a way to kind of she was sort of crediting the ways in which Her clients actually teach her and remind her that she has to have a certain kind of patience. The story also shows you that given that she's probably developmentally more complex as a 50 year old woman might be then her 17 year old client that even though he may be constructing the world in a less complex way indirectly. He has the ability still too. Actually teach her something and that what she was realizing is that when he told her I'm not there yet. He was he was telling her something. That was absolutely true. And that what she was what she was hoping for was something that was actually Beyond the ways in which he was making sense at this time. No more particularly. According to my stage Theory. There is a stage of development the typically arises in later childhood where you basically are kind of organizing experience around your own needs. You look at the world largely as a kind of jungle might be a dangerous jungle or a benign jungle, but it's basically a collection of different. interest and people basically just are pursuing their own interests trying to avoid the penalties or cost that they could kind of run into they have the ability to take another person's perspective, but they don't have the ability to coordinate their own perspective with another person's perspective the kind of thing that the Golden Rule requires you to do, you know do unto others as you would have them do unto you You when you ask a person at the second stage, two more typically a child. What is the Golden Rule? They can often recite it perfectly by memory. And then if you ask them, what would the Golden Rule tell you to do? If somebody comes up and hits you the answer is likely to be hit him back do unto others the way they did unto you which of course is what the Golden Rule intends and the Golden Rule actually requires a whole different stage, which is You you think about you know, the other person's point of view think about your point of view think about them together. If the take the point of view of you know yourself being the other person all of the sorts of things which tend to lead to the construction of interpersonal relationships that are not based solely on what you can get off the other person just basically having your interest met but where the relationship itself becomes intrinsically important you have an interest in your need your own. Jurist transcends just your immediate self-interest but the interest of maintaining the relationship itself and when the counselor was telling the Adolescent that she wished that he would have not stolen it for a different reason. She was really asking for or hoping for more of the stage three reason which would be one in which he was able to construct the relationship itself. See how the other person would feel see how if he were in that other person's shoes. Wouldn't like his motor scooter to be stolen and so on and basically what you was saying is I'm glad you didn't steal it but I wished you didn't steal it for at least a stage 3 reason and he was basically back to her. Yeah. I'm not there yet. I'm still in stage 2. So stage 3 is about the ability to be shaped by the expectations and values of your surround and represents. The reason I'm taking you through the stories so that Stage 3 gets its proper credit every stage needs to be understood for the ways in which it is an advance against the limits of the prior stage but itself a limitation with respect to the stage to come. So in normal conversations, this goes also to your question about common misunderstandings or misuses in normal conversations about my theory in the context of adult development stage 3 tends to be Disparaged and to be kind of condescended to and to be sort of look down upon where I want to suggest that every stage can so to speak be looked down upon that is it can be addressed with respect to its limits but it also must be addressed with respect to its strengths. So the stages of the strength of stage 3, is that a person and you can imagine what a strength that would B if this the seventeen-year-old eventually grows to a place where he is not just run by his own immediate needs and interests, but he it becomes intrinsically not extrinsically but intrinsically important to him to maintain important relationships so that he might subordinate even a bit of his own personal need or self-interest on behalf of the relationship itself and that augmented the development of stage 3 or what we call the socialized mind is essentially as saying that you become you become socialized you become a part of society a sort of sociological construct because of a psychological capability and that capability is that you become more a part of society because you've made society more a part of you that is you actually internalized the the the expectations the a shared view of reality whether that is the internalization of your parents views or your your faith community or your country's views. You're you're you're just imbibing unconsciously taking in, you know, whatever the kind of subtle values are that run. Our culture so lets you know, let's take a local kind of American context. If you grew up in the United States, I think you're going to just when you become move into stage three and you sort of are taking in the values of your surround you may take in certain tonic values of freedom of you know of democracy of people having a right to their own View. Use and so on you may also take in the toxic elements of our culture such as it's you know built in patriarchal or race advantage in disadvantaging Elements, which are also a part of our culture. So the strength of stage 3 is this ability to empathize to tune into how other people are thinking and feeling and to care about those things intrinsically if these are people that you admit to your your tribe to be a member of a tribe to actually take out identification beyond your own sort of self-interest to join a larger community and identify kind of with its beliefs, but the limitation of the socialized mind of stage 3 Pivot around the the very same abilities that is you tend to be made up by or shaped by these external Expectations by your identifications with whatever tribe you feel. Like you're a part of which could be a religious tribe or an ideological tribe or patriotic tribe and you don't yet have the ability to stand apart from and evaluate these Expectations by bringing them to some internal self-constructed seat of judgment some personal Theory or ideology that you yourself have constructed and you don't have that ability because you are embedded in or subject to the expectations of the the of the surround rather than having transcended them make them now an object or element of a more complex system that is able for example to resolve the contradictions and conflicts that this the third stage cannot resolve what if in one valued relationship I'm expected to act in believe one thing but in another valued relationship I'm expected to act and believe a different thing That that creates a kind of Crisis. So to speak even just an understanding that transcends the limits of the socialized mind because it has no bigger system within which to prioritize or make judgments about these these counter demands. You just have to kind of choose which tribe I guess would be more important to you in order to and I will finish this long speech here very very quickly, but you know in order Order to be able to resolve that you need to not just be written upon by your culture kind of inscribed by your cultures values. You need to kind of pick up the psychological pain. So to speak in your own hand and basically be the author of your own meaning making system and that is the essence of what happens in the fourth stage. What we call the stage of self authorship where you become more of an authority internally rather than being subject to the tribal isms and the fundamentalisms that have been shaping you or making you up. So let me just very quickly then say that the self authoring mind and is itself an enormous accomplishment in the sense that it allows you. To now stand apart a bit from the the expectations of your surround whether the culture at large or the most immediate way that you experience the culture to interrogate it to interrogate its arrangements to look at these things to make your own independent decisions kind of about them to affirm them. Not just because it'll make you a member of the tribe it because it it fits with your own internal system. To reject them for the same reason and that is its strength its limitation is that you are now identified not with the expectations of your surround but you're identified with the workings of your own internal ideology your own internal system, which will have a lot of power a lot of ability to kind of kind of make sense. So to speak of all the data by its own internal logic, but it too has a limitation Ation, and that limitation is that any any system is inevitably incomplete and tends to you know, leave out its opposite and leave out other elements. And that's that recognition is what what fuels the development even beyond the self authoring mind to what we call the self transforming mind a more fluid kind of internal psychology that And is it is on the alert for the ways in which we can get too attached to one particular ideology and create that an even bigger self that can hold onto multiple systems which is stage five or the self-transforming mind. So that was just a quick tour for people who may not be familiar with the distinctions as to what the different stages are actually referring to. Yeah, that's that's awesome. Thank you. And so, you know, I'm the the question that I really want to hear your reflect on what comes up for me is there is I notice this real Focus On Stage 5 right often when I hear about it. I think I'm imagine. This isn't just in the weird Twitter subculture that I participate in I think that this is It you presumably also experience with regards to your theories. And and I think part of that, you know, we can just explain away is like people just want to be the coolest highest sexiest age like very good but there's also something that I you know, I heard you say I've heard you speak this in a talk as well as I think you wrote this somewhere that stage 5 is never achieved before the age of 40 is this is this something that you believe is still true. I'm curious. Well, okay. I'll answer that question. And then I want to back up to the kind of the earlier version of that question because you're closing question is a really an empirical question. Right? So we have developed and others have developed their own kinds of measures which have their own virtues and limitations but we have you know, since the 80s. Led by my colleague Lisa Leahy constructed a measure. It's an interview process that allows for a very fine grained analysis of the person sort of epistemological center of gravity. What is the main way of knowing the knowing system the filter through which they're constructing the world so that that is the that measure Is the means by which we move this from a theory to something that can actually be tested and where we can assess overtime, you know, whether you know, someone is developing and so on. So the question of you know, is it true that you can't get to Stage 5 before midlife or before 40 or something like that isn't a that that's an empirical question and you know that we have thousands of Assessments of People's development and all you have to do to dispute that claim as with any a you know, Universal claim is come up with a single counter instant. So all you have to do is you know a show me the transcript of a subject-object interview. That's the name of our assessment tool in which you know, somebody younger than 40 is going to be assessed kind of at Stage 5 and I have but yet seen that okay. I've been doing it for you know, 40 42. I'm here but I'm not saying it's impossible. I'm just saying periodically you haven't seen actually good. Well, okay. So this leads into the the tension that I want to speak to which I think cuts through a lot of Developmental Theory which is the gap between understanding philosophically higher stages and being at a higher stage developmentally and I think you know I'm thinking for instance of this idea that you say that the kind of transition from four to five is the Insight or the the Gap is seen that any system is inevitably incomplete. Right and I'm aware that in many liberal arts colleges young people are taught in postmodern philosophy that systems are always inherently incomplete and they understand that Phyllis. Sophocles and yet developmentally. They may not have gotten there and I would love for you to speak to this Gap and kind of clear it up like the this distinction between understanding something philosophically like off stage 5. I get it versus actually being Stage 5 and the work that takes and what it is. Yeah. Yeah. So first of all, I mean absolutely right that there is an important distinction between being able to Kind of grasp The Contours of a meaning making system from the outside versus the ability to actually enact it in your in your living. So I mean like a very simple version of that is the one that I just referred to write that a 10 year old can tell you the Golden Rule The Golden Rule formally this ability, you know to do unto others as you would have them do. Do unto you, you know requires a at least some abstracting capability requires at least the third stage, but you know, a ten-year-old can kind of memorize it and and spool it off, you know for you, but then when you actually ask them to act out of that logic, they showed that they're unable to do it. Now the same thing is true in a subject object interview. I mean one of the first It's of any assessment method, you know in Psychology is the question can the respondent fake good. In other words, they could they fool the test taker by sort of knowing the right answers to give and thereby lead us to mistakenly conclude something about them that you know, that isn't true and the subject object interview. Holds up pretty well against you know that Criterion. It's it in the in the hands of a good interviewer. It's not really possible to fake a stage that you yourself are not actually at so your your bright liberal arts student example might be able to you know described at a first level kind of intellectually which is sort of analogous to being able I memorized the Golden Rule they might be able to sort of describe the structure of mind that we would call Stage 5. But then in the course of the interview as we actually asked people to make sense of their own kind of boundary experiences. That's what the interview does it. It kind of invites you to take a quick inventory of experiences like lately that you've been to. A feeling in your own life of any situation where you felt in some conflict or were you felt angry or where your felt like something a precious was at stake for you and a number of these other kind of liminal or boundary type experiences, which every person who's ever been interviewed in the first 15 minutes can generate a number of these real Lively experiences for them in their present. And then the interview is about probing experiences what tell me about you know, You felt so torn and what was really at stake and so on it becomes impossible for the person to try to imagine how somebody would answer this question who was at a stage different than their own. So, you know, this is the difference between sort of intellectually sort of understanding something and actually being able to enact it. I do want to go back though to this other point you're making which I think is absolutely true, which is one of the misunderstandings and misuses of theory is this notion that You know that that these stages are almost something like consumable luxury items and so you don't necessarily want to have the biggest house or the most expensive car. But you want to be at the highest stage, right and that's sort of a commoditization of Developmental Theory and you could sort of ask yourself like if a person has an aspiration to be Stage 5 Is the source of that aspiration if the source is well, I think that all the cool people aren't Stage 5 and I want to be seen as a cool person. Then which basically are looking at is a stage 3 aspiration to be Stage 5 or if the person says no it isn't about how other people will think about me. I I want to I want to be right I want to be, you know, kind of bulletproof. I want to I want my thinking to be free of errors and limitations. I want to be kind of lockdown pure kind of knower of the world. Well that might be you might be looking at a kind of stage four kind of version of the aspiration to be Stage 5, right and you've got my number Bob Taylor. Yeah. Early 30s. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's that's that's really that's really interesting and helpful. I think and I would just encourage, you know, I in participating in this culture that you're you know, you're inspiring but not a part of I would just say like I invite everybody who's in that culture to really consider that you may not be Stage 5 and just see what that That's like and see what happens if that's a possibility for you and take Bob's words quite seriously because I think it's what I notice is this kind of nascent elitism and other incur taking place on using these kinds of Developmental theories, and I'm very wary of it because at the same time as that is a possibility possible way to use these theories. We can also talk about how they can be used to. Help us meet great developmental challenges that are kind of collective is facing right now. And so maybe if we could use the remainder of our time to really look at the transition from stage 3 to stage 4 kind of positioning that really as the critical transition. Yes, so right I mean that's that is another one of the problems with kind of first of all, I mean, I had never want to dampen somebody's enthusiasm to connect with or engage developmental Theory. So I don't want to come off as a scold here. I think it's I think it's terrific that people would you know get interested in these kinds of ideas and that these communities that you described that they exist at the same time. I would as your question is suggesting I would I would I would say that if you want to kind of be attending to. Where The Heart of the of the transformative action is kind of in the world it isn't yet about the transformation from the 4th to the 5th stage from the self authoring to the self-transforming stage. It is much more as your question suggests in the transformation from the socialized to the self authoring mind. This is if I had to do this, I think probably somewhat grandiose a think of sort of commenting on the world in general, but it's something which I think we all have an increasing temptation to do because the pulp the processes of globalization and our communication systems are such that we we can feel a certain kind of connection to the planet Beyond just our own locality if you were to ask me Kind of where do I think the center of gravity is kind of for adults in the world. What is the what is kind of the main kind of Developmental birthing that is sort of working itself out at this time in the you know, the history of our species. I would say that it is the the the provision of more and more. It's for people to make the move from a kind of tribal fundamentalist identification into the realm of self authorship. And for anybody who still has a kind of attachment to the sexiness of stage 5 and it's and it's sort of you know, like preoccupied kind of with with that and and who may think that this earlier transformation is, you know, no in is lacking in its in its inspirational potential. I would just invite them to think again of how incredibly important it is for the for the person at an individual level and for their community and for our species as a whole for people to be able to transcend the limitations of the socialized mind. because especially for people who would come out disadvantaged or on the on the kind of more oppressed side of any dominant narrative, you know, if you are a person of color in a kind of white privileging world if you are a woman in a patriarchal world, Or any of the other kinds of quote-unquote minorities identifications. There's a way in which you are disadvantaged by the prevailing air you breathe the the prevailing narrative in in the you know in the culture in which you live and you will identify just reflexively and unconsciously. with your your your lower or dominated position in such a system imagine and we see the most inspiring kind of examples of this all around ourselves when people are able to move to self authorship where they can move that whole narrative to a from subject to object where they can look at it where they can interrogate it where they can critique it and where they can Claim a kind of personal power that would otherwise not be available to them. This is extraordinary extraordinary liberating. And at the same time. We also see that people who are advantaged in any kind of current social Arrangement what happens for them and for their, you know brothers and sisters around them when they can make the same move. And for example interrogate their own privilege and recognize that many of the of the freedoms and privileges that they enjoy are unwarranted or just unwarranted and are at the expense of their you know, fellow humans who are you know, being disadvantaged. So on the one hand I want to say that this the the the more Will support for self authorship are they are they bring in among some of the most inspiring and most hopeful elements of our of our current circumstances at the same time? And this is just as important. There is a kind of Shadow and light kind of quality to all developmental Transformations because at the same time that they ultimately come to be experienced as a process of expansion and gain in their initial phases as you are uncoupling in experiencing a kind of disjunction with the prior stage that shows up as an experience of loss. The if you if you begin to move your your surround your community your culture and so on from subject to object your that you initially feel it's very destabilizing. You can feel your kind of at some risk, you know being included in the protections and the provisions of the culture and so on. So this is to kind of ask us to Think about the forms of threat. And risk that the very same supports for self authorship can lead to for people who are not yet ready to receive these kinds of messages as support and receive them instead as kinds of threats or violation. So for example, just to move this from maybe a little bit too abstract to You know much more specific. I just give you a few examples that come to mind for me. I happened through a weird set of events on the day after the 2016 presidential election the United States. I happen to find myself in the company of several people a whole group of people. Some of whom many of whom had not voted for Donald Trump and who were a bit shocked or more than a bit shocked by the results of that election, but were there were also people who were clearly Trump supporters. and I thought this is pretty interesting because I was guessing that the day after the election there weren't all that many liberal Harvard professors who were actually sitting around in a group with a number of trump supporters and the Trump supporters began talking with each other within earshot of the rest of us kind of about the results of the election and you know someone's said because one of them was wearing a make America great hat and somebody said to the person while I was quite an election and that led them to a little discussion where the I think the rest of us who are still shocked by the whole result just kind of sat and listened but what I was struck by was the change between these people who had voted for Trump and we're clearly happy with the results of the election and what I noticed in their discourse with each other was that there wasn't a whisper of you know chest-thumping or spiking the football the what they were saying with what they were conveying was an extraordinary relief and what they were saying was things like I thought my country had fallen asleep and now I feel feel like it's awake again or I felt like I had lost my country by my inference kind of I had lost it to you know a black man sleeping in the White House a very Progressive agenda that that felt completely alien to my definition of what it means to be an American and what America itself You know means to them and what what I felt that you know, what they were expressing what I was experiencing and that was how enormously difficult the last eight years had been for them where you know, you had the head of the country basically promulgating when I would call supports for further development supports for you. No greater degrees of self authorship. So that's just one example. Another quick example is that I worked with the group of clergy who were trying to reconstruct their liturgies so that they would be more meaningful to the adults in their congregation who were not finding these wrote prayers and so on we're speaking to their spirituality and they you know, they learned about developmental Theory and they started changing the Liturgy in two ways. That would be more resonant to self authorship. So they for example, they some of them stopped delivering a sermon and more conducted a dialogue you know in church or something like that so the people could feel like they were actually you know co-constructing their religious observance and I got a call from a clergyman happen to be a rabbi who was told me that he had been meaning to call me because he appreciated so much kind of this whole seminar and the and that he felt it the changes were working very well in terms of Greater degrees of engagement on the part of many adults who were formerly just sort of dropping their kids off for Sunday school but weren't engaged themselves as adult he said but you know I'm actually calling you for a different reason because I had an exchange yesterday with a woman in my congregation that Disturbed me and I wondered you know what you would think about it and he proceeded to tell me about a woman in her 40s who came To see him who was it was similar age, but it was clear that she kind of deferred to him almost as if he were older generation because he was in the role of being the rabbi and she said to him Rabbi. I have been a member of this congregation since I was a small child. I sit in the very same seat the very tip you that I sat next to my parents who've now, you know passed on and every time I go to the synagogue I kind of Of revisit my experience with my with my parents and I see the ways that you've changed the services and I you know, I trust that your what you're doing is you know is right and it's you're doing it for the best reason but we're no longer saying the same prayers and I find that it's very disturbing for me. And so he asked her what can you say more? You know why it's disturbing and she said, well really I'm left with this question. huh, you know I said these prayers as a child sitting next to my parents and I heard them say the prayers and then after they died, you know, I went as much for them as for me and I said the same prayers that you know, I'd heard my parents say and I believe that prayer is a way of speaking to God and so my the thing is disturbing me the thing I want to know Rabbi is all these past years all these all these years the ways that my that my parents spoke to God. Was that wrong? now this again is kind of I think a very poignant kind of reflection of a kind of concern that can, you know come up with the in it within the socialized mind where where the this newness which may be very resonant, you know to self authorship feels like a fundamental violation of something close to an article of faith and seems to to invalidate You know some precious set of connections that run through time, you know and of for this woman third quick example, and then I'll try to sum up the implications of these examples. I had a very sophisticated middle-aged Islamic doctoral student some years ago, and I asked her after September 11th and so on. Do you know if she could help me understand? What was her view? She was a faithful modern Islamic believer. Who was you know appalled obviously by September 11th, and I said to her, you know, I understand the way the Western press explains, you know, why people, you know would we kill themselves flying into our buildings and so on and kill other people's no, but but but I would like to know your view and what you told me. I'm going to share this now, but I'm not sharing it in the sense that I think she's speaking the truth. I'm sharing it because if if it which is saying is even true for some people it exemplifies the point I want to make and what you said was that she said, well this may shock you a little bit since you've asked I'm going to give you my answer. She said I think the first thing you have to understand that Islamic fundamentalist terrorism is led by men. They may recruit women with the main people who are leading it arf. The Mentalist Islamic men and I think you have to understand that in a globalized world Western values are permeating permeating the world and it for a funded for a force for some fundamentalist Islamic men the the whole issue of who controls the sexuality of the Islamic woman is fundamental to their identity and the the Western values of Freedom including the ways in which it did UPS of fundamentalist Arrangements between the genders and in particular the notion that a woman would have the freedom to make her own decisions about her own sexuality including who her partner would be and how she would Express her sexuality. I don't think that it's really even possible for you to understand the level of threat of disruption of the complete violation of one's manly identity. T if there's any kind of questioning as to his authority with respect to his woman and I believe that I'm all the Western values. This is the one that is most destabilizing and it's so destabilizing that it's equivalent to kind of being continuously triggered in the most ultimate way. So what if she said what if Islamic terrorism is essentially an expression of Of triggering where you feel that your very life is at stake by the disruptive values that are being promulgated, you know from the West. Okay. Now, I don't even know if this is if that's true, but what's common to all these examples, you know, the relieved Trump supporters the woman who finds that the prayers have been changed. or fundamentalists who believe that their own their lives are literally being threatened by these disruptions what these things are reminder to us is that the very support the very moves the very messages the very forms of receptivity that are so resonant to someone who it has begun the transformation from from the socialized to the self authoring mind that those very mousse which come across as supports absolutely vital and precious supports to people who are in the midst of that transition even for people who are still very very identified firmly with the socialized mind those same kinds of messages and supports show up as threats even enormous threats threats that risk you know the our whole human civilization given the accident you know Weaponry that can you know that anyone can make a bomb a bomb on the internet so this is just a way to suggest that there are both Shadow and light Dimensions to this most fundamental transformation and it is kind of a of a plea to people who think about who care about issues of development to sort of ask themselves what we certainly don't want to lessen the support reduce the support that are being made available to for more and more people to develop into the self authoring mind at the same time if you push people if people feel they're being pushed into a place that they're not yet ready to go they're going to react to that and those reactions can be not just personally disruptive but they can be collectively lethal reactions and that behooves us then to be thinking about how do we respond to the socialized mind in ways that respect it and hold it still it is more likely one is more likely to be able to you know Step Beyond it