welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time to rest get ready for some epic wisdom heading your way. This is an episode. You don't want to miss enjoy just keeps life interesting. There we go. There we go. I'm Lindsay by the way. I didn't see and I'm Sarah. Hi Sarah. Nice lady three you to I'm so excited. What time of day is it with you? 10:30 a.m. Yeah, not too bad. Not too bad. Yeah, it was a little it was a little hectic getting here. I'm at lyndsey's house right now. And we had like a bit of an ice storm last night. Just a little bit Yeah. I had like a good like inch Maybe Of ice covering my entire car. So that was that was great. Yeah. Hello. No. No, it's called where you are. That's where we get along. It's cold. Definitely not warm it that way. Yeah remind me where you are you P obviously both live in the same town or yes. Yeah. We're from we're in Nova Scotia here in Canada. Yeah, so So it's it's very cold. I was just telling Alexander that last night. We had a good old ice storm. So getting here today was a little bit hectic. I had yes cancelled or my my eldest. So I was like, yeah literally everything is covered in ice right now. Like it's like a thick of ice everywhere so which is pretty pretty classic for Nova Scotia. I finally we have a tendency of it rarely snows it rarely like get ice, but You get flushes. So yeah lashes and then it freezes. Yeah, so it's just yeah. Whoa. Oh, it sounds fun. Kind of with a really scary. Let me to way too. Scary. Just yeah, it's very goth foof. It's not ideal the worst the worst year was when I was pregnant with my first and that would be that we had like I think with every Wednesday we had a storm. Oh, yeah, and it was like I see everywhere all the time. Yes it Was and so I was like like six or seven months pregnant just like shambling around trying not to die. Yeah, you feel so vulnerable. Anyway, when you're pregnant you feel so sort of protective somebody actually it was free. I see when I was pregnant like she slipped and I had a bad fall on the ice when I was pregnant. So I relate to that story. Oh, no, what's that has happened to me? That's are you reminding me of my traumas they go. Explains why my daughter's all that moment right there. Yeah. That was it. That was it. So Shawnee, I know that we just introduced ourselves to Alexandra, but we didn't get a chance to do with you. I'm Sarah. Okay. Hello, Lucy, then Z we just quickly. How do you how did you two meet ha ha ha. Is it not a quick story? It's version is eight years ago. Both worked at Starbucks Coffee babe walked in with her pin curls and are bright red lipstick and I was like, oh no, I don't know who she is, but I need to yeah, nice. Yeah, and then it's just been a love affair ever since ah, well, not really though. It was like a distant love affair. It was more like an active social media stalking for a few. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and then in the last session videos just kick it I'm amazed it survived that stage of the Journey of social media stalking about his business. It's a good it's for real. Yeah, that's how you know, it's a real friendship with fansite was like Mutual stock in BO and different we were actively all right. Yeah. You trust a rookie. It's different when it's just a one one handed. That's true. It was welcomed. So yeah. Yeah, and then and then you're in a half ago your go. Yeah, here we go. Yeah, you're gonna be were like ha ha we're both moms and we're both losing our mind and let's get together and do some stuff finally and take it onto a take it back into the real world and the offline or online and then the rest is kind of History. Yes, I'm was born and we've been Inseparable ever since Yeah, yeah every every week we're together recording and doing wild things and now we're doing this and I like it very very good. And what is your life who are the people were speaking to? Give us a just give us a feel for who's out there? Ha ha ha we've got like a some pretty amazing women majority of our audience is definitely either mothers were Were women who are wanting to journey into motherhood at some point lots of women, I would say like in the early days of motherhood like the first five years. Yep, and looking to kind of reconnect to themselves and find find themselves in the the craziness. That is motherhood. Hmm. And also they're fierce sexy amazing selves. Yeah. So a lot of what we talked about on the podcast is indeed. Motherhood Womanhood and we also get into a lot about pleasure sensuality. And we also talked a lot about menstruation and connecting to that basically connecting to the parts of ourselves as women that's been shamed and neglected and we want to bring it to the Forefront and kind of say, you know, no more of this no more casting in the shadows were bringing it fully in the light. We're talking about everything and that's that's what we do every week. We talked about the taboo. Next we talk about the things that bring a shame and it's also the things that turn us on the things that turn us on. Absolutely. Yeah, great. That sounds fun. Yeah, so we were hoping that you both of you would perhaps introduce yourselves like because I've talked about wild Power a lot on the podcast and I've mentioned the two of you a lot, but it's different coming from the two of you. And I think if you could both share your story of how it how wild Power came to be and how the two of you came to be my me myself. I would just be so excited to hear it. Okay. Yeah, so I'll story about about each of us and I'll sort of Journey with wild Power. Yeah, I guess it sort of starts with me a Shawnee. Yeah, it's a big question. It rolls all the way back to do. Maybe my first bleed but that I was I had a beautiful first bleed and in my 20s. I was very much into cycle awareness in a fertility awareness. I just thought that was a kind of a political tactic sure. They'll all women should know about their bodies and how they work. Yeah, and I used to be a little militant about that. And but I was an innocent as we all are in their twenties to the kind of deeper forces that have course. We now articulate in our work, but it's almost as though I think of it now almost as though those forces were courting me they were with me because when I can look back over journals now and see how it was coming through because I was a great Journal writer, but I was sort of oblivious and then in my early 30s I had moved just moved. Australia to live from England and I got the menstrual pain from Hell. Hmm and this menstrual pain came back every month and the pain was absolutely insane and it would last for three days even for and I I just made this radical decision to believe in my body and follow it as I wasn't going to do drugs and surgery. I just had given up on auto you know, I was I was Only doing all you know, I was only interested in alternative meds and natural Therapies. And I thought okay. All right. I'm all yours buddy. That wasn't you know, it sounds very simple to say it like that. It was quite a negotiation to actually really face my pain and really neat it and but I had to give space to menstruation to be able to do that. And that meant then really knowing about my cycle will I was always already doing fertility awareness. So I had that kind of Come to standing but really I began what we now are sort of early prototype of menstrual cycle awareness. And then when it came to menstruation itself, I would try to give myself as much space as possible so that I didn't have to take painkillers because the pain was shattering and I couldn't do normal life when I had the pain and occasionally I had to do painkillers, but somehow he knows evolved involved story. But essentially I would just try to go cold turkey into the pain. And meet it each month and and it became revelatory over time, you know to its I think back to it now and I it was like I was stripped to the bone of my soul, you know, right down to the essence of my soul through facing going right into the heart of the pain and with time and do using natural therapies particularly diet and so on and it did take time the pain began. to ease and and as I entered the pain it was like the veils falling from my eyes, you know, it's like I could see into something and as the pain eased I started to then feel more of this sort of power of menstruation the kind of altered stated not of it the Ecstasy of it the the rootedness in to myself my God, I used to Route into myself if Lee And this all became sort of revealed. It was like the veils parted and and it grew from there. I was healing my body and I was learning all these things about my cycle and menstruation and I was training to be and then becoming a psychotherapist and that time and so, you know, it started to seep into my work with women how and I would listen to women with menstrual problems and it was listening to their individual. Stories that I would get these in sight. Oh, wow. That's what's happening. They would just make throwaway lines and I go oh my God, that's it. And then I began running workshops on menstrual health because I thought no one's going to come to a workshop on menstruation. So they suffer and wonderful role hospital for women in Sydney. I had this education department and an enlightened woman there and she let me know she sort of brought me in so to speak and I began running these workshops and I became I'm well known for them coverage in the press and so on and so women used to come and again their stories. I you know, I would share my ideas thoughts of them and then they would somehow digest it and feed something back to me and it was just this process of Revelation over time. And that is always how we've worked isn't it shiny its deep engagement with our own bodies. And then the sharing of it with other women and then hearing other women digest it and then into their own lived experience and feed it back to us and feedback just in their words or with the experience and in this is kind of Illumination that happens and so it's literally these teachings have risen out of our lived experiences not out of any textbooks, but all the way out of us and our abiding. Shinto the process of the cycle itself. So, you know, I wrote my first book while Jeanne and then I did what all good menopause women do is change everything about your life. But when I came back to live in the UK and that's of course when I connected with Shaunie, I had been running workshops before then in the UK because I used to come back and visit and Shaunie had done one of those workshops and then through a series of synchronicities. There's always been a lot of magic around how Ernie and I have connected and work together. Yeah, we began our partnership. This would be what 11 years ago. Now a SHINee something closer to them. Yeah our handed the Baton to you surely because your story. Yeah. Well, I love hearing your story our story Alexandra because actually as you describing it now you sort of reminding me of because your original question to us was you know, how did while power come into being and it sort of reminds me of how all creative things come into being which is also true of course of you know children is that they are always first conceived in the dark and it's sort of invisible and it happens below the radar and there is this immense amount of growth and change and Awakening that's happening and then suddenly is here, you know, it's a manifest book or a baby and Alexandra's Journey, you know it started nearly 40 years ago really kind of tells the story of how how all just the real the lineage of what we teach and talk about and wild Power but also how meaningful the disturbances and so-called disruptions and problems in our lives are and and how they are a gateway to something new coming through which is very much how the cycle works, you know ways to Open system problems shop in the cycle are really calling our attention to ourselves. And and in that something new tends to come through. So I love Alexandra story and also in her inner story. She also sort of reveals a little bit of the power of menstruation, which is really at the heart of our work and it was her her attention to and her giving herself to ministration that allowed that part start to come through and that really has fueled menstrual. Leti and it's Evolution and growth and certainly our understandings of it. So my my story which I know there are people out there will relate it. I was I did sort of opposite Alexandra. She thought it was a kind of good feminist act to do practice fertility awareness and I thought it was a good feminist Act take the contraceptive pill initially Pearl and then that didn't work for me. So I went on to the contraceptive. And you know, I felt like I was really making a powered in the empowered choice and I really had no idea and I was without a menstrual cycle for 7 years. So I've really experienced what it's like to have absolutely no sense of this intelligence awaken alive in me and you know, those seven years I refer to as like the seven, you know, the seven fat years the seventh in years. Those were the seventh in years it Was a very kind of lean time both in terms of my life. But also my inner life I felt very kind of numb and dead and stuck and I just couldn't quite kind of find my mojo and I had a hunch that it wasn't quite right on the injection, but I didn't really know what to do and then fortunately luckily love the title of your podcast by the way, Mom gasm. Well, I had my own like As an interruption which was that I started experiencing this pain after having orgasm and it was very interesting because you know, I love pleasure, you know in all its forms. Honestly. I'm I'm like really a pleasure in all areas of my life. I see it as such a source of power actually enjoy and so my precious watered really sort of stopped me in my tracks and well Well, this is going to do something about this and I figured out the contraception was playing Havoc with my system. And when I came off it, of course the pain went away, but also my Cycles return and it was you know, it was it was it was like receiving the first rain after a period of drought, you know, there was this moisture nourishment that returned to my system and my feeling life returned and my connection to myself came back and Move the movement in my life started to happen and it was around that time that everything opened. And of course my my calling with to serve menstrual is he just came through loud and clear and I just knew this was the thing. I needed to follow even though I didn't know exactly what it was wasn't a thing yet. I was following the scent and Alexandra is very much a part of that. So, you know when we came together, it was just really fun and joyful to be working together. Gether and and fast-forward wild Power the book that you so beautifully celebrate and share with your community here. Thank you really was it happened? Because we needed to put these ideas down. We had accumulated such a rich body of understanding and a very detailed articulation of this in a cosmology this in a landscape that we women experience and we need To put it down because when women read this suddenly, they recognize their own experience, you know, they go ahead that is and and it's putting the words to it and giving the vocabulary and helping women to recognize that what they're experiencing is just as it should be on some level restores Summit. It just makes us feel normal again, doesn't it? Yeah, that's that's really what medicine in and of itself. Absolutely absolutely Hey, I listen to the two of you talk. I am blown away by your stories and it's also blown away by listening to you. But I'm also blown away because I can hear my own story in yours as well. You know, how you just said Shawnee of restoring that power. You know, that's really where where I was it was two years ago, maybe a year and a half ago. I know it was June of 2008. Team and I was taking this wonderful course, it was called she Quest summer school and was offered by a wonderful woman here in our city. And in this course one of the problems for that week was talking about. I think it was Shakti and the book while power came up. And I I saw I saw the the description and immediately. I thought what is this book? Like even even the the design of it? I looked and I thought I need this book in my life that there's something that's calling me to this book. I immediately bought it. I opened it up. I read probably half of it in a couple of days and from that point on my life began to change before discovering the book I had. Interest in my menstrual cycle none and I had already given birth to two children, you know, I was fully into motherhood. I had lost all meaning of what it meant to be Sarah and I was grappling for that to find my inner self again. I was grappling to find that fire of what lights me up and this book did that I by connecting to my cycle by finding what it meant. To for to me to be a woman to bleed to live to give birth to feel juicy to feel pleasure. I awaken to something I didn't know was there and from that point on it was only a few months later. I think it was six months later. We birth mom gets home and all along this trajectory of mom gasm and my path while power has been there every day all my bedside table I go back to it. Now teaching it. I'm now giving the knowledge to other women and their there is a thirst there that so many women are coming to me. They're saying what is this? What are these inner Seasons? I immediately hand them the book. I like just just go sit down and read this book. It will change your life. I feel that this is sacred vital knowledge and I loved what you said of it being an inner cosmology. That is exactly what it is. It is like the backbone of Fine feminine inner cosmology and it's I just feel that it's if you're not practicing MCA, I think that with you you were the one practicing fertility awareness. Yeah. And so when I was like saying to you all the things that I was learning to look well that's very similar to fertility awareness method but it differed in some ways but you've been practicing it for a while weren't you? Yeah, so I mean similar to you Alexander at like I was just really Hard into all of the natural things and I really wanted to have this ownership of my body and especially for me where I was born with a congenital heart defect in a lot of my life felt completely out of my control and a lot of my existence in my body felt very out of my control. I wanted to have every opportunity to connect deeply to my inner workings so that I could understand my body better and feel like I'm at the helm of What is what is happening to me? And also so I could stand up and have more of that Primary Care role, even when dealing with the medical system of like no, this is my body. I know it intimately and this is what I want to happen in. This is this is me negotiating for what what needs to move forward and so I've been Loosely Loosely practicing for stability or an S method in the sense that Kind of gives a child slip through didn't it? You know those were both intentional very good. Very good. Very good what to snack then Lindsay know back in the sense that I know my body well enough that I don't have to take my son my temperature every day. Yeah that you can get to that. It's great. So it's more so I got so finally in tune with my body and with checking with my cervical mucus and my sir. Exposition every day and just starting to eventually be able to feel where my body is without actually needing to do all of those things every single day that you know, Lindsay listening to you. This is power. Yeah. This is the most amazing power when you can feel the mechanisms of your body in that way you are rooted into the most delicious juiciness with yourself and I always feel that women who practice psych facility When this had this certain sort of swagger to them this sort of phenomenon like I'm ovulating today. You don't the fish like it's just so cool because it's hidden from the world. But you know, you could feel it and it builds this Exquisite sensitivity of it's like ground level education, but body literacy, I mean that's a term that's been used for really being able to read Your body in such detail and then if you bring in minstrels what we call menstrual cycle awareness into that mix man, you are unstoppable with that combination. You're in charge of your body and it gives you such a Clarity and Boundary thickness about who you are and who you are not, you know, as you know, and I'm talking about this in terms of relationship, you know. Particularly, you know, but in all aspects it should be just 101 for women's education this because it is so it's so yummy, and it's so cool when you know it and that that like level of subtlety and knowing of yourself that you develop Infiniti awareness you developing that same Acuity with cycle awareness, but it's really getting to know your own inner landscape also. With that same fine Attunement so you can really feel the the gear changes in your system and you can really you can really pace yourself which is really what our what cycle awareness gives you and it's very kind of basic level this capacity to orientate to your own needs and changing nature in a way that keeps you so fluid and fluent and you know aligned and yourself and so these two things go hand in hand, so that's body. Juicy and Cyclone winds brings this emotional literacy really which is such a powerful combination. Yeah. I know. It's been it's been really wonderful. One of the most jarring times for me was actually with my first baby after I gave birth. My cycle came back right away. So it happened week 5 postpartum. I got my a full period back and for me originally in that moment. I remember feeling really like ripped off as like what I thought I was gonna Gonna have six months to just chill and like not have to have this situation but no, I went right back into it. And what's interesting is with my second. I didn't have that same experience. I had no cycle for 6 months and I have never felt so lost and so disconnected from my body in probably my entire life like it was I was just anxiously awaiting for the return of It's like cyclical flow because I just felt like I was kind of floating aimlessly and couldn't find my footing in the way that I was so used to finding my footing because I had been practicing for so long. That's nice and really beautifully with what you were saying Sarah which by the way really moved me your what you shared. I mean that I had tears in my eyes. I found that really moving. and one of the things you said was like I had no sense or or knowing of who Sarah was anymore, which is that experience I think is resonant for mothers across the planet that you know, so you are completely stripped bare of your identity and and it's interesting because the cycle holds us to ourselves and keeps us it with that connection just as you said Lindsay and then when you conceived you kind of step off that math and you're in this whole other Only which is you're actually starting to sort of separate from the person that you were you go through this sort of through the pregnancy you are in this process of shedding often women feel grief during pregnancy because they're letting their it's so subtle and unconscious, but you're letting you know, you're never going back to who you were, you know know that sort of innocence of your kind of maidenhood is bygone. And there's all that letting go that happens and then once you have Your baby you are really in this void. Your in is totally unknown place and you are so vulnerable, you know, the baby's vulnerable but you are so vulnerable and so wrong, you know, your life gets blown apart sleep your body. Everything is just like Mom. I remember that feeling of like I've been dismembered I haven't felt like I'd been blown into Smithereens and not you know, really couldn't find any Orientation and and and you're in you're in an initiation you're in a transition and it is a very delicate and vulnerable time and so many women fall into a hole and going to post natal depression because they feel lost. They can't they have no reference for actually this very deep initiatory process that is happening which of course the cycle prepares you for if you've been dancing cycle awareness. You've been through menstruation. You've been through the void of the site. Michael you know what it means to feel, you know to go through this kind of ego death and you know that there is even though it doesn't feel like it at the time, you know that there's new life on the other side. So you have this intrinsic trust in something which if you haven't been practicing cycle winners, you just you just feel like that's it. You know, your life is over and you know, it's just I remember thinking this is the worst mistake of my life. I've completely gone and fucked every my life. Really good, what the hell have I done, you know having children? What the hell am I done? Yeah, which you know, I now know that lots of women feel that yeah, but then the return of your cycled and Z is so interesting because that is and for some women happens really quickly and others are takes a lot longer and the longer it takes and fact the more the more you have to be with that unknown this or precarious it is because when your cycle returns, it's like that's touched down into the new into the new the new seeds of who you are becoming. It's a touchdown into like starting to find your way into like who you are now. Oh my God, I resonate with that. So freaking much. I remember after I gave birth to my second son Roland that whole pregnancy. I was going through like this period of grief. Like when I was pregnant with my first son Henry, I was in ecstasy. I felt so zenned out. I felt so in touch with my Womanhood. I remember feeling like I was on cloud nine like it was bizarre. And then when I was pregnant with my second son, it was the opposite. I was like grieving I was I felt like I was losing something again. Like when I gave birth to Henry, even though is a beautiful birth afterwards. I went through a period of postpartum anxiety, and I thought too thin. Nail to get me back and then I got pregnant with roll and I thought no I've got to fight again. I've got to do it all over again. And I remember after I gave birth to him. It felt like I was in this limbo State like almost like Purgatory. Like I was just like I didn't really know where to go. I didn't really know who I was. I didn't know if I should go up down here there and I remember when I did the course because I was trying to find myself while power came into my life that helped me, you know, get back on track and then The day that my period came back. I remember I was in the bathroom and it's so weird that you say that Shawn is because about how it like when you get your period back, it's like grounding you like. Okay, you're here you've arrived because I never had that same feeling I got it and I looked down I thought okay. I'm I'm out of like the new mom notice. I'm here. I'm I'm arriving there is come back the blood is I Okay, and then I felt like this urge that I needed to do something like I needed to like like I don't know like initiate myself into something and it that I feel like when that first bleed came it really gave me the fire then to be like, okay, let's do this. Like I'm going Full Throttle into every part of myself and then yeah and it's really funny to be because I have the exact opposite experience of you as in like My first pregnancy was the one that was isolating depleting terrifying because I had a huge bleed at 14 weeks and that like set this weird tone of of having to surrender to whatever was and like having to deal with all of the process of like, well what if the worst thing would happen? What if this fucks me up what if like and so on and so forth and then I like got myself back or felt like I got myself back and had this Victorious moment after I had her in my cycle returned and I was I survived that yeah and shenanigans and we're here survival. But then my second pregnancy I went in and I was like vibrant ecstatic juicy pleasure feels like fucking like I couldn't get enough dick in my life. Like it was not like opposite and then it went from this like hi-hi-hi ecstatic experience and like this unreal Free Bird. to this nothingness like moon this it was almost like the height of probably my entire existence to just the lowest place ever even though yeah without and it felt like I didn't have a choice in it, which was what R is really isolating and strange like it was but when my food came back like when I finally when I finally surrendered under boyde a long time, I'm sure it's Probably one of the reasons it took so long for my cycle to eventually come back because I had healing to do I had things that I had to process and when I finally did surrender, I think it was like maybe a month a month and a half later. My cycle came back my intuition returns and it was like, oh we're through I'm here. I'm okay. We're going to be this is great. Grain. Thanks for the lessons. Let's not do that again. Yeah, there's all the Hallmarks of initiation. You know, you have no choice but to surrender you feel like it's never gonna end it to the other side and you like never gonna do that again and you're bloody turn around and doing it. Well, I think this is probably a good question then after following this only talking about the void is How can we stay connected to our Cycles when we're going through periods of no flow, you know, like how you were saying how you doing laughter, especially postpartum there is that period and it feels like we're in this void or when we're beginning menopause and we start to lose it. How do we then stay connected to that that in Earnest, you know, is it through the moon as it through something else? You know how well, you know the cycle? The cycle awareness isn't just something that's happening in the moment. It's actually and then when it goes as nothing there cycle awareness is actually building something inside you I kind of vessel holding vessel. But the thing is this, you know to get the full benefits of this process it we should be taught this from the very beginning initiated in You know, you know teens so that we are learning about well firstly just the the physiology of it, you know, just that sort of basic stuff, but then gradually growing into that psychological layer of the work and learn how to ride the cycle emotionally and then over time to understand as a sort of spiritual dynamic as well. So it's basic process of working with your cycle month after month where you go through this process of building. Build up and break down and we've been talking about this void moment in the cycle and that void moment happens just at the end of the inner Autumn or the the premenstrual phase just before you bleed That's The Darkest Hour of the cycle in inverted commas the most vulnerable place where you've got the it's the ego death moment of Shawnee mentioned. It's it's like, you know, the darkest hour is just before the dawn. It's just before the bead actually happens and each month you learn to Right that void moment. You know you learn to feel suddenly had the ground goes from under you and you think hey, what's my life about everything's useless. You know, how you have all these crazy our thoughts about yourself and then you bleed and you go. Oh, oh, oh great. I'm back again, you know was only maybe a day or something like that or two days and you get to ride that month after month. And what happens is you start to develop this muscle a psychological muscle that that it and it's like oh awareness is also a dignifying process. You're actually feeling your self-esteem grows a sense of inner sort of rootedness and Authority starts to develop overtime very quietly very sweetly. And and then when you come to meet that void moment of the cycle you can meet it and it actually is at the most by the way the most powerful place in the whole cycle is just add that though. It's the most profound place for my money, but you can only meet It that when you've learnt to meet that death moment and not collapse all sort of metered consciously to hold that awareness of our this is where I am. This is what I'm going through and to kind of you know, you notice the experience you're having but there is a part of you that is holding you, you know, there's something in that's right. You're holding you beautiful. You've got this sort of holding and it's this discipline of awareness, but you've also each month. Since this if you've been able to practice cycle awareness each month, you've been tanking up on this lovely feeling of love you can experience at menstruation this lovely an affirmation of who you are right nurse of who you are so that you've got these combination of forces. So so let's say you've been doing this through, you know for a number of years and then you come to a point where you want to have children and so you can see, you know, birth and so on and then you enter this dark territory that you Has been describing. Well, I hope is and in a way shiny. You should speak to that more actually than me because I haven't I mean what what I would say is it's it's less about how can we connect two cycles? When we find Our Place itself in these sort of bigger void phases because just as we have the the smaller cycle we have these larger cycles and in any trunk Big Life transition, like for example motherhood, you will go through this. of separation and this death and this empty space and it's less about how do you connect with Cycles when you're in that and more about how do you navigate that unknown territory and that empty space and you know, do you have the psychological skills and the capacity within yourself to feel to let yourself be undone to let go To be stripped naked to feel that incredible vulnerability and that huge uncertainty without being overwhelmed by it. Did you have that that do you have that trust in something holding you and so it's really more about that and and you know in menopause you get to experience that in a big way. Yeah. This is all building to something because you have your years of hello awareness. And then if you have children you have this extraordinary initiation that you've been speaking all been speaking about really profoundly and you're being weathered you're being weathered and hampered is growing in you and extraordinary power. I want to say compassion the power of compassion for yourself the power of sensitivity to life to its the muscle that's required to birth the family. Eminent in the world actually, but you're developing a kind of resonance with life a resonance with your deep self and therefore a resonance with something bigger than you. It's a profoundly spiritual process. So when you then come to menopause with all that life experience behind you menopause feels like how can I put it it feels you feel you are readied for menopause you you get to A point where you go? I don't need the cycle anymore. I have outgrown it the cycle in a way. Is it there it's like training wheels for growing into yourself and when you get to menopause, it's like yeah, I know this business of being me. I know who I am. I don't need the training wheels anymore. They can go I could I can do this. I could free wheel along now without the training wheels. So menopause actually is a Operation however, it is initiatory and you still have to go through a death and rebirth. So, yes, you dive into that great unknown space where you panic? Yeah. Am I what's it all about? And it feels like a huge death and and a real loss of something a loss of everything sometimes and like your life is over and it's meaningless. But if you have practiced cycle awareness, you can completely read the signs you could read the signs. It's and you know, you can't there's a core there that knows who you are and what you're about and you've built up something, you know, you've had 50 odd years of living on the planet. You've got something inside you and even and even if you haven't been practicing cycle awareness, you still got something inside you every woman who's listening to this remember this Would you come on the estimates, you know the the power of cyclical intelligence because when you can say to yourself, oh, this is where I am in the cycle process or in my life process rooms. You can locate yourself. It just changes everything, you know with regards to say for example, and we're writing wild Power, you know, we would have moments where we'd hit a wall. We'd run out of energy. Nothing works anymore was all like kind of felt wrong and and we were struggling and then we go, you know, that's what we've come to this sort of end of a cycle. This is where we are. This is the moment where we need to just walk away. You just need to walk away take a break forget it all and we could locate ourselves in that cyclical process and suddenly, you know, it's just magic because then you can align with something and be carried by something rather than be like what's wrong with us. We're going to keep going got to keep going, you know, so it's pure Magic. Leads to the next question of I love it. Honestly, I could like listen to both of you talk all day, but it does lead to the next question of the Wonder Woman complex how so many of us before discovering mental cycle awareness. I feel like I was just constantly living this Wonder Woman mentality very much. So in my masculine never relenting, you know, I always wanted to make sure that If someone else was doing something I could do it better. I could I could keep up with them. Especially if it was a man. I could do it so much better. And that was something I've always struggled to to be more gentle with myself. And when you when you were taught in the book, I'm talking about this Wonder Woman complex and when you so beautifully identified how menstruation it is the ego. It's the ego death. You you let go of all of that is your time to rest too. Invite Stillness to let go of that that need to be achieving to be doing and when I read that that was profound so profound and it's shaped how I mother it's shaped how I'm a business owner how I navigate the world. I now say I will be Wonder Woman in summer and when I go into Autumn, that's me sticking a step back. I'm still I'm still kind of present, but I'm taking a step back and when I'm bleeding all bets are off. Off it is completely changed how I function as a human being and an especially as yes a mother and a business owner in this very very busy world. And so the question is, you know, how could you talk a little bit more about this Wonder Woman complex and explaining how this is so vital to to all of us to recognize that living this day-to-day doing doing doing it's it's Natural to our to our inner selves. I don't think it's natural to really not just women but men too, I guess the head I guess my question within that would be I mean, it's really great for those of us that have the luxury to maybe work for yourself or maybe be home with your kids and have a little more flexibility to your schedule. But what about for the individuals who are maybe working a nine-to-five job and don't always have that luxury to completely pull back or completely go inward. How can we still apply that principle of rest within something that doesn't necessarily allow for it in the way that would be ideal well said, yes. Mmm great this kind of two parts the yeah, I'll take I'll take the first part which is to answer woman Sarah. Yes. I think I think it's really good to just name that we're in a kind of cultural grip of This doing energy. We're all in that grip and it's and and it has everything to do with the fact that cyclical life hasn't been honored and respected culturally and we often say, you know, we often talk about the two halves of the cycle the first half the the what we call the Via positive, which is very much very much the do. Doing energy and the second half of the cycle that we call the vn- which very much the more receptive allowing energy and how the first half of the cycle is what's culturally acceptable and it is you know, it is the face of women that is celebrated and revered, you know, women are women are celebrated for being generous. Doing things for others for taking care of everyone for you know setting for being beautiful or whatever the case might be. And so we are really having to kind of recover the second half of the cycle and give it its due and give it its value and give it its placed because without it there is no sustainability without it. There is no there is no wisdom. And there is no there is no Evolution. Nothing can ever go beyond what it has been. Ben if we don't really cultivate the capacities and energies of the second half of the cycle. So it's both a personal quest for each one of us to find to find these different places in ourselves and and honor them like each of us need say actually it's okay for me to be both this and this and it's also a kind of collective cultural Quest where as a you know, as a species. We're needing to recover other powers. Job, the via VIA negativa. Yeah. So then what that means for us modern women who have real lives and children and things that don't stop when we yeah over the you Alexandra to segue into that. I just want to add that Super Woman thing is totally inefficient in the long term. It's like having it's like being a one gear Wonder. Yeah, you know, yeah, it's you get a lot of stuff done but doing nums. And deadens over time it exhausts. So you burn out and might I add men are the Superman to they just don't have a menstrual cycle to remind them. You think stop and rest. Yeah, although the only is actually I think men are quite good at taking care of themselves and actually men do disappear off. They can switch off very well. Thank you very much even while can out of their book and go rob switch it off too. So let us just dispel this myth of you know, the person who's do doing all the time as somehow being in the successful brilliant. I mean, if you want to achieve in the world, you do have to work quite hard, but you can't just push push push push do do do it is inefficient. You make mistakes and what is even what is most painful of all is you lose the meaning of why you're doing? What you are doing and it damages relationships the Wonder Superwoman can't have a relationships too busy working because it deadens and almonds and now I'm so I just want to really put that in perspective that it's actually not that efficient and you're not not doing in the other parts of the cycle might I add so shiny talked about this second half of the cycle where you start to feel drawn more into yourself and it's more a yielding and allowing kind of energy, but what? Awakens in the second half of the cycle is huge discernment and clarity about who you are and what you're about and when you have that energy behind you, you are unstoppable in terms of your capacity to act on things and to sort things out. I found that any to have and to have potency hair really really it makes what you do so much more effective and so much more impactful and you know, so less becomes more because you're that's right less is or you just and you just way more efficient actually school coming to this big conundrum of the fact that we live in a world that's linear doodoo Duty and we are cyclical beings and our timing doesn't always fit with the mainstream timing what are we going to do about it well we're going to have to get very smart all right so the first thing I say to women is it's an imperfect world and we do the best we can but the first thing you must do for yourself is you have to validate for yourself your own experience of the cycle the world your workplace may be controlling your hours at work and everything but they do not control your mind and in your mind you can be practicing cycle awareness and knowing where you are at any moment in the cycle and because you know where you are in your cycle you have of kind of secret key to how you're going to manage your Day, yes, you still have to go to work. So let's say you're just coming into your bleed and you still have to turn up at work. When really frankly you would quite like to retreat at this point and just stay under the bed covers and you know, not move. You know, it's just that moment just before bleeding. He's like, oh no God go anywhere, but you have to go to work. Okay, so you you make decisions about your day. Now the thing is because you're practicing cycle awareness and you know about this moment in your cycle. You are prepared. So you probably prepared a very wholesome lunch for yourself. So you don't have to go out and get it. You have been managing your diary. So you have been very smart about what you've booked into your diary that day with regard to work. Can I recommend dark glasses? I highly recommend our class you're bleeding or in the void for me that big where your darker unready I'm saying it's cycle it's a barrier it's another girl you have this like just protection or you know whatever you find your version of just sort of actually reminded me Shaunie years ago this woman who was sort of queen bee of the practice that these it was obviously a Doctor's practice or something like that but that she was the sort of center pin of managing all these different elements to it and she said I just imagine that I'm sitting in a cave so there she is at her desk doing things but you know she's got this feeling of the cave energy around her and she's speaking absolutely minimally not engaging in lengthy conversations she's absolutely bound read completely and utterly honoring the energy in her she's still doing her job so interesting because we forget actually how much choice we have about the way we go back Doing what we do. We might have to still parent but you can parent from the sofa. Oh few words as possible or you can parent like, you know cooking cleaning helping get everyone sorted active. So we've got we've got so much choice about how we go about doing what we're doing and that's the thing that you're going to capitalize on. You know, it's the way you do what you do and and the things you can also say no to you know, you give yourself more permission to just be like actually no, I'm not going to go out and Many people today. I'm going to stay home because I can or whatever the case might be what that sort of reminds me of shiny All Leads on to is that the more you practice your version of cycle awareness the boulder you become mmm, and I'm always revived this wonderful story. They saw this woman. She worked in equal she worked in a university managing admissions. I mean, it was a huge. we pressured job and a lot of responsibility and she had a dial on her you know computer just hanging there of where she was in her cycle and and client and colleagues would come up and be able to look at the dial and go I won't talk to her today or that's not the moment or no way she would just say to them I'm just want to let you know it's day 21 and and I shoot from the hip you know do you want to heard you want to discuss this issue oh my God yeah she was very sassy she was fabulous and she she actually had very severe pain so this was kind of Life Death stuff for her because she had to manage her pain and actually she went to her her boss you know the person above her and said this is what I want to do she declared it to him she declared as you said I would like to From home when I bleed because I'm in pain and I will make it up you will not you know, I will take responsibility. I will do all the jobs I have to do. I want you to trust me but I do not want to take painkillers or the time this is the best way for me to manage this pain and this person respected her said yes do it. I mean it's so profoundly moving. Absolutely, you know, she's a very bold woman and some women are not bold in that way. They're shy and quiet and also they don't Want to be public they don't want to be public about it. Also, sometimes you can have one or two friends in the office, you know who your allies with and you sort of have a wink and go in our Autumn and the others immediately. No, or you can walk in go. It's the in a winter which is menstruation and they go this is what do you need today? How can we help you? Because they know you will do the same for them next time so that all these marvelous ways of sort of bringing it in and actually I will promise you before Long you'll have your whole workplace organized around cycle awareness for everybody. They'll be it's happening, you know HR coming up and saying will you run a session on cycle awareness incredible? We have a whole cycle sort of cycle awareness policy for the workplace a trade school and more and more companies are interested in this. It's just typical. It's going to become the absolute Norm. I know it is. I think she I think you guys tied her she participated. Some mentorships for Red School. Her name's Claire Baker. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, she goes to work places and she teaches about seasons and how to work that into your day-to-day schedule and how to be more productive at school. I've been following her for about a year and I'm brilliant. No has we've been building mom gasm. We've been talking about building our Empire and dreaming of this office that we're going to have one day and talking about all the things that we want to do. And how he like I think one idea that I had was we're going to schedule breaks for orgasm. Oh, yeah, but I think one of the things that will absolutely be a backbone of my orgasm is our our menstrual cycle and knowing when to working with not because we kind of do that already. So it's the greatest like we have pretty much aligned almost. Yeah. I'm leaving right now mine might start bleeding. Yeah. I'm dating. To because I've been I've been on a 31-day cycle for since since having my cycle return after my second. Hmm. I've been doing vaginal steaming the last week. Yeah, and it's day 27. It looks like I am starting I was I feel like I could feel it the last two days. I was like, oh hmm. Okay, oopsie. Well that that explains the strength of feeling that I'm experiencing in this conversation. I'm Dana and so I was just Adding the wave with you, but that explains it that explains it. Yeah there it's it's a beautiful thing to share this with your friends and colleagues and and how you can support each other. You know, I have a mother friend, you know, we also Cycles also seem to be synced and we hang out when we're bleeding and both lie on her sofa while I kids will be covered in the house and really nice to have somebody to do that with yeah reaching any way. We should live in rub each other's feet while our children. You know destroy the place and really good really helps. get the kids to like bring you chocolate like teach yourself yeah yeah yeah we tightly tightly do one of them's a little bit too young for that why we try and make slaves out of their movies oh my gosh that's amazing this is awesome so I guess how can we as a society begin to shift our perspective of menstruation being an inconvenience and there's one story that I always come back to what I'm talking about menstruation being inconvenience and it was it was last year and I was outside with my mother-in-law who is menopausal right now and I had just really started to get into menstrual cycle awareness and so I was telling her all about it and I telling her which season I was in and she was seemed very interested and I was talking about I think that she I think I even said to her I said you know there's there's stages in your life you know you become your maiden did you become a matron and then you become a crone and she looks at me my mother is also English and my mother lost so she looks at me she said did you just call me a crow home I was like that's too much it's way too early I was like I know you're menopausal right now and so it's not your you don't feel very positive about when you do bleed and I said what was your relationship like to Year Mitchell cycle your whole life and one of the things that she said really the only thing she said was that it felt like an inconvenience Your whole life, it just felt like an inconvenience and I've that's not the first time I've heard that it resonates with a lot of women and that's something I come up against when I am teaching workshops about the inner Seasons as well. It's inconvenience. I don't like it. You know, that's what it's been like for me my whole life and I resonate with that as well because that's what was like for me and I feel like I feel like there's a whole other layer to that too for anyone that experiences a lot of pain with their cycle and that's that's often why people are so quick to turn. you medicating their cycle with the shot or if birth control contraceptives and things like that because it is I mean it can sometimes feel like an inconvenience even if you don't have pain but when you add in that layer of debilitating pain of course you're going to feel like it's this big inconvenience for you and you just want to do anything to make it stop and with society and the messaging that we're getting like that's just being fed to us in so many different ways yeah so how how do we stop that how do we stop that how do we shift that perspective snap your fingers and then it's done now it's sort of connected to that whole Superwoman question isn't it because it is an inconvenience to the carniculture of do do do because it interrupts the doing and its really asking us to to to to rest and to stop so that's so much of what this kind of interruption is about I'm not about people with pain but you know so there's something about us really understanding the Ecology of the cycle the importance of each stage and phase of the cycle and that each season of the Cycles serves a purpose it has its place and and it together the whole cycle process is what creates is what creates. Is what makes for sustainability and meaningful manifestation. So I think that that's part of you know, that whole Distortion is that we've just forgotten the value of these different capacities and powers and the value of these different seasons. So I think as we become more educated and as we start to dignify the seasons of the cycles that a lot of that kind of inconvenience mentality will naturally fall Away, but the question of pain is a slightly different one and Alexandra. You would be the person to speak to that I think. yes this is I'm really thinking about this whole question including the pain thing about this thing of inconvenience mmm it's a big one and you know the thought that always comes to me is that we're in I tell you what is inconvenient folks are really tell you what's inconvenient the consequences of not valuing cyclical life yeah and we are confronted by this on all quarters now on this planet yes with what we're doing to in the environment I feel I mean like I feel almost angry now, so I'm speaking to you, you know this, you know, this is the consequence and there's nothing convenient about the shit that's going down on the planet right now environmentally, but equally economically when we don't, you know, we try to pump the the the economy all the time push push, you know, and we don't understand the value of give and take and activity and rest and Then this then comes to personal health nothing convenient about being unwell and cyclical awareness is the foundation for wellness cyclical life. Sorry is the foundation for wellness. So this minced the menstrual cycle is actually trying to keep you happy whole that whole happy whole and well and when we ignore it and keep going and push push push push. We build exhaustion adrenal fatigue into the system. And so just our overall health is affected and but then coming to menstrual problems, you know, so much of the menstrual suffering is the Fallout of not being able to value our own nature and and value the nature of the cyclical pattern and the moment a woman's is able to start to practice menstrual cycle awareness in all it's sort of facets a level of stress Falls away because the root of all illness is stress. It multi have a vectorial of course, but stress is a Kim key component the moment a woman starts practicing cycle awareness stress starts to fall away and the premenstrual what we call PMS actually stops looking quite so PMS cie problematic and more like powers that had Been valued or utilize they haven't known how to line up with them because there are some Fierce Powers premenstrual e but coming to menstrual pain, which is I can stare anyone in the eye as retinol because I've been there menstrual pain absolutely can be eased by through cycle awareness through slowing down just before coming into the bleed. Yeah and resting at menstruation and my hunch is that within with sir? Severe menstrual pain often have a natural talent for the minstrel Powers. Mmm and racula powers and that those ecstatic Powers. That's what I found and I see it a lot. Now some menstrual pain is quite complex and obviously has to be addressed on all sorts of different levels, but just that foundational level of working with the cycle pattern reduces stress and with and reduces symptoms. Adams and I also just want to add here that the the home the endocrine system is the stress sensitive system in women. Hmm stress is registered here first. Now interestingly things like environmental pollutants knock are nervous endocrine show up in our disturb our endocrine system first. So when we it's like an early warning system for our overall health. Hmm. So if you've got menstrual problems as you attend to them, you're actually at attending to your overall health and cycle awareness is your foundational remedy and then you combine that with lots of you know, natural therapies diet is radical in what it can do to ease pain and so on it's so interesting because I don't suffer from severe pain, but I have friends who do and that's one of the things that whenever I'm talking about this with them in her Seasons. The pain is the number one thing that comes up and they say so Sarah, I don't want connect to it because it's the one thing that brings me so much pain and grief and it's interesting that you say Alexandra that by if we were if say my friend was to connect to her cycle perhaps she would have the awareness to slow down and by slowing down with that indeed help her pain and it's almost as if the pain is presenting itself to women to say stop pop rest fall into yourself you know I'm thinking about one friend in particular and she does have amazing Insight amazing in her power and to also be experiencing this extreme pain I wonder if for her and her her case if she was a slow down it would subside you know it is this an is this a is this a sign that's coming forth from our bodies to say you need to reconnect And I mean I would I maybe even if it doesn't subside maybe it has something else to offer her if she actually well what sometimes happens actually interestingly is women say I don't it's really funny this she said they said I still got the pain but I have just I have a wholly different relationship with it now because they actually start enjoying menstruation even in the discomfort. Now some pain of course is utterly shattering and I've experienced that so were talking, you know, there's lots of different degrees of this but I just cannot emphasize enough that the foundational remedy is to make peace with the cycle and to give space to menstruation to stop and rest and just just try it once and see what happens. But but but it's not it's actually just starting to ease back just before you come into the bleed as well. It's that coming. It's what happens before the pain starts. Because if you arrive at the door of menstruation like sort of Screech to a halt and then bleed it's a hell of a lot of tension. You're carrying into menstruation with you. But if you can slow down beforehand, well, it's like if you think about it in terms of pregnancy, we have the whole 10 months to prepare for that for that day of Labor. We're preparing ourselves for the for the pain of what's to come also let alone like if for anyone that practices conscious conception like the that's involved exactly you can see you then exactly so it's preparing ourselves for the conscious for what's about to come for menstruation if we're going to you know practice slowing down familiarizing ourselves with with pregnancy and what's to come why can't we bring that same mentality to menstruation and would it alter yes but I also want to add not everybody has that mentality with pregnancy either mmm true and then what it is there pain tolerance different other women because you really did a lot of preparation for yours and you had an ecstatic birth with found whereas I I didn't really do a lot of preparation before either my boys and I had an epidural for both and I wonder if I was practicing menstrual cycle awareness or fertility awareness method or I or it just can't just conscious you know just being conscious in my body before I gave birth to my sons would it have been different it was you practicing it I yeah I mean four years and also I mean with with the birth of my second like my first birth also gave me so much more information and understanding and like solidified my choices that I already knew I probably could have and would have benefited making an in my first that I chose to do in my second but it's like any time anybody has ever asked me oh well what did you what did you do to prepare for birthing at home without out anyone any sort of like medical attending like how did you prepare for that and I was like honestly it's probably like the good 10 years of self-love work and like leading into myself and uncovering and allow it to fulfill these beautiful to be able to do that and trust myself and my body completely even with a heart condition that that normally is like oh no you need to be like your high risk you need to come to the hospital we're going to medicate you Lee etc etc so very beautiful thing yeah and and you know if just hearing the sort of questions that you two are asking what it brings up in me is a reminder of actually the enormous enormous power of menstruation and actually what it's asking of us in order to enter that that state you know we call it the inner Temple of women because it is this very holy sanctuary in ourselves that opens his us up to connect with this immense power that is bigger than us and you know that's not as those other small things so you know to to we are we kind of that and it is tomato and the play what's happening at menstruation and don't give it the the respect that it deserves and so there is a sort of on some level whether we're conscious of not there is a clash in our psyches of where we're being taken to in ourselves and we're we're able and willing to go you know so it's like how prepared is our Consciousness how prepared is our psyche how prepared are we at all levels how much do we trust the place that we're being taken into and you know if you've given birth you know you're going to an incredibly altered state and it is so otherworldly and unlike anything you've ever experienced that you need a certain kind of stability in yourself to be able to go through that without completely losing your shit so I think the same is true of menstruation only even like briefly losing your shit and get briefly she requires like and that moment of losing your shit that moment absolutely I I think I'm gonna die yeah get over that hump day to die yeah yeah satellite that's like a rite of passage in Bocas you get instead of am I going to die no I'm dying for sure yeah this is yeah this is it I've definitely got to Father's Day I like surrender to that yeah I do yeah and that's not it's not a this is not new intellectual thing it's this deep embodied knowing that you accumulate over time and as you so beautifully said Lindsay its accumulated through all your body awareness and gets accumulated through cycle awareness and yes indeed how would people's experience of menstruation be different if they had this intrinsic trust in Texas there were going to inside themselves you yeah now I'm just now sitting here and stew over a lot of different things though like this will be the rest of your day I'm gonna go home and I'll see ya tonight is going to be the me some big meditation happening tonight I think journaling big-time big-time journaling yeah well I think that we are running out of time again I would just love to keep talking about everything and anything you both have just such a wealth of wisdom and hearing you both talk it's yeah it's very therapeutic in a lot of ways but before we go I know that you both you're offering a lot of I think a mentorship or while power immersion course currently these part listeners a little bit about that yes oh well I'll sort of main program a trade school is I'm in astrology leadership program which is a yearly and that's for people who are really wanting to do go you know have a deep dive with this work and I to weave it into whatever they're currently offering or doing in the world and then at the moment we've got our wild pair immersion which is a really good way into two really playing with you know some of the ideas in the book you might take them in intellectually but this emotion is really taking people through a process of experiencing and and noticing the the truth of their experience in their cycle and as of Awakening to the power of their cycle that's over six weeks and it's a live online program so I don't know when this episode is coming out but the 18th of February Legacy that starts and bookings are open until the 25th of February yeah so you can find out about that at wild Power Dot online perfect how frequently do you run that program we rented every year round about this time run it every February yeah and then in September October we run a live menopause online course which is six weeks that happens around sort of September October every year and I know General website is Red School dotnet perfect yeah well thank you so so so so much for doing this I think he's sorry and honored to have had this conversation relation with you both and I'll be dreaming dreaming about it for a long time this is awesome it's been a lovely conversation and it's so beautiful to hear how this work is speaking to you in your life and the way you bring it through in your work and full strength to the mom gasm Empire I'm I'm so so badly I'm really liking that by the Main Street Soul cycle hey that wait school grade school is the holy powered by the mr. Trussell you know it's amazing amazing very welcome thank you very much are you ready for an epic Night of Living out your wildest team slumber party fantasies all grown up because we are excited to deliver mom gasm is hosting a mother-lovin sleepover that's right Friday April 3rd 2020 we've rented out a beautiful mansion here in Halifax Nova Scotia fit for all your queendom honey and we want you to enjoy with us we're providing the space the food and some classic slumber party fun think Taro facials not the sexual kind games girl chat and more all you need is your fine self this is a chance to let loose get together with some badass like-minded babes fill up your cup and have a magical fucking night because and do we ever deserve this and sometimes it feels like it's impossible to make things like this happen for ourselves oh and did I mention we also hired a private chef chef to cater brunch oh yeah baby space is super fucking limited so if your pussy and harder screaming yes good then click the link in our description if you're loving what we're dishing now and what little bit more of what we've got to offer you can get a little bit more on patreon we are dishing out all the goods we've got snail mail bloopers unreleased content and it's all there on patreon for a monthly subscription can be as little as three dollars to fifty bucks whatever desire and it's your tool to get closer to us and if you haven't already heard which I'm sure you have we also have our free Facebook Community the mom Chasm dead you can check out the link in our description this is the place where we are connecting with you our viewers to get into more deep and juicy conversations outside of our episodes it is always remember to follow like share comment and subscribe so you never miss a new episode thanks for tuning in we'll catch you next time