You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit as many podcasts as we can.Take a relief following practices that are open to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that and we promised that we would and we will We quickly want to touch upon the NFL combine that is complete nor name nine players their Chase Claypool continues to amaze with his 4.42 4019 bench presses 40 and a half vertical jump even the broad jump was excellent at 126. He he was a standout Tim of the ninth. Watching him run down on kickoffs. We always thought it was fast and he rewarded our faith in that one. We knew we could actually thought he actually thought he would jump higher I thought he might reach that my top prize Boykin because I've seen the guy get up and I've seen playing a basketball on on film and he takes a lot of pride in it, but that's a great. It's a he tested grade. It doesn't matter. You didn't come by her because yeah at a certain point. It doesn't matter if you're 42 or 40 inches when you're six four and running that fast, but boy, he also got some good publicity. I see out of it by bit it putting side-by-side comparisons with Megatron and that's something I something Twitter said he's no Megatron. Nobody said that he was but I mean, he's in a category that just just him and Kevin Johnson read now and that's pretty at his sighs. Yeah, and the way he was able to run the suppan Tribune reported that Khalid Kareem head labrum surgery on January 21st. That was the best kept secret. We weren't aware of that. I've been in contact with dance shankha of our lads. Leading up to the draft and his bowl had the East-West Shrine had offered him a spot. There was no response from Kareem. We weren't aware of it. So Kudos is sup and Tribune for going down there and getting that information January 21st, Khalid cream had labrum surgery. So that will put him a little bit back. But hey Cole commit a 37 inch vertical jump a 4.7 at four point seven forty at six six to sixty two and the key. He this is a dumb thing to say but he's faster than four seven after those first couple steps because he was moving and that's what's going to matter. You really can get up, you know, he can get off a jam in line, you know, he can make plays but he he'll run down the seam away from some guys and that's we didn't look Cole commit you figured he was gonna test great right? It's it was the whole the worried the whole time was this guy's going to leave and he's gonna because he's gonna test great and he's a natural football player. That's a pro not Notre Dame's line up. Yeah, you know jumping back to claypole a week ago. We weren't when he when they weighed Claypool and he was 9 pounds heavier than he been at 2:38 all sudden. There was speculation about him being a tight end and we hadn't talked about that and it's like, oh, okay. Well that makes sense. But he had no intention of that. Of course, especially when he runs a 4-4-2 238 and then he talked about his water weight again to the South Bend Tribune and and You know, that's kind of fluctuate a little bit. But whatever he ran at the other day sees more like 233. So about splitting the difference from where he was during the football season, but outstanding, you know, I thought a lucky Omen of running a 4.6 flat 17 bench presses the 4.6. I thought was a very was a pretty good number for him. I think it is too. I thought he might break break for sex. I thought he might get in that four five nine range because he always took umbrage when we talked about. The team speed not being enough. I know he really previewing Clemson and Georgia games. He was talk to both times. He's kind of like that. It's not an issue where fast and I knew who he was kind of talking about himself to and I mean obviously Troy Pride everybody, but I'm yeah, I think on this podcast I said, he might break whatever whatever it was four five six. I thought he might even get into that but that doesn't matter because it's a good run or six is good. Yeah, no doubt and and with his instincts and he his anticipation, we know he understands that. Game, he recognizes what offenses and receivers trying to do against them. And I think a 4.6 is very good. Julian will corot wanted the only thing he tested that was bench press and the guy at 6:00 for 252 did 27 bench presses with long arms to write that supposed to be a hindrance isn't 30 34 and three eighths inch arms yet supposed to be a hindrance. You know, I mean, we're told he's freakishly strong three years ago from it from the very beginning from the very beginning. I tweeted that out from the very beginning. We were told that and it continues to prove itself true Chris Fink on the other hand. And I you know, I've how many how many different ways can I say I blew it I was completely wrong. I thought that he had a chance to break 440 ran a for 5-7 now he is there still a hamstring issue. I'm looking for reasons. He seems better than four five seven to me. He does not seem that for for like you're thinking my dunno. I know I thought he would be in the 4-5-1 range not closer to closer to 45 and 46, you know, I guess there were so many times. I know a lot of people said, you know, I never thought and I get that but we saw things of him in practice and I realize it's a different type of yes measurement but in short spaces he was so quick and Elusive and I thought that he could build upon that I was completely wrong. I think I still think he's quicker than four five seven. But the fact of the matter is he had an opportunity didn't do it. He got a 40 inch vertical his bench. Press was just 7, he's a long shot to begin with everybody understands that but the four five seven is killer. Well, you know, I thought the same thing except I don't think he's getting drafted anyway, so I think he gets into a camp no matter what and that's where is to make the team didn't ya - not right Dan Shak is said to us said to Iris Illustrated in this was still during the season. Could he make a 53-man Cincinnati Bengals roster? Yeah, good and four five seven would have been a killer for case Claypool because it would have destroyed his draft status. I don't think Chris fake was moving up. If you're in a for not going to be rented for 390 could've gotten right? I don't I don't think he was getting drafted either way. They're guys that are under for for that aren't getting drafted nowadays so that I was I was wrong and so I fully admit that one thing on think though and people say, you know, I didn't see miles Boykin play like that at Notre Dame and all these things. Chris thinks 40 inch vertical help beat Michigan. So that leaping touchdown. No down got up. It's very to to saw that once Tony Jones were not going to go over the stats because they're pretty much what we expected all the 13 bench presses. 225 is not great. I mean I could have done better than that. Jalen Elliott's for 8 flat is a bit surprising, but I think he's done everything pretty well. Other than that Troy Pride was talking four twos. And he ran a 4/4 which is still really really good. But it's it's still really really good before you know, I mean, that's he's a track guy to I know I used to track and I get where he's coming from there. I mean and he trained for it. I'm sure and let this is you know, if you get a split second bad start or a bobble it somewhere along the line. It's going to throw it completely off. So I imagine he'll try to run again and pro day clearly Chris Frank will run again approaching Elliot is faster than Right, he will run again at Pro Day Claypool will stand there and have fun and watch everybody else works. Well Ian come it will probably do the same thing other than the bench press which he did not do. Yeah, I think they just keep you broke her down Pro Day. The fun of pro day is finding out which ex-players come show up and try to who's a candidate out there. We got to see who write the right. Let's jump into the spring here real quick before we get to questions and just pre-spring injuries and I want everybody to be aware that there's there's quite a few here and Going to compromise a couple positions. There's a mystery running back with an injury. We think we know who it is. But you know what we're going to wait till Thursday at this point. We're just going to wait till Thursday. I really mean think to not know so I really don't want to try to study not I would agree. Let's just wait till Thursday. We suspect that. There is somebody we did all along we'll wait till Thursday to reveal that and never the bride Kelly reveals itself. Yeah. We're all going to see it Robert Haynes. He won't practice. Tommy Kramer won't practice. We don't think Aaron banks will practice. I don't think Dylan Gibbons and Cole Mabry are going to practice now Gibbons. I don't believe is practicing either Maybury is only left over from the season for me. Now. I don't I don't think that he's healthy. That's I don't think it's healthy all year. He was he was not coming in since game two, when all those blogs were after I mean he did indeed they liked him. They wouldn't have they would have put him in some point. So yeah, I don't think it's healthy either and I don't there were multiple things going on in the spring because I there was a head injury to because just like I say there was a head injury he was on a Bike with no helmet the whole time which means you write tree, right and we didn't verify that defensively. Daylan Hayes obviously with his shoulders not going to practice Jacob Lacey and Howard cross are going to be out Jack lamb and Shane Simon. We know are going to be out. Am I missing anybody there on the defensive side? I mean, those are you know, there's some significant guys there. And you know for guide for guys like Lacey and cross. It's a critical Miss. It's certainly a critical mrs. Spring drills for Lamb & Simon not so much haensi and Kramer. No, I don't think so. I could almost other than you. Cohesion so importantly offensive line, but I actually there's a there's a positive there's a silver lining to haensi Kramer banks that and Gibbons because he wasn't going to start and maybe not be a to deep member these it's on the fence the mesosphere right? You're getting a lot of Reps for Zeke Corral who hear good things about John Dirksen for you've always liked and Josh love gets starters Reps for 15 practices to see now he is really I guess he's in the mix anyway to start over somebody but I don't know who was going to be now. He really is in the mix right to try and earn. Starting role and then Chris tawfik will get reps that he definitely definitely needs needs them. Yes, I think Quinn Carol's a guy. We don't think would do. I'm sorry. I meant including Quinn Quinn Carol's not going to practice. He had ACL August. He won't practice either. So as you can see there, they are significantly compromised along the offense of line. I would expect Corral mc2 pride get some reps at guard. I mean you have to do that, you know, maybe lug has to cross train. Once again, I would probably play tackle considering you're missing. Yeah, you're right. Carol Carol Ann's in Haines. Yeah directions of guard so he can fill them there. So we'll know more on that on Thursday. We expect some time. Let me just say very soon very soon that John McNulty and Mike mickens will be officially announced by Notre Dame as their new assistant coaches, and I want to conclude this segment with a nerding basketball obviously significant loss to Wake Forest over the weekend. It took the starch out of whatever it so badly. We almost had a game. We almost had her first game since March 2018 against Duke with Bonzi Coulson coming back and them trying to make a tournament that really really matter for Notre Dame. It was going to be Wednesday night now, I mean it still matters because they could make the run but they were going to get in at 12 and 8 Tim and now they have to yeah the run because the regular season is so much more important to the committee twelve and eight fifth place finish Syracuse even lost to help them a shirt. Northern could have been fifth place. So low, yeah and then obviously for to stay losing took a little they were hammered by Olivier Tsar who was who going into the game? That was the guy we were talking about it's like man, this guy is really good. He took it up another level 30 points 17 rebounds. I think it was every one of those points to be just absolutely burrowed his way down below and and Notre Dame had no answer for him and I want to bring this up because it's so a typical of Mike Brey to and he didn't say it necessarily in a really really negative. Of way, he's just frustrated, right? He just matter-of-factly said after the game our best post Defender was Nate lisowski our senior big guys referring specifically to Mooney and Durham our senior big guys didn't guard anybody in the night. I love them to death, but they didn't play any defense. It was the wrong time to say it. It really was and I was really surprised and there was there was no Venom now his voice when he said it but you can imagine what a John Mooney might have thought if he heard it's like He's carried the what more what it what exactly more would you like me to do but you and I talked about before we hit record here. They could have they could have kept sar from burrowing in a little bit more. Yeah, if he's gonna hit the jump hook over you he's gonna have the jump hook over you but you don't have to make it be six feet away. It's not where he was getting the basketball. He's too long for either. We even too large. He's not necessarily longer than Durham but he's stronger than Durham. He's longer-term uni. Yeah, and he's tougher mentally and physically to use what they strong. Got you have to be able to root him out of there a little bit more than that. Yeah. So learning has to win learning basketball is to win every game they play. Yeah, they probably go to the it's a shame that they probably had to win one in Greensboro. They want to help but now they have to get to the championship game a window down. All right segment to coming up burning up the boards on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite music and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now. Out on Spotify. You can follow your favorite podcast. And if you're a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are and you can even share them with your friends on Instagram. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for Irish Illustrated Insider or just browse your library tab for Irish Illustrated Insider. Also, make sure you follow us. So you never miss an episode. We are back with segment to burning up. The board's first question from Dylan Murphy O2 is a special time. At Notre Dame for the Willingham era if I was his graduation year ranked Gilman Pride Claypool a quora and Kareem from most productive NFL careers to least Gilman Pride clay pull up Quark cream. He did not include Elliott. He did not include commit. Okay, I will say Claypool one okara to Kareem three I'm going to go Gilman for Pride 5. I agree except I'm going to keep Kareem head of a croire with health be my main concern there just because he got hurt on every play of the last two seasons, but I'm going to go with I'm gonna go with a pure pass rusher. I like Kareem's versatility and I would have come out one. If we hadn't come out, okay. Well, let's add commit in and I would have come out want to push everybody back Elliot. Who had it last although? I don't know if I'd have said that if interactive for right now, I would have Elliot. I have a lady behind pride in Gilman. I think it's a really good quality safety and I think probably play pro football. I think the NFL at least going into the combine looked at Gilman and Elliot differently. I think that they had a Elliot ahead of him. Again the NFL there's a lot of opinions from the NFL not draft status. I'm talking about productiveness productive career. I'm sorry product right going right dude. Gilman's always productive right Irish cowboy. 88 what are you expecting from? The two transfers this year? Do you think Ben skowronek has enough speed to contribute as an every down receiver against top teams and is Isaiah Pryor the favorite to start beside Kyle Hamilton this year second part first. I think he is the favorite because Houston Griffith has not yet distinguished. But this is the battle to watch for me this spring. I think Griffith was definitely out of position and nickel that was ludicrous all they just want to get his athleticism on the field, but he showed quickly he couldn't play Nickel I was in support of the move to Corner for one to boundary corner for one reason. They did not have a boundary corner. So he had to check it out. But I think they may be could have pulled my trigger Horsemen there. Yeah, you could have pulled the trigger after watching him in the spring on that and maybe had them be a productive number for safety. That you didn't necessarily need. However, he would have been playing safety the whole year for you and get in better shape now, but that's a fun matchup to watch prior. But yes, I think we're going to address that in another question to this first been skowronek, you know enough speed to be an every down receiver. I don't think they anticipate him being on the field every down. He has great hands as he going to run by a lot of people now, I think that's Kevin Austin's job at the W position, but I think he I do think Ben's quranic is very valuable in our day. And I think that he's a reliable receiver again. I don't know that he's going to run away from anybody but I think if he's open and you have an accurate quarterback throwing him the football, I think he can do some good things for another degree. I look into his offense this way Braden lenzi, Kevin Austin and Tommy tremble would be the closest thing to every down perimeter players. In fact, they all just could become every down perimeter players if things go well that leaves two spots. A running back takes away one of those spots always get everybody back in the field. So you have skowronek Jayvon McKinley Lawrence keys and Jafar Armstrong who I think could place them slot because obviously he's well-versed. He's just as good of a slurry series is running back. So I think he'll do both whatever form of offense and Brock right for a second tight end whatever form of offense. They go with will determine who plays more out of keys and skowronek and Armstrong is chronic and Armstrong with I think they're going power. Yeah, I think so too. But with the new offensive coordinator, that's something that we're going to find out whether will know that in the spring or not is uncertain at Park spill over to August guarantee. It does. Yep. Yep. See any pens fan assuming he does not decide to transfer will Brock right be anything more than a blocking tight end for the Irish is here again new offensive coordinator could be used differently. I got to believe that there's more to Brock right than what we've seen is a receiver agree. I do want to I saw on the board. Someone say, I don't know if he said I under I don't think I can include a breath right and something you said. Vastly under estimating Brock rights abilities receiver. I'm not because he would have more than four catches and five Targets in his career by was look chip long and Brock right obviously had a problem. But if Brock right good beat people a lot. He would have gotten the ball. I agree with that. I did, you know, I better than what he's seen, of course she is and I think he's extremely he's extremely valuable to this upcoming 2020 teen. Yeah, he could double his steps. I think he has he says I'll tell me I think he is 231 career snaps which Includes three seasons of football so they really did not play him enough. Well, it turns out that they didn't favor Brock right to play their favorite to play him enough. He could double that if they go too tight ends this whole time because he's they're gonna need tremble is a move blocker and he does a good job. He looked really good doing it in the bowl game, but he is not going to line up and block like broccoli and turmoil was I over the course of 13 games. He was inconsistent as a blocker, but he showed he got her crying. There's no doubt. He showed Promises of that, but I will Tommy Reese Utilize Brock right more than chip long did I think there's a very good possibility of that can't imagine he would not and I don't think right will transfer now. I don't know why you I think that I would imagine that some things could happen in the spring that would change his mind but I think his mind is already made up on that. We'll miss 155 which position group. Are you more worried about running back or cornerback Corner because it loses you games and you need three very good ones. If not for Running back need to find a guy and I have faith. I like as I think we said this last week. I like Notre Dame's backup running backs as backup running backs, but I don't like they're starting running back that they don't have I agree with that. Look the running back depends upon the offense of line the way the cornerback depends upon the defensive line, right? Yes, but but tragic result in your back, as you said as you said quarterbacks lose games for you more concerned about that and I'm as you'll hear in The next question I'm confident in the starting State safeties, but we know really nothing about what kind of productivity would get that Norton would get behind those two words it running back if the offensive line blocks. Well every one of those guys are capable of doing something productive. We both like sebo for master quite a bit. I think maybe more than other other reporters and analysts fans even I think I think he looks I think he looks like a natural running back every time I see him carry the ball he the numbers don't show that know and I'm trying to stay off the I'd like to see both Leominster on film when they signed him more than most people because I'm trying to stay away from that because that is totally irrelevant as we at this point it is yeah, I I like phlegm. Mr. Armstrong. I don't want to rule out because as I said try walking to your mailbox with his surgery much less try to make a guy Miss. I just like his dual threat more than his single threat Armstrong and I Lanes Taylor's a good running backs Coach side got to believe that if somebody can influence him into becoming a Running back, it's him. I'm with you on that and fans like Karen Williams that we shouldn't discount that because we sure did like about August catching passes. There's no doubt. But I also know that fans like Kyra Williams because they haven't seen them also, and he's the underdog that everybody. All right all yeah, that's the great unknown and I think a lot of people pressed that button and look I hope to see it as well. Right and maybe Karen Williams 20 catches is the way he really hopes to see that could very well be Not they too fell which player or players would you be surprised if they don't take a big step forward this spring as a lot actually the developer roster I have. Yeah, I mean II Kevin Austin would Kevin has never won. Okay, I believe Kevin Austin's going to be Norton's number-one receiver. So that's a pretty big job. Look at the biggest jump my I agree completely that will be the number one receiver. I think they're in trouble if he's not. Yeah Special Talent anybody home one, right? Right and I Third year in the program with everything that he's gone through you have a 100% guaranteed. He'll be there that's important too for this podcast right earlier this fall you hundred percent. Did I say a hundred percent? Yes 100. I'm confident that it's the I'm confident that it's a hundred percent, but I'm not saying that it's a hundred percent free. I go ahead. Why don't we alternate throwing names out? But he's he's clearly number one. Audio gandhiji I think will become Betty the guy that turns heads the most defensively New starters for the I didn't write him down because he turned heads anyway. Yeah, I like but I'm saying like you might come out of camp and say he's there but okay defensive front Seven Player. Now loosen car more is the best friend 7 player, but he's audio gain edges making that move. I would say Tommy tremble. I think he's going to hit the ground running. I think he's going to be good right from the very beginning so Trimble, so I just mentioned two receivers and I would also throw lenzi in there as well. Yeah. Yeah. Let's just going to be a lot stronger a lot. Confident I think those three guys are really really going to step up in emerging will start seeing that in the spring. What about Guys, like foskey that we've been high on. Well, I haven't gone to the defensive side of all he's definitely on my list there. I the drawback is sometimes we know it sophomores too fast, of course, but we're talking spring to not if I want as we know how the coaching staff feels about him. We've seen glimpses of them. You did something great on special teams against Stanford, you know, I mean, you got to believe that Jerry Patterson is a much better football player this year than last year just from experience and I think Josh slug gained a tremendous amount by playing as much as he did in the second half of the season. I think Liam eichenberg can become a very very good offensive lineman without the mental mistakes member mike.mccluskey a lot of metal mistakes as senior to without the mental mistakes and he's their best run blocker and he's a good pass blocker going in his fifth year and it's going to be all football for him as a graduate. So the only problem with that call is he's gonna look great this spring cleaning like burning guarantee it but it doesn't matter because look great against constantly am eichenberg. It's all up to him. It's right there waiting for him. He As the experience he has a size. He needs to get his head together where he's a consistent football player snap after snap. I don't think that's that's not a criticism. That's just that's the reality of the situation. He dumped penalties. I mean, there's the personal foul at Georgia and then a false start. You can't have all those things nice starts inside the 5-yard line personal files and start a game. You're not that's that's not what you're doing there anymore. I think Palmolive steps forward and becomes a starter for Notre Dame. Just somehow started. Yep. That's it. All because you don't you didn't say Jordan gym where Keith and I'll be the guy that I just seen her. I agree. I don't II maybe if I had to make a pic now because of the default easiness of him moving into the buck position where he already plays, but that's the only reason I had called and I just wrote Jordan J-Mart Keith is a guy that I'm most interested in seeing the spring because he's a senior in it and he should I just if you add if you said one of two guys is going to emerge more a large and Markeith. I'd say my wallet. Yeah. We don't have staff. Yeah, but Malala to and I write and I I'm very confident that Tariq Bracy is is going to look like a starter from right from day one of the spring. I like them coming out of high school. Yeah, I think he's done enough good things in an inconsistent two years. Maybe it's because he has to to a large extent. I try and end this is a thread I saw some people are asking you. Why do you say this about Bracy? You know, right, right. Yeah. I trimmed it. Look his numbers in fewer stamps now try Pride. Obviously, it's a good thing that he didn't have to win as many third down plays because he wasn't targeted because you make that means you had good coverage, right but Troy's Had more third down wins, which is knocking down a path tackle before the sticks or just good coverage that I when the ball is thrown your way. He had two more than treat Bracy last year. I mean an entry crazy comes in on third down. So like it's not like every snap. Yeah, but still about that mean he had me dozens and dozens of more opportunity. You know, how many stuff stroke right had last year? One soul and one assist treat Bracy had seven and for playing third down and rotating it the guy that can't dis to smaller private guy like the guy so to lean right? I'm not saying he's going to shut people down but there is a body of work that part tends to treat Bracy coming into being good start as a junior. Yep, JJ alwine do you foresee guys falling behind in the spring and hitting elsewhere post blue goal game here. We're being asked to name transfers, which I say, yes without naming the transactions, but What happened in the middle of the spring? I think it always does there's always you show up in a cup. Look who's stud still three most recently demonstrated. So just all of a sudden gone, right? I mean, you know the great Justin Ferguson left in the middle was writing for her. Don't let we don't we're a little uncomfortable saying this guy's going to transfer that's a little bit unfair to because already said the name of a guy in this podcast earlier who we thought was transferring for sure. That's you heard. He's still there now and I agree and you probably mean I say a robber said I'm being so I'm being unfair again, but I mean the fact of the matter is he's not a guy that's going to play and so he that makes him a candidate and he looking at it. He graduated to do right Amy can graduate so graduate. So that makes them can't the leaf pulse post blue game booped easy for me to say blue gold game. Yeah. I just I don't want to get too deep into that because I just think it's a little bit unfair but guys that have been around. The only question is if it will happen during the Spring it will definitely happen before the season of death. They will have transfers from this current Ross. You know, what One guy from The Freshman Class. I'm sure there's a lot of freshmen that we don't freshman from last year that we don't have any idea where they are. But Kendall abdulrahman. We just really don't we've got no feedback whatsoever on him now. He did not play at all which means he didn't make a move at the end because you can play and if you make a move, he's a good athlete right? I know he missed our portion of August that we ended with was about August 20th. He had no helmet on so that's that's probably a concussion for two straight practices. Okay that can put you behind when already behind the one reason I have not to reason don't give up on them good-looking athlete and that position is not exactly totally no set. No, like wide receiver. Someone can make a move to play. He can run. I mean you can put them in the backfield not as a true Runner but as the slot if they bring that position back kind of the way I've been talked about Jeff Armstrong, right, but it is He is the one of the for the do not play it all Quinn. Carol could not with the injury Isaiah Rutherford. We heard good things about it looks certainly Avery Davis. He's going he's yeah, he's going to get his degree and if he wants to play football, he's got an opportunity to go somewhere else and play football. Maybe even a quarterback he also and I don't get this because even the biggest play of his career for third down catch against Virginia Tech. He played three more snaps the rest the year. It's very strange that something's up there. Yep. Andy Davis to will the 2020 secondary be an improvement in athleticism and coaching compare the 2019 unit secondary all four positions. You lose live nickel, you know? Okay so nickel to so you're losing Pride which it's hard. It's hard to say gaining athleticism when you're losing Troy Pride, right, you know, you're losing to Quality safeties and the coaching stiffer because you have different quarterbacks coach. So it's a good question. There's some because my first response was absolutely not but when you mention if it's just athleticism Maybe I mean prior and griffith are probably better athletes than Gilman and Elliot but they're not better functional football player. Right? But in the point is a Hamilton's playing all the time now as opposed to a third of the time so you're obviously gaining a superior athlete back there more often, you know, I don't know. I mean, I love the Nichols a lot worse than Kyle Hamilton used to be though. Yeah. Look at that way. Yeah, that's that's true. You know as far as coaching. I mean, there's a lot of optimism Mike mickens bring out the best in Norton's We've talked about Todd light before he didn't recruit great, but he got, you know, pretty much by and large got productivity out of his corn and they said to it's good question. I don't know what the answer is. I'm not going to try to You know 6 at 6 on this side 6 on the other side. It's a good question because there are some things to consider their way to go came in asks compare Brendan Clark priest spring practice this year versus filled rakovict pre-spring practice last year. So the issue I've always had with archer Kovac stuff is we had so much information on him about how people inside the program and the staff felt. So we were never going to say I think folder covid-19 Going to make a move the spring because we knew he was not going. No, but we also had information on how they felt about Brandon Clark last year and a guy in a year when he wasn't going to play at all and it was all very very positive. I think Brendan Clark going into this spring is looked at by the coaching staff more highly than filter Kovac was last year and then filter Kovac and an uneven spring and a bad spring game and they talked to him about get it together or the true freshman going to beat you out. So I don't know how you could look at this and say build your Kovac was was compared favorably to burn the Clark If the coaching if there's offensive coordinator, thus the aunt was so first question was asked by way to go came in. Yeah. Well Brennan Clark is unlikely to be changing his throwing Motion in the spring which is what filter Kovac did and we were told that he wasn't asked to do that. You don't have a bed of a blue Gogi. He probably won't have his bed of a blue goal game. I spoke to Brendan Clark's quarterbacks coach during the off-season Malcolm Bell, and he loves them loves the makeup of him. So, you know, I mean our perspective is that that Brendan Clark comes into spring better prepared mentally and emotionally than fulfilled your Kovac was last year at this time. I agree, but I will stick with what you said about Karen. Is Brandon Clark is unknown? We don't know his Ward's we know all of those are covid very true. Phil was going into his third year and they probably would be better off if he had not transferred yet. If in look goes down true, so to put them wrap it up. We don't want it without piling the filter Kovac but going into spring. They didn't like Phil draconic last year. So well, I mean like we're going on information that was given to us not who we want to win the job driver. Who are we whispering? Pruning or who makes us feel all warm and fuzzy, you know exactly that's just information we have if you don't agree with the information that we have that everybody's prerogative Big Mac 24, should that Bayless be the highest-paid coach after Brian Kelly. Well, he certainly showed. Well it certainly in some instances in the combine again, right? Yeah. Yes, and November's been pretty good to Notre Dame. last two years of that bills Yeah, now Bell now was game right before November. No higher paid then I'm gonna go higher pay than Clark lie. I say no. No, I say no, but I have paid the my kelston. No because L stands been there for 10 years. Well, you cannot lose Matt Bayless that will say that too. Now. There's there's no doubt. I mean, he's great. They've done and your point about November is hugely significant. They used to be terrible that month. Yep, Brian seven three nine, do you? Jordan Botello will get a look at Mike linebacker as well as Russia and seems to me he has the ideal size for Mike. It might be a bit short at defensive end. They like his motor so much that Viper boundary end that that's his spot. Yeah, I think so too. And I understand what we're going to do. You know, this is a question 39 is asking the question like it set for two years. Well, yeah my yeah Drew white is yeah. I don't think you do that. You can't do that. Is he a bit short for end? Yeah, you know, but they think that he can overcome that with his skill set. And I think that he can to all right, we both and Pete as well and I think most people listening loves Jordan Botello as a prospect. They luck in at rush end the openings for Mike and buck. Obviously the reasons anybody can move around. A little bit. I mean it's not it's bucks. Not a firm position and there's guys hurt they were going to try to trial for it. So if you're moving around your pieces to get them reps, that's not the worst idea either because we still make an impact this year probably but he's also a true freshman. So you want to be careful about cross-training out. Yeah. You want to be careful about throwing too much on on his plate. You want them to be comfortable and be confident at one spot. Spot was he can't get reps because Daniel Mays would be the will be foskey. I'll go for and patello right unless I'm missing one healthy Wardlow is on the other side and that's not really a guy that's on the radar. You have foskey a gufu. Yeah, warlow's not going to factor in so it's it's it's going to be against reps. The 30-degree gufu. Actually probably gets number one reps followed by foskey and then board butalso. He gets plenty of Reps for an early enrollee. Yeah. Yeah, no doubt about that. Jim underscore boo. Eunice Kersey RS which starting position do you believe is most up for grabs during the Spring? Buck linebacker, depending upon what they you know, if they were to move. Oh Sook or more there than obviously not running running back certainly. And then the second safety, although I do think that it's Isaiah priors not necessarily to lose but I but I think the leader in the clubhouse. Yeah, you know, I think going into this thing now, I'm sure they're going to give Houston Griffith every opportunity to win that job and you know, I really hope he has a good camp or good spring because it be a bit unfortunate got to lose Houston Griffith if if he gets Biff Isaiah Pryor just way better than them and he's buried in they're not thinking of playing free safeties like they did last year and Kyle Hamilton kind of made you play free safeties laughter. I like to see Houston Griffith or Isaiah Pryor make them play three safeties again. That's the best health for the secondary. There's no doubt and you know, and they would they need that you can't have two guys, you know, Elliot and Elliot Gilman were veterans Gilman you had to break his leg to get him off the field, but they still got him off. They still got him off about Hundred and fifty more steps than the volume know they they definitely did did a good job a lot of times you just look up in. Oh, hey, he's not in there yet. Hamilton's of didn't matter Hamilton made that easy to do and you don't have a guy like that now, I don't see Litchfield as Yovan playing a role DJ Brown can he compete? I know you don't you're not I'm not as high of an entire last year. Yeah. I'm not I mean, I'm not saying that I'm high on him, but I'm but I'm also saying that You know easier time though, he did it. Yeah, I mean, he's still he's still new at safety. You know, I mean, so maybe there maybe there's some ability there. I like this High School film mainly as a quarter. I just I wouldn't rule him out, but that'll that'll be a competitive situation. So Gilman and Elliot last year had just under 1,400 snaps combined because Kyle Hamilton was able to 385 or something along those lines the year before they had eighteen hundred and fifty. And so you got 450 snaps taken off. I'm sure they'd like to be that again man. It's so difficult to look you. Can you can keep running out there and taking yeah, but but you know, you're going to you're going to be you're going to be banged up physically and you're going to be banked you're going to get knocked around, you know, mentally and over might not be kind to you. Yeah, you take it you get it you get a Dinger in the first quarter, you know like You still you still have to go out there? You may pass protocol, but your brain still scramble a little bit. I mean, imagine what guys go through on a regular basis. So very difficult. I do want to throw in a basketball question here. And it's it's a pertinent one. Can the men's basketball team make the NCAA tournament next season with who they have coming back and who is coming in will be more coming in. They absolutely have to have to credit transfers coming. Yeah, I like their freshman. But they're three star freshman Matt Zona. I think is a Rob curse type player. Rob curse could not compete in the ACC as a freshman. No, no and then Elijah Taylor who's a kind of a banger without great height, but they need at least one grad transfer and probably to I say to because who is your backup point guard if it's Cormac Ryan, he's also your starting shooting guard and it what if he has to start at point guard of hub goes down. Yeah, you don't have backup point guard you need there's there's people available in this world for Mike Brey to bring in it is getting frustrating. Yeah. It doesn't have to be your recruiting. It's Morgan the walk-on know it's either bringing two guys or play or have are as your backups. It's not like you're dispiriting freshman that you're going to hurt their development you're bringing in veterans to play over guys that don't exist. So you have no other choice but to do that is drawn Durham's going to play 32 minutes next year every game now, they'll that when I mean they're just go with a small, you know, let's just ski becomes your five, I guess. That's not a five either. He now I know yeah, I know we need a big fan and you need a point guard and Zone has an inside man Zone has a inside outside guy as well. They're in trouble. There was another question. Can they was that part of this question? Can they make the NCAA tournament? I don't know how I felt Notre Dame basketball fan pain when they lost to Wake Forest. I thought that's this was they had something going they weren't that good, but they believed their play other teams. That weren't that good. They're capable of getting the NCAA tournament which just helps your program. It is such an impossible uphill climb to get the NCAA tournament now for that. So these seven guys are going to win three straight games to get to the finals. Yeah, it's going to be leaving game everybody murderous. If you're if you're going to do it in the ACC. This is a year to do it. But still that question by the way was from Worcester Hoff and we have a question from Dylan Ellie underscore with the NCAA allowing the number zero now. This in football. That's because which current or former is pretty because it's yeah. Oh yeah, which would make the best zero. I'm not sure how to interpret what he said. I think we should carbon with a cooler user only specific to it. First of all, please don't wait. Anyway, I don't I don't I like I like Rex Pflueger a lot is a human being but I hate the number zero, it's not what about double zero sarrish, you like that have a day. That's probably Parish. That's that's just him absolutely different, but zeros zeros not numbered zero. From your first no, but why me for sports purposes. I just don't understand it. I just don't get it kind of pisses me off quite frankly. What's worse for you that or when Hub lets the ball roll in front of them with 35 minutes is the that's ridiculous is it's completely pointless. I don't understand why it happens. Why wouldn't a coach say Doug just hey, just so he thinks it's shot clock related obviously, right? Well, he can't really believe with three eye when he did it. There was 332 left in the first half now. Guess what? It's just not let's get it. So he's calculating. Okay, he's not calculated that trust. Of course. He's not calculating. So why are you doing it? He's not saying let's see. He doesn't a lot to shock clock plus shotcut plus plus possession. Okay, that's going to be 5 on my letter and I thought of you and I thought of you Saturday when he did that when I wasn't thinking of star and how good he looked at another team uniform. I thought of Francis have letting the ball rolling then he did it. Benedict out of Tim Tim and Pete who would be the fastest in the 40 chugging contest. I have Pete giving a write an answer right start with start with his right and Center 40 chugging beer is not his strong suit. So if he finished the 40, he's not sure he would keep it down and I would like to add that this is being very honest many beers as I have Shrugged in my life. I have never tried to 40 in my life even college or anything like that that like would not want to do look I'll stay up with anybody as late as a Want to stay up drinking and I'll match you beer for beer, but I am not chugging a 40. No. No, so I this is my this. I think that should be able to know what these type question though. The three of us should chug a beer in Manhattan Beach when we're all there in the hotel. Not a 40 a 12-8 12 beer of your yeah 12 on video for podcast subscribers and outside. Okay, so there's still an eye outside near the golf course of the West drift on Thanksgiving Friday when work is done. Of course Jack there is just which it will be by the time I land I don't I don't mess around on that. Well, I don't like I could say remind me of this but I know you won't forget and so I'm in yeah absolutely do that at the end of spring because more know I think I you know, it's definitely more fun in Southern California. Yes the 12th game of the year after the 12th game of the year in the eighth night game. I don't think I mean I've seen some yeah. Wow, holy cow. I have been to some good parties in my life. I don't cooking 40s. Is that a thing or is that just 40 because it's 40-yard dash made it more fun. It's it's not a thing in my era though. I had 40s in my friend firestone's backyard here in Miami Road house is gone actually but I never dreamed it. No, I like to enjoy each ounce that I drink a beer because you have a little past that now. All right. Well, we can all chug one beer at the Marriott. All right, we're on it. We take the Terry Benedict challenge. I don't know that if he was challenging us, but why in you can come you can come check the beer to client will send you the address the hotel we So you joining us today? Again, we will get together on Friday. We expect Pete Sampson to join us in will have one spring practice a full spring practice to talk about next Friday on March 6. Thanks for joining us Irish Illustrated Insider. Thank you for listening to the Irish Illustrated Insider podcast. If you enjoy our coverage of Notre Dame football, please consider supporting the podcast with a small donation put Irish Illustrated.com slash support your Port will help Irish Illustrated continue to be the leader and coverage of Notre Dame athletics.