Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again at pray for Jill.com.They on the show is one of my favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with Any Shankle? Okay. Are you ready? Melanie Shankle? Yeah, I already really do any F. Dance. We really are we this is we both already expressed how happy it is to get to talk to each other because it's like real like a real friend on the other side. It's just such a joy. Yes. It's like old friends like you really are one of my I was thinking about it last night because I knew I was talking to you. I like you were really one of my oldest internet friends. Oh no quite I feel the same about you. I mean, I feel like We met in six or o56 it was a that it had to be I'm six. I don't think I think it was a six because I didn't start my blog till I was six. Okay, I think it was it was I was 6 and you were just a sweet little teacher but was moving to Nashville in search of a dream. I mean well, but I'm sure she's just she's just precious. She's making a terrible decision. This will be cute to watch from a distance who knew who knew annhe s Tales that's what how well that was going to turn out for you not any of us when we were deciding it. That's for sure. No. No, I mean you think we were at the very beginning. In fact, I was telling Sophie this week. We were talking about book stuff. And remember at that very first she speaks conference and we were all there and remember that's when somebody told me and an agent told me or a publisher told me nobody's going to want to read this book. Yes member I'd oh, yeah, I think about it all the time that someone said that to you and then your book hit New York Times. So I'd like that person to that person knows. So it's fine. That's right. She knows in her heart. She knows who she is that's right now and that's enough. I don't I don't know that she does know who she is, but that's okay. I remember yeah, that's right. That's all that matters as long as as long as we remember we will hold it dear to us only right? So back up all the way to 2006 what made you I don't have asking you a question that you're answering 50 times on podcast. I hope what made you even start a blog. Why did you even want to do that? Because no one was doing it when you and Sophie started. No, nobody was and I you know, I had started reading blogs when I was on maternity leave with Caroline because she was born in 2003. So that was kind of when I discovered blogs and was like, oh look at this people write stuff on the internet and I'd always like to write but I think at that time Caroline when I finally started it she was about a month shy of her third birthday and it was just at that age where she was doing so many cute and fun things and I thought oh, you know what I'm going to start a blog like people do this and so I went to blogger.com and I got my free. Log spot address and I called it big momma wait, it was a mistake, but I did well, you just had no idea anybody besides your family was gonna really read it. Right? No, I had no idea and honestly for like the first two months, I didn't tell anybody I was doing it because I was like this feels like the weirdest thing to write stuff on the internet like this feels so weird and I was like, I don't I don't think my family I understand. What a Blog is. Is and here's the thing given my personality which you know this about me part of me thought I'm only going to do this for like four weeks and be done. Yeah. Yeah. I never I never finish anything, right? So yeah, so it's so funny but it really was on a whim like it just was kind of in a creative. I feel like I want to write I've always loved right? I'm going to go type some stuff on my desktop computer. Yes. Listen. Nah, I'm gonna dial up and I'm going to type some stupid pictures of my kid. Yeah, and that's it. I mean who would have known what that was going to turn into? I just think it's fast. I mean I was thinking about this morning when I was coming in a very similar thing of like man when Melanie and I met you were at my Caroline was like three or something. She was tired. Yeah. I mean it was like she was I mean, I feel like I when I came to San Antonio I brought her a pink backpack. I think yes, she was like in kindergarten and now she's a high score. Yeah, and now she drives her own vehicle like she'd ABS herself around like a real grown-up and we're like getting ready to submit college applications it is she going to try to play soccer in college now, she's not I can't really talk about it. Now. She it's here's the thing. I'm torn because on one hand part of the reason she's decided not to is she really wants to go to Texas A&M and you know what that means to me to have a daughter who wants to be an absence. So I feel like well done on that and their team is so good. It's just a whole different level of play and I think she kind of started to know early on like she doesn't want to her college experience to work as hard as a D1 athlete. Yeah, maybe has two marks. I mean it becomes your life. I've heard yeah. Yeah. So shocking everyone listening actually wasn't a D1 athlete either but I've heard it is very it is overwhelming of your life. Yeah. Yeah. I think it becomes it's your whole thing. And so it has to be your whole thing. And so, you know, it is what it is. And so Part of me is real sad because I love watching her play. But I also totally get it. Yeah, I mean that's the as a soccer player who quit After High School. I just want to tell all high school soccer players to keep playing but I get it. I mean, I hate the same decision, but man, I wish I had played longer than I did. Yeah, and it's hard because I think it's so all-consuming and and for her, I feel like we're always fighting an injury and I get like at some point your local area on your body is a lot and so you No, it's just and she's done it since she was six years old and she's done it. I mean, you know, the thing about sports now is you do it year round. I mean we were right traveled and you know, we're in the car every weekend we're going to Dallas and Oklahoma and all that stuff and so it's you know, it's been a lot but it's all miss it. It's been so fun. I mean tell me how your I'm trying to think of how to phrase this when you look at the last decade of your child's life at my friend Eddie call folks was on the show at the end of the year last year and his kids are six 5 and he was like the next decade of my life is them like raise them for decades. So you're getting to where you've raised Caroline for 16 years, but you spent a Whole Decade raising her. What do you know about yourself now that you didn't when she was six. Oh, that is a great question. Like I think that I am may be more patient than I thought I would be I think that I'm I think that I have learned that I love having a big kid more than I loved having a small kid. Do you really I do I love having a teenager. Like I I feel like for as scared as I was because I feel like you hear all the horror stories about you know, they're just terrible and they're monsters and listen. Don't get me wrong. We have I mean, it's like a roller coaster over here. We have some ups and downs. I mean, it's there are some days that I feel so sorry for Perry because he's sitting on the couch and she and I will just rear and if he's like what just happened and I'm like it's called it's called hormones and there's a lot of them. Yeah. That's right. There's a lot of those in this Currently. Yeah, but I think that if I had known when she was six and it's weird to me because when I look back like everybody told me that high school was like a freight train like high school goes by so fast and that to me is so true. Like when I think that she's in the spring semester of her junior year, it feels like she just started like that's so weird to me elementary school seems like an Infiniti amount of time. Like I think it's the homeroom parties that really do it. That's what got you in is his knowing how many parties they had to do at four times a year, whatever five times it's so it's so many parties. It's so many cupcakes. It's so many treat bags. It's so many school projects like shadow boxes that you have to help them make right and it's all fine. But it feels like from first grade to 5th grade now looking back. It was a blink but in the time you're like, well we're going to be an elementary school forever like this is this is my life now, but this is where I live now, this is where I live just here. Making a craft just glue in a doily on to something. This is what I do, but but I think if I wish that somebody and people did tell you but you don't believe it like I look and think I have learned that to me every year of parenting gets better and more rewarding because I think we're in the years now. We're starting to see the payoff of all the work that we put into the early years. Okay, just when I watch who she's becoming and who she is and like I could just cry like I'm so proud of her and And it's just it's so fulfilling. I also think that one of the things I've learned is you don't know how much you can dislike other children who are not nice to your child. Really? Yes. Yes. I feel like we've had some girl drama years and it's I had no idea how protective A Mother's Love could be and just how much you want to Shield them from everything. You're like so walk over here young lady and let me tell you a thing or two about my daughter. I'm about to yank your ponytail, huh? Tell you some things. That are going to benefit you later in life. That's right that you're gonna be glad you knew later. But for now tell me, you know, I'm thinking about our friends who are listening who are raising third graders or second graders or kindergarteners. What's what's something you would tell them about elementary school to that, you know now being the mom way past that I think number one by a lot of rubber cement you'll be shocked at how much Quickly, they go through that could be shocked at how often you need to use rubber cement. There's never a time in your life where you need more rubber cement than Elementary School. Okay, Emily. You never really needed again. Yeah, I think number one too just in I think to enjoy it for what it is because it you do look back and go those were really sweet years. I think also I didn't realize that the time because you've raised this baby and a toddler and so to me like by third grade I was like well Caroline is I mean, she's old she's grown. And I look back and I think she was still such a baby like, you know, like I look at little fifth grade Caroline and I'm like, I thought she was so old and they're just still babies, but they are and it's in it's like just to enjoy that time when here's a piece of advice an older mom gave me when Caroline was little is really be intentional now, even when they're telling you things and this is the age where they're going to tell you some absurd things and you're like, you know what I don't want to hear about your dream with the six pink dogs that like ran through the candy cane Forest. Like this I don't have time for this but I will say one of the things and I only did this because an older mom friend told me is she was like pay attention and really invest in listen to her now because if she knows you listen to her now, she'll keep talking to you later. Wow, and I think that has been so true because it's she still talks to me and and these are the years. I feel like when they get in a teenager's you really need them to keep talking to you because they're processing so many important things that it I'm so glad that she still will talk to me and be honest with me about stuff. Yeah, I also had a friend tell me when my friend. Annie Barnes actually said this to me. She said when a kid says hey Annie look at me. Hey watch me do this. Yes that if you will do if you will as best you can I mean come on everybody rise? Perfect and Hannah and how many times can we watch the same thing happen on a slide but that your response to a child saying that is kind of a lifelong thing for them where they they go like because I want them to go. Annie saw me, you know crazy and he saw me and always and and until I have my own kids and I'm doing it with them as well. But with my friends kids, I'm like no I try to really respond to that when they say hey any look at this or watch this because they know like they know whether you really care. Oh, absolutely. I think they 100% I think kids are so intuitive and so perceptive and they know when you're really dialed in and when you're just kind of halfway doing it, yeah. We always want to Perry's friends when he was little his mom tells the story that he would talk and talk and talk and he was her baby and she would just be like, you know, I've already raised these other kids and he would like come and get her face and be like, Mommy look at me with your face. Wow, and so it's yeah, I think you've got to and I think it's a hard balance because you want them to know like I'm listening I'm paying attention, but then you also have to teach them like you're not the center of the universe. That's right. That's right. So, how do you do that? Tell me how I don't know how to do that because to me a dime. Like they're allowed to be the center of the universe for the 45 minutes when I'm there. Uh-huh. So I do get to ruin them like that. Absolutely. That's the benefit of getting to be and that's you know to me that's the growth the glory of like somebody getting to be grandparents as you can just totally make them rotten and send them home and it's not your problem single think Grandparents were the luckiest ones you are you get to be the fun Aunt all the time and we I don't know, you know, I think that for Caroline it's just when she gets when she got An agent we tried to teach her early on like you can't interrupt like Union your dad and I were having a conversation or I'm on the phone right now or whatever and it's within within reason. I mean you still need they need your attention, but it's also realizing they can't get it on demand every single comment. That's right, you know, so right it is got to be that I mean it is talk about because what I'm thinking is it's got to be that thing that you allow yourself to make mistakes on as a parent or as crazy and as they call me as a person who has many BFFs or Instagram A parent you've got to let yourself make mistakes, but but but you also got to trust that that's going to be okay too. Oh, I think that's the whole thing and in part of the whole thing about motherhood because I mean I've had so many nights where I sat on the couch and been like I've totally blown it today or is this going to be the thing because here's what I thought is this going to be the thing of this going to be this hurt. Yeah when she's sitting in therapy one day she's going to say well when I was seven my mom dot dot dot that's the And here's the thing. It might be it might be because we have those things too. And you think everybody is just doing the best that they can and it's always goes back to me where I'm like I have to trust that God's grace is going to fill in the gaps that I don't because I can't be everything to her and I think because of the way I was raised and with my mom that's not a great relationship. So I I mean I came into motherhood hot like I'm going to be the perfect mom and that's just not a realistic expectation. And you start to kill yourself if you're going to try to because you're going to blow it and I think the biggest thing for our kids to see and what I've tried to do with Caroline is to be honest with her and be like I blew it like that was way over reacted to that situation or I didn't handle that right or I should have done this differently or you caught me at the end of a bad day or whatever. I mean, I think they need to know that we need Grace just like they do is it scary to think about your child going to counseling? Parents make that joke a lot. Yeah, I don't think it's I mean I wouldn't be I wouldn't be afraid for her to go. I think everybody can benefit you. Just hope that you haven't done anything that causes like the whole that's the Catalyst for their whole, you know, all their issues. You know, you hope that you've instilled in them security and love and that's what I always think at the end of the day is I'm like, I hope that Caroline's memories are ultimately that we weren't perfect, but we always showed up and she never doubted. A bit at that she was loved because I think that covers a lot of other mistakes covers the times would maybe you've yelled too loud at a soccer game. Yeah, maybe for example a pathetic person. Of course, did you and you we can totally not talk about this if you don't want to just say Annie. Well, I was but did you guys always want one kid or did you want more children? You know, I think Perry I think always just wanted one we never said It's one of those things where like here's what I'm a size single people do better because Perry and I've never had a kid discussion before we got married. You're like 18 as you get started have this compound eye. I'm just saying that maybe you should dig deeper than I did which was he looks really cute in his jeans and boots and he loves Jesus. That's good. What else do you need? That's right. Like we never we never really had those conversations that they tell you you should have in premarital counseling. And all that stuff, so we hadn't really talked about it. And then we waited we were married six years before we both knew I think somewhere we weren't in a hurry. So we got married 26, we waited six years to have Caroline and then I had a really really hard miscarriage before I had her and so I think that framed some of it like looking back because that was so bad and it's called the molar pregnancy. And so there were a lot of complications and so I think that mean I've never heard that before it's a while I had Never heard of it either so it basically means that I guess the baby dies and then your cells don't know that you're not pregnant and it's almost like a cancerous thing where it just starts to multiply cells in your uterus. And so I actually had to have like these like chemotherapy shots. And so on top of the heartache of like that we had lost the baby. It was like six months of like I had to get my blood checked every week and we were scared and there was this whole thing of am I even going to be able to have a baby You know, it just felt so scary and then when I got pregnant with her with Caroline, it was a little bit sooner than the doctors had told me to get pregnant which is another conversation maybe Perry and I should have had we are here there's a little bit of control over that but I don't know. Yeah, I'm just saying that maybe natural Family Planning wasn't our gift. And so we So I didn't really know how to read the calendar and so I got pregnant with her. And so then I was so scared that something was going to be wrong or that or that I was going to lose her again. So that was a whole weird thing and then we had Caroline and at the time I was still working full-time in pharmaceutical sales. And so it just felt like a lot to try to have another baby and manage motherhood. Yeah, and then I quit my job to pursue writing. And so then that meant that I was super poor for a Hungry, right? I'm right and we didn't have maternity insurance and then it just kind of became this thing of like as we started to pray about it. And this is this is kind of a funny thing that this is a this is a long answer to your question. I love you that Perry and I kind of started talking about it when Caroline was about to start kindergarten. I was like I kind of think that I want to have another baby and he was like, I really don't and I said, okay. Well, let's pray about it and I really went into praying about it. Like well God's totally going to change his heart. Yeah. This is yeah. He's got it. This is we're gonna have a baby but it was funny because I remember there was one night and I was asleep and I woke up in the middle the night and I couldn't sleep and I was praying about it and I was like God, I know this is something I really feel like I want and it's one of those moments, you know, you have those moments where you know, God has spoken really clearly just where there's no and it was at that point. I really felt like him saying you're going to give birth to something else but it's not going to be a baby. Oh, wow, and that started the whole and it was about a year later that I did the book proposal for Sparkly Green Earrings. Oh my God, I know and it's so vivid in my mind and I was all of a sudden I was so at peace with it like because I think that there's this thing because at that age all my friends were still getting pregnant and having babies and so you start to think well, this is just what we do and it became this. No it's not this isn't what I'm supposed to do and all of a sudden I was totally at peace with it and and I have to say like, I've never regretted the decision really. Yeah. I love having one. I really do and I think it and it's such a personal thing because I mean I have friends that have 6 and they like I'm sure they can't imagine only having one but I can't ignore like yes, you can look how clean houses look how classic flat look at. Look at look at the money. I can spend on shoes. I am from one college. That's right. I just think there's got to be so many men and women in the in a similar spot who had prayed for one thing and got a different thing. Yeah. I mean in that the way to me, that's the whole Christian Life. I mean it's where You're praying for one thing and you have this vision of it in your head. And I think that's the whole thing is because I was one of two kids and most people have two kids or at least or whatever. I think that in my mind that was just a given and it was like God saying No, this is what your life is going to look like and I think it's one of those times that I look back and go and here's that thing. This is got that was God knowing me better than I knew myself because I'm a person who was equipped to have one kid. I'm not a person who is equipped for the chaos of for kids. Yeah. That's I mean, I feel that a little bit about getting married malware. I think I'm not sure. Well, I am sure now but I'm not sure I knew how much I didn't need to spend my life as a wife in my 20s like that just where I wasn't meant to be a wife and a mom in my 20s and I did have to grieve that there is some like real grief to yeah to that what that feels like and what that means on my life calendar, but also like I can't imagine it a different way now, it doesn't mean I didn't want a different way. I just can't imagine what I how different this whole story would be if God would have given me what I thought I wanted then absolutely because you would not be doing the things that you're doing now in the ministry stuff and the speaking and the travel and the books like you wouldn't have been able to do those things. And if I was doing it, right I wouldn't have gone to date some of the guys have gotten today. I wouldn't have known you have some of the friendships. I've got to having like there's relationship. I would have lost that I've really Benefited from if I'd have been married at 22. Yeah, I totally agree. And I and I think there are people that are that and here's what I always remember. I got married two days after my 26th birthday and I'm going to tell you something. I thought I was old. I thought I am old and mature and now I look back and go. Well I was a fetus and I really had no better. I mean Perry and I aren't even the same people now like to me the miracle of marriage. Is that here? We are 22 years later and that we've managed to stay married because we are not even the same people that we were when we walk down the aisle like we're so different and I'm like, how did we even I mean it was just like dumb luck and the grace of God that that worked out. I mean just because we didn't know we didn't know anything about each other. Yeah. Yeah, and that's so but then there are so many of our friends who are listening who who did get married at 22 and it's been the exact right story for them and us and I just think it's one of those where and the kit people have six kids. It's where there's we we should look at everyone else's life and instead of going I wish that was my life. Just go man. I'm glad that's their life because that's the story God's right with them. Yeah. It's it totally is and I see people where I'm like, you know Perry and I did High School Ministry all those years and we had several different Couples from our high school group from our campus life group that ended up dating and then got married like right after college and they're so happy and they're precious and I'm like, but they were They were more holy formed functional people at that age than what I was apparently capable of that age. Yeah. Yes. That's a hundred percent true what I actually know about the people who got married at 22 is they're just better humans than me. Their brains are just better formed at 22. I was still celebrating when we had a snow day by screaming off the edge of my balcony in college. So yes, pretty much. So I'd still do that now pretty much given the chance. Yeah, and why wouldn't you so tell me how you've balanced? I mean, how many do you have on top of your head? How many books you've written out? N-no I slipped and I think right then now I think you have now. I think it's five for buk buk six, seven eight nine if you count on the bright side and the children's book that yeah Piper and Mabel Hood. It's all about the Small Things Fearless Faith every day. Holy nobody's cuter than you. Which I love the antelope and the living room which made me laugh so much sparkling green earrings, which everybody fell in love with you all over again about so yes, okay, and now on the bright side and tell me the name of the children's book. Sorry, it's Piper and Mabel to very good but very wild dogs. Very good. Okay. Yes. Yeah, so you've birthed one child and nine books and nine books. So clearly my giftedness laid in a different area. Hey, I'll tell you what. Katherine and Jay Wolf's a birthing a book as hard and birthing a Child part of me says that that may be true. I mean, I do feel like writing a book especially the first one like I always say like sparkly green earrings to me like that was so easy and Antelope in the living room was pretty easy. But then after that I feel like each one has been such a Libor of love and grief and wanting to quit really Yeah, every one of those but I think that I think that's my personality. I think Church of small things which they've renamed it's all about small things. So just know that so that's Church. Yeah, I did it. Yeah. Yeah formerly titled Church of the Small Things knots. Yep. That's it. Okay decided to rename that one, but that one to me was brilliant. I think my hardest one to right and I really don't even know why but it tell you to I don't know. I don't really know it took a Real toll on me and I don't know if it's just because I was in a weird season of life. I don't know that one was that one was a struggle. So but I think they all got harder. You know, it's like Lisa Jackson or I just said to me one time. She was like you've gotten to the point where now this is a job like you may still love it, but it's a job and I think for the first three I was like, this is the greatest thing ever, you know, like this is and I was just so glad to not be in pharmaceutical sales and have been to sell cholesterol medicine to doctors about writing is awesome, you know. And it really is so awesome the first like eight days when you're like I am freelance look at this and then you're like, yeah, I'm out of words and money and I don't have health insurance. So What about Brian? It's all for a 401k. Is that even the right letters and numbers? That's how much I don't have a 401 k that I wasn't even sure was a letters. Yeah, that's pretty much it. So yeah, but I guess Each one each book to me has a story to tell and I feel like each book. I can look back and go that was a season of my life where I was really challenged in whatever I happen to be writing about which I think is so interesting the way God works and which it's Sparkly Green Earrings is the first to hit New York Times, right? Yes. It was the first to hit New York Times and that was I think it hit the second week. It was out so it came out in February of 2013. Yeah. And I never will forget it was like one evening. And Caroline was eight. I guess at that time and I was sitting there and I was folding clothes and I was putting stuff up and it was the it was kind of late evening or late afternoon and Lisa Jackson who was my editor at $10 at the time texted me and she said we just got word that Sparkly Green Earrings hit the New York Times bestseller list and like I'm telling you any that wasn't even something that I knew to hope for right? You know, that just felt so like nobody hits the New York Times bestseller list. For like John Grisham and Danielle Steel survey was like, you know, that's that's in my mind. Like I couldn't even fathom it and here is where in you're going to laugh at this because you're going to appreciate what this means that like, I went running out and Perry was water and we had tomato plants and hey Caroline were watering and these tomato plants and I went running out. I was like, oh my gosh the book just hit the New York Times bestseller list and like we jumped up and down we hugged the neighbors came over. My parents came over. We popped a bottle of champagne Perry was ready to retire. And sell his landscaping business because of coming to York Times in our minds that change it was everything it changed everything it changed everything and I'm going to tell you here is what it changed not one single thing in my life. Like like I told Jen hatmaker one time I said like they don't even send you a jacket. It's not even like when you win The Masters that you don't even get a jacket but nothing. I mean it does say it on the cover of your new one on the bright side mount. Shankle niggas times bestselling author so you do have that but I do have that jacket no ring. No no large in number or in size check at your front door. No now now, why does it matter so much and here's the because it does that's I mean, I'd like to pretend like I don't care. It's because I think it's a thing of and and here's the best part of this and I do have to finish. This is like two weeks later. We got the actual sales numbers of the book and I'm preparing our sitting at dinner and I was like, huh? And so I was like, well, here's how many books I've sold and he goes, this is what Perry said, huh, so not a lot of people read I really don't know. It doesn't take much cool. Yeah, not a lot of people read. So I think because it's in our profession if you're a writer, it feels like and I don't even know why but it's been set up as kind of like the Pinnacle. Yeah success to just be able to say that and there is this thing of and I will say like it it has not changed one thing in my life. Not financially not in terms of I mean But you would be shocked at I mean thousands of millions of people have no clue who I am. Yeah, no-nobody. Nobody ever recognizes me anywhere. It's totally fine. Like it's it is what it is Reese. Witherspoon does not want to turn my move my book into a movie, you know, like it's yeah, it hasn't changed anything. Well not yet men. Maybe call me Reese. That's right Hinata find this race. Yeah, give us a call. But it's I think it's because this thing of once I got it. I was like here's the thing and this this tells you my personality because I'm a 9 on the Enneagram or I'm like but here's the deal I could never do another thing in my whole life, but I can always put that after my name. That's right. And it sounds good. That's right. That's a hundred percent right do it again. Yeah, but it's like it's I think that's it. But it's just because I think in anything that we do like whatever your thing is, it's like if you work it, you know it at the office with Michael Scott you want to win a Dundee? Yeah. It's like you You like the idea of being recognized for your work, I guess and I think I think I've thought about with the new book coming out next year and you only have to think about this about whenever books coming out is the only time you go like what will that first month look like and could we you know, and and I just have decided it is I think with remember God I went it doesn't matter. It just doesn't matter. It doesn't matter at all and it's just matter at all. And with the next one. I've kind of come around like hey Annie that's allowed the Her to you. That's okay. Also, it doesn't matter so both. I feel like I teeter-totter door all the way from it matters the most to it matters none. And now I'm like it matters the most and it matters none so hold both of those be okay with that. Yeah. Yeah, and I would think that's true for anyone in any job. There is a recognition you want even if it doesn't matter because that's kind of how humans are built. Yeah, I agree and I think the recognition is nice, but I think that what God has brought me back around to especially as I get older. And as I've written more books and you know, you know, like there are books that have sold well in their books that haven't sold as well and there's really no Rhyme or Reason to why right? You know, I mean, that's the whole thing is if book marketing can figure that out. Then that would be the million-dollar answer if you could figure out why one book sells a million copies and one book only sells 5,000 copies of whatever right but it's it's to me I look and I think and I'm sure you're like this too is its I've come back around to I I can't let that matter to me because when I get emails from women that say I picked up your devotional and I didn't even know what it was but God's been using it to change my life and I'm like, you know, what if I wrote it for that one person. That's why I wrote it and and it's hard to but I'm like because the books are a Ministry. I mean, I'm not Danielle Steel just writing romance novels. Like I'm writing these books that I feel like God has given me these words and giving me this message and given me something that he's put on my heart to share and to go out there. Then I always go back to that prayer of when I start to feel Thing rise up in me where I'm like I want this book to do well and I won it just sell this many copies and I want this thing to happen around my God. Okay. I want to go back to the base level which is I want I want it to do what you intend for it to do. Whatever that looks like. Yeah. Yeah. I think I mean there's so many things not I mean it comes down to I think for me control because if I work hard at something I should get fill in the blank if I pray the right words I should get yes, like if I know like if I've done my part then those results should be the result that I can map out on paper and in New York Times and getting married and having children and getting the car that you want or getting that. I mean all the things in our lives we can line up that we want for me and always comes down to control and thinking that I can control the outcome and I very most often can't yeah, and I think that's the way life goes is it's like there's so many things that if I could write this script, here's how I write it and you know, I have a lot of ideas that I like to share with God about how I think everything should go and not shocking the shocking the amount of times that he doesn't listen to the way I think they should go so it's it is that it's that that push and pull but I see where you know, it grows your faith and it is hard because it's like anything and and I still have this thing of like I want my publisher to Be glad that they took a chance on me and that they put this you know, so you feel this pressure that you want it to be able to do a certain thing. And my other thing is I want to be able to continue to write books. And so you're like well if I want to keep doing this that I need to be selling books because if people aren't buying books and my Publishers not going to keep publishing my drugs. Hey friends, just interrupted in this conversation with Millie tell you about our friends over at glossy a now. Listen, you've heard it in a couple of different episodes. Now that we are talking about skincare and why skincare matters, you're going to hear Melanie give you some tips here and a minute to but I'll tell you for me personally. It's not just about aging skin. It's about making sure that I am taking care of my skin in the Sun and also keeping it clean and fresh as best I can. And glossy believes Beauty starts with skin first makeup second. You probably know them for popularizing The glowy Dewy skin look and it's a community-driven beauty brand which I love with products inspired by the people who use them. I'll tell you what I have loved so far that it's in my carry-on on the bus right now on the love better tour. I've keep it with me everywhere I go is there milky jelly cleanser? It is so foamy, and so it smells awesome and it really Gets all the excess oil dirt and makeup off of my face and it's gentle on my eyes. It's great for any skin type. So I also love that. It's just like a beautiful bottle. So it is my new favorite facial cleanser so you can get that glowy dewy skin for yourself by visiting glossy a.com slash podcast. / that sounds fun. You can learn more and take the quiz to find your ultimate glossy a skincare routine. All new customers will get 10% off their first order on glossy a.com slash podcast. / that sounds fun. Again that's glossy a and that spelled glos SI e are.com podcast / that sounds fun and certain exclusions apply. I hope you'll try it. I think you guys will really like it and now back to the show with Melanie. Well, luckily on the bright side is one that everybody is going to love this is such a fun encouraging book now. I just I love it. Are you happy with how our like thanks? What was this one about? I mean, I'm I know it's not you tell the people. Yeah, but tell me what is this I started writing it in 2017 and I started writing it and it was two things happened churches. Things came out in October of 2016 and then and that was really had kind of been a hard season of life for me. And then the presidential elections happened in 2016. And I don't know if you know, but that is kind of to me when the world somebody set the world on fire. Oh, yeah, it was a it was a fad happened like yeah, we're all doomed everything is doomed and what I always say is by the time that election was over and going into 2017. I hated my entire Twitter and Facebook timeline and it didn't matter if I agreed with you or not. Like I was just like I'm so tired of us all fighting like this is just exhausting to me and why have we forgotten love and grace and joy and all the good things in life? And and so I thought I feel like we've forgotten to look on the bright side. And so that was kind of the whole thing and I tell the story in the introduction, but around that same time I had written it was an excerpt from church of small things and I had written it and it had been published on a major Outlet. And it was a story much exaggerated because that is tends to be my wheelhouse if I'm just saying just about how I had let Caroline's hermit crabs accidentally run away right and that we had set them free and that we couldn't find him or whatever and I'm going to tell you that the comments on that post people hated me because of the hermit crabs people said things about me like people I'm not even kidding. Wanted to beat me up in a dark alley because As I had lost our hermit crabs. Oh, no, that was a real thing. Like wanted to beat me at people were posting my picture on Facebook apparently has groups where people rehome hermit crabs over no repost it. Oh, yeah. Oh world is too small it needs to expand again. So I don't know these things exist. They are out there and it was it was that thing that we all have done because people who felt so strongly about hermit crabs were saying things like She shouldn't be able to have a child. She shouldn't be able to have a dog. She's a terrible person and I thought so we've made this leap about me based on the fact that I let some free hermit crabs run away and my backyard and we don't know that they didn't go off to a better life. We don't know that they aren't on the beaches in Corpus Christi right now enjoying themselves. But yeah, it was just the I mean I didn't say that. I killed them. I just said that they they escaped so it just but I was like we've forgotten like the right side like we've forgotten to look for the light and I just think part of our human existence is going to be so much richer and so much better and I feel like a biblically were so-called to call out and to find the light and it just felt like we had forgotten to do that. So that was kind of the gist of why I wrote the okay. So as it's going into election season again, you can be our political episode. We'll do here. How how do we because you just said people need to call out the bright side and like call out what they see. But also how They do that and still be kind on the internet like because I think so many of the people who rage on the internet. Are you saying terrible things maybe not about hermit crabs, but about elections and why they're voting who they're voting for. They actually think they are helping us by telling us thing. Yes, like I've got to say this because people need to know the truth and it is just fighting constantly. How do we do that? Well, how do we balance that? I think You have to remember like for me I have friends. I have real life friends that we fall on all sides of the political Spectrum. Like we are we don't necessarily vote for the same people. We don't believe in the same issues. We look at them differently, but I'm like, you know what? I'm not going to let a friendship end over that and if that means that we and and why can't we have a respectful dialogue and I feel like that's what social media has taken away to where we just we villainize like if somebody believes different than us than they must be all bad like everything that they Is stupid. Yeah, but I'm like, why don't we number one give somebody the benefit of the doubt and say this is how they feel about this but there's still a person they're still created in God's image. This does not mean that everything about them is bad because I think I think with that has taken away is if and this is why I will never you'll never hear me talk specific Politics on the internet and I feel very strongly about that because number one the internet has never changed my mind about one thing that I believe ever accept. Oh, I forgot back skincare, which we're going to talk about. Then our net has has led me in skin care regimen, but other than that, I would agree with that but like on deeply-felt political beliefs or what I've never changed my mind based on somebody's tweet or their post or whatever. Here's what has changed my mind at times if I can sit down with the person across the table and have her cup of coffee and have a real conversation about that thing and to really hear like this is why you think that or this is and it may not totally change my mind, but at least it helps me see there. Interview better, and I don't know how you do that on the internet, but I just I think when you're tweeting stuff or what I always try to think is this something I would say to somebody's face is this is this beneficial and I just saying it because I'm mad because if I'm mad maybe I just need to say it to myself and not tweeted out and a hundred and forty characters or whatever. I mean it is just amazing. There was a video I saw a couple days ago on Instagram fill in the blank. I don't know where where a guy is yelling at a school board meeting. Meeting and comment under it was and everybody in the school board meeting is yelling back at him. They all disagree with him. He's being super racist and they all disagree with them and then he shuts up and the comment under under it was they do a lot better when there's a screen between them and US yes. Yeah, I think in other texts because I feel like we can yell anything on the internet and and now people have to listen Yeah, I think it's true. It's always like I heard somebody say one time like we feel that we show our rear end because we don't have to show our face and like I think that's true is that's the internet as a lot of people showing their rear end because I don't have to show their face and right. So on the brats on the bright side is telling us to do it different and to and a better way to to to me when I was going through the book. I was thinking Mel's teach me how to tell stories better. Well, thank you. That's really nice. Yeah, and and that to me is the way I write my books and if you've read them and that's what on the bright side is is I'm not a I don't read self-help books. And so I don't write self-help books. Like I kind of write the kind of books that I like to read and I love stories. I think real life if talde correctly is always so much more entertaining and interesting Than Fiction ever could be and so I love to take a real life story and turn that into something because that's how God teaches me stuff. And so it's like I'd rather just tell you this thing about my life and let you kind of come to your own conclusions of what God is showing you in that or to find the humor in that and you know, if I always feel like with my books if it the end of it if I've made you laugh and I've made you cry and I've made you think then I feel like I've accomplished my goal. Yeah, what made you release on the bright side? And what made you write a kids book on the bright side all the same time. I didn't really plan that that was not my publisher is What happened how that said? Well, let's get the whole family on one day. Let's do it. All I wrote the kids book like two years ago. Yeah here I mean a long time ago. And so it had just kind of been sitting because I don't know all the reasons Annie I don't you know, it's how it go how the sausage is made. I took considering I think children's books take longer because then an illustrator had to come in Laura Watkins had to do the illustrations in the printing is different because it's color and all that stuff. And so at the end of the day they were like, let's just Have them both go out at the same time. And so that's that's what's happening. I'm going to get to write some children's books coming up. And and one of them is a first draft I ever wrote I wrote in college you're kidding now, so it'll be love that. It'll be the longest. I mean, it's the first thing I ever wrote and and and so it is that fun of like nobody knows how the sausage is made is the exact right? You know, like yeah, you never know when you're writing something how long it's going to sit and how long it is. Kobe until it becomes something that the public sees. It's true all the time in Nashville because people write songs and 20 years later it gets cut, you know. Yeah, it's yeah, you never know what words are going to end up getting used to but that's because with Piper and Mabel like I wrote it about my dogs and their I think what I wrote it they were two or three and now they're six and you say you start going y'all know that the dogs don't live like I As dogs died that would be bad. That's a great story in those dogs die. Oh my gosh, you're gonna get bad comments written about me on websites. Now Melanie thing. Oh, I love my dogs. I'm just saying that dogs don't live 70 years now. So it's like we have to you know, get it out there while they're still around and my book that comes out next year. One of the main stories in the book is about you and Sophie's podcast by the way, stop yet about the So if you can't remember this but in I mean decade and a half ago, when we started being friends, I was driving us to school one morning. Do you remember this? I was driving to school one morning to teach and I was listening on the podcast and I was laughing so hard I ran a red light and got pulled over. I forgot I was laughing so hard he didn't care. He just didn't care. I was like, oh my gosh. I'm so sorry. Laughing ran a red light. Well that is sad. He should have that cop should have looked at the bright side. He should have been glad on the bright side. Are you still loving doing y'all show the big boob hat big boo cast. Is that right? But you Cass. I love it. I mean, do you know that we started that stupid thing in 2007? We only the ogs for real y'all are the first people I ever listened to I can't even fathom like we still say all the time. How did we even know how to do that? Like we are too nice. Non techie people and it was really Sophie's husband. That was like what he was talking on the phone and he's like y'all had to do a podcast and I remember her telling me that and I was like, what's the podcast? I mean, that's yeah a lot. Like what is that? Yeah, but you know, so we've done it since 2007 but we laugh because we are even to 200 episodes yet. So the release dates of the Big Boo pack a star when they show up on your phone. That's what I listen is when it gets to and we've tried to be more consistent, but you know we It's like a surprise. It's like you never know. It's like Christmas morning like surprise. Here. We are, you know, but I it's funny because I think if you look like 2007, I don't know how many but there's like two years in there. We did to podcast for the whole year and it would be and it would be stuff like that. That's like I would tell her like my internet is an AT&T. I have bad internet and I don't want to have to call to fix it. Yeah, like we just wouldn't podcast brought to it. What I'm saying is we bought the professionalism. That people have come to expect from us. It's such a good show still though. Y'all talk about my favorite which we I'm just going to bring two topics that have been reset on your show that I would like you to do around with me on number one. I'm n Mindy Kaling and BJ Novak. Oh my gosh. There's just no way that all of each other. There's no way that they don't I feel so strongly about it in did you see this week? So like they were they were at the Academy Awards together they went he was her day. to the whole thing and then she put that picture up of the two of them that portrait from Vanity Fair or where he like has his arms around her because it was like a portrait yes and I was like well now there now they're just trolling us this mean it's yes this is them telling us something or being cruel those are the only two options yes that's it it's they are the they are the Ross and Rachel of the 2020s is what I'm saying like will they won't they are these two crazy kids because I'm like is he the father of her child I'm like I feel like he as to be like why if you're single and you're going to have a child why would you not have it with your best friend slash hopefully boyfriend right I don't I don't know I just I want to believe that they are soup snakes I soups I'd love to do you remember from the office when Michael she write that off when Michael rates Holly and he writes the thing and she's like he's like soup snakes and he's like oh that's soulmates or whatever but I want thought of it So long, it makes me so happy. Well, dude snakes. Yes. Yeah. I just I think they're so funny. I loved him as Ryan and Kelly on the office. I just I hope that he helped her write Mindy Project. I mean, he was all over me. But yeah, there just has to be there's something we don't have to there's a lot. We don't know that's how the world where so but and I respect that they don't want us to know it. I respect that. I respect their privacy. I wish they would love to know I do not respect the Privacy. I would like them. I don't respect value. Yeah. Yeah, I do wish that wasn't it. I need to know more same. Okay next topic. Let's talk about skin care because you are so good at it. What's the product? Everybody needs to be using that they're not using right. Now. Everybody needs a vitamin C. I'm going to tell you goddamn and C is vitamin C serum is the game changer really it is it's the game changer, especially as you get older like I even have Caroline using vitamin C now. I was never too young. I'm literally Just tweeted if I would have cared for my skin and my 20s like I do in my 30s, I'd look like a teenager when I get to my 40s, but I didn't it's so teenagers and 20 year olds will care for their skin. It will go so far. Yes. It's am going to tell you the two most crucial things to me are vitamin C and sunscreen every single day like every single day like that and nobody I didn't start wearing sunscreen every day until I was in my 40s which just makes me so sad and I spent a significant portion of my teen years being I'm a lifeguard where I may have put baby oil on my face, but I believe I did too. I did too. Tell me what what is the vitamin C cream? Is it do I put it on at night now you put it while you can put it on morning and night but really morning is when I do mine, so if you it there's lots of price points, but here's the thing about a vitamin C that I have learned in my research a true. There's lots of vitamin C products out there, but they are not all created equal and a true vitamin C that's going to be beneficial. It's going to be a little See her you just have to know that okay, but it's an investment. You only have one face just the stuff. I tell Perry when I order it. This is the only space it will have to make it work. I also say you don't want to be married to an old hag so good. I'd right that's true. Yeah, it is true. Where do you buy it? You can get it anywhere. So I like I've recently tried so one of my favorites is vitamin C serum and it's by Sunday Riley it's expensive but it smells like oranges when you put it on and I find that delightful now. I have switched to a different one because I'm always in search of it's like my white whale I'm always in search of a better option. So I just recently switched to one called nourish Max and that I On the website, but when I Google vitamin C serum is it was ranked the number one online probably by people who work at nourish Max sure sure, but who cares but it's and it doesn't smell good. It just is like a but it's a but it was a little bit less expensive and so it's just like a little serum and you do a couple little drops in your hand and you rub it all over your face in the morning like rinse your face with that on and then you let it soak in and then you can put on your moisturizer and your sunscreen And all your other stuff on top the letting it soak in to me it is a tip is a real tip the like I put my moisturizer on right when I get out the shower and then I walk away, huh? Because you don't just pile pile pile. Now. You've got to let it you've got to let it soak in and sometimes if you want to go really big which I do because now I'm 48 and I need it. Like if you'll get one of those little germ rollers that has the little sticky needles in it, uh-huh get those off of Amazon. I will roll my face with that and then put the Command C on top and it burns like the fire of a thousand suns but that makes me think it's do inside. That means it's working. I means it has gotten below the level it was supposed to get to so you're doing it right. That's right. And so I feel like I can feel the collagen producing itself in my face. I have not done one of the rollers we out. I'll get a leak for from you for that in the cream so we can share it with everybody. Okay? All right Parker has that really matters family. Yeah. I really believe in the vitamin C in terms of anti-aging, okay. Okay, I am of I am of the belief that my current thinking which is not near as fancy is putting chapstick on before you go to bed. You should be taking care of your lips as well every night. That's a huge thing. I'm going to tell you your I'm a little more busy than you because I use the Laneige sleeping mask on my lips when I got I just got some at a favorite things party and I'm going to switch as soon as I'm out of Burt's Bees. I gotta finish what I got I got Finish what I got and then that is waiting for me. But I mean, I'm not getting you in the last probably six years every night when I not you know, nine out of ten nights and I'm going to bed my face looks like it has a layer of something from clavicle to hairline. I mean, I'm just like lotioning everything everything everything on my face is getting cared for I'm telling you. I've started following Kathleen Jennings Beauty on Instagram, and she has changed she's all about face masking and so she's always showing Masks and I just ordered and I'm actually going to use it today. It's like a mask that you put under your chin that supposed to help lift and clarify that you know, who your Little Neck area starts to droop a little bit seen it. I've seen it and I'm going to use that later on today and I feel pretty good about it. But I never knew that you've got big plans. And so you're telling me you're like Andy we gotta hurry up. I've got some stuff to do. I gotta get my face gotta get my chicken mask on it's been great talking to you. Go its chin mask time every 20 year old just went like I don't want to build. I don't want to I'm scared. Now. I'm just going to say I come from a long history of very vain women and so I can't help it. I'm better but it's just it's in me. And here's my problem. I don't come from a long history of vain women, but I am here to break this to break the cycle and start anew. I will be the first First and I will I will raise them up in the way. They should go and make them as vain as the day is long. I think that is a good I'm going to tell you that's part of the beauty of having a sixteen-year-old especially in this day of like Beauty bloggers and instagrammers and all the people that do the stuff because Caroline is the one that will come home and be like Mom. Here's what we need to get like she knows all the best products. I mean, she's helped me find a better eyelash curler. She's helped me find a better bronzer. She's helped me fat find a better eyelash serum like she's The kids today the kids today no so much. No not yeah, my mini be offset. My oldest many BFF is 13 and it's a boy so he's not very helpful, but I am ready now for some because I'm a good even if I got married tomorrow, which I'm not world, even if I got back tomorrow, I'm 16 years from having an assistant makeup artist in my home. Yeah. Yeah. So true. Luckily. I've got my BFF I got y'all's kid. You just have to tell me what Caroline is telling you. Yeah, and she knows all the stuff and I mean I always laugh because I'm like, Her like her countertop. I'm like whatever happened to when I was 16 like cover girl. That's what I knew. Yeah, and if we were really fancy Clinic like every now and then Clinique, yes, and that was really only if my grandmother got it like as a bonus because she bought something right would give me her Clinic the bag. Oh my gosh Melanie when I went to that favorite things party. I am yeah everyone, you know, everybody's like bring two gifts for your favorite things party. And here's the budget like $30 very low budget for yeah, you know a gift. Because we didn't do it at Christmas. We saved it for around Valentine's Day, but I brought what the exact price so I get that mask that you talked about I get a Fancy lip mask and I brought Maybelline Maybelline. Mascara. I was like, oh my gosh, so if no don't discount a drugstore mascara, that was some very good drugstore and what I said to him as I like this is not your primary. Mascara you use this one after you do your normal mascara use this one on the roots and up once on each eye. This is your secondary. That's what I mean II told him this is my favorite secondary. Mascara again with the fan and if you starting a new thing in our family line, I know but if you put enough thought into it to have a secondary mascara, then I think you're doing your job. I think you're forging A New Path. Thank you. That's I feel that same creating a better tomorrow for the dance. Tom's Family women I know oh my gosh. Okay. You got a book coming out. Is there anything else we didn't talk about that? We need to talk about Mel. I don't know. I can't think of it. I think we've really covered a lot of bases in one conversation and I just need to publicly apologize that I'm this long and to my podcast and I haven't had you yet. I have no idea why I'm so sorry, but on one time I'm trying I came on I did a Christmas thing with you. Oh my gosh, you're right. Thank you. You did you did I was way out scores about looking for your name and but you're right. You're on a Christmas show. Okay. Whew, yeah, I was on a Christmas show well, but I do appreciate that you and I feel like all your podcast. It's like there's always it's like therapy and some Cries and they say all the staff and I'm like y'all you need to get some vitamin C. So that's when we both know our roles in this world. I know my rule I know and we are and that's why I told you I've been looking forward to today all day to talk to you all day because I was like, oh, this is just going to be the best in the most fun and we can cry if we need to but we just didn't he do this time. We have intended and we will but again, but today it was all it was the right side today Annie. Okay Bryce on the bright side. Hey Mel the last question. He's asked because the show is called that sounds fun. Tell me what y'all do for fun. Right now we watch soccer. That's what we did for fun. Yeah, just all sorts of are just just Caroline's all sorts of I mean like Perry and offer to people that you think did not know one thing about soccer when we agreed to coach Caroline's team when she was in kindergarten, right? We've become more alike. Okay, we got to set aside like three hours because they're soccer on tonight. Like we're going to pop our popcorn like we hear y'all watch him play What's the well, I mean us women usually I mean like right now we professional soccer people we tend to like the college soccer games when they're on and we'd love watching the u.s. women's team always and then just random if it's on TV we watch and you know it's that thing that his parents were like Caroline watch out see how they just did that see how the mess that Pi have she went in and like she's over there watching like to all the boys I've Loved Before on that foot right here super invested yeah I mean that Women's National team is no joke our us team is so good they are so they are so so good but it still goes back to like as a mom like my favorite like right now we're in the middle of school soccer season and I love watching Caroline play it just there's just something about watching your kid do something that they love and that they're good at that just is the greatest feeling in the whole world I loved you should be putting that you put a video up recently of her score scoring a goal and I was like man that is fun yeah see it is it's just I'll just never get tired of it like it's just it's fun to see them go out there and do their thing yeah that's awesome well will you also tell you My high and will you also tell your best friend go Lehigh for me? Because I adore her. Of course. I will I know that wonderful sweet guy like, yeah. I know. She's got a baby graduating this year. I can't believe that where's he going to school? I am you've done it you've done exactly what he says plan to do. We have we have managed to now we just have to get Caroline in but we successfully burn washed our children. So we will get to spend lots of years in College Station together going to football game. Yes. Well done. Yeah. Well, thanks for making time for this day. Email I love you. I'm grateful for you. Thanks, Annie. I love you. Thank you for having me. It's been so fun. friends and she's the funniest I mean I just adore her I just could not love Melanie Shankle anymore I just think she's the best we had the best time chatting and make sure you grab a copy of her new book on the bright side stories about friendship love and being true to yourself the covers beautiful the words are beautiful I think you're absolutely going to love it and give Melanie a follow all over the Internet so hard thanks for being on the show and how much you've enjoyed her work if you thing else for me I'm embarrassingly easy to find an EF Downs on Instagram Twitter Facebook all the places and I'm embarrassingly easy to find out on the road tonight in Carmel Indiana which is a sold-out show I'm sorry if your clothes and can't join us but the rest of the show's tomorrow night in Florence Alabama and then in Smyrna Georgia and then finishing up the Tour Sunday night in Chattanooga if you're close to any of those I hope you'll join us just go to compassion live.com to get your tickets and that's it for me today friends gonna go out and do something that sounds fun to me I hope you will I'll do the same we'll see you back here on Monday y'all have a great weekend