A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of life and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her story. She has an amazing story. So Allison is joining me today from Washington State. And for those of you that know me I grew up in Washington. And so that's how I know Alison Alison, and I went to the same high school together, but it was really The our job that connected us and how we became friends. So we worked at Children's world together for several years. And I mean that was kind of a we could probably tell you stories that what would crack you up about that. But anyway, I'm going to go ahead and listen you can introduce yourself. And again, thank you so much for joining me today you bet. Thanks. I'll get and would you believe that I now have a child who works at a daycare. So everything comes full circle. So I am planning like we're still seven. 19 and I'm not old enough to have a child working at a daycare. But yes, thank you Sonia for having me and I am a full-time single mom to three awesome kids. I own a few businesses. I run a couple nonprofits. I am just a mom who's trying to get through and that's kind of what I do every day. Yeah, so I've been following you on social media for several years and you know, Through I mean, I guess I don't know I've been on Facebook for maybe I don't nine years something like that. So however long you've been on Facebook. That's how long I've been following you and you know, just we kind of see on social media are our kids grow up and we have some kids that are you know similar ages. So that's been fun to just you know relate to you on whatever your kids are going through and I'm like, you know you as a mom I feel that too so it's been it's been great, but you have been through quite a A ride over the last how many years would you say? That is like heraldry? Yeah, I'm being honest. Yes 43, you know that is a that is a interesting question because if you would have asked me that two or three years ago, I would have said the last maybe six years since we had a life-changing accident, but in hindsight now I would say I had to Pockets of my life that were tough years and it's how I chose to react to those but I would say the Heartbreak turmoil and sorry here we go. Having friends are just okay. escaping for lack of a better word abuse and torment would probably be the last four years. Okay, my kids and I have really been In a hard place. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, thank you so much. And I know that this is like super emotional and like I've said in my podcast before talking about your past isn't easy and you know, it brings up a lot of just you know, emotions and triggers that you know, don't don't feel great. But before we actually get started I'm going to jump back a little bit because I want to first of all I want to share with you why I asked you to be on this podcast and then I'll ask you why you decided to do this. And so I'll go first really quick. I wanted you to be on this podcast specifically because my podcast is called dear past. Thank you. And I know that you have had, you know some struggles in your past and for me actually just learning that it goes back several several several years. And so I just think that you for you to put yourself out there on social media has been so Like courageous and for you to be able to share your story and because you want to help others, like I'm just I'm amazed. I just think that it is so amazing and you've put out there more than most people would and so even for me watching you, you know, kind of go through this through the things that you've gone through I you know, I've been so inspired and that was one of the reasons, you know, I decided to do this so so go ahead and I'll let you go now go ahead and share why you decided to say yes, I decided to say yes. And the reason I decided to start sharing more of my story on social media and helping others is when I first found myself in the situation of being a single mom of three kids who was left a penny in the bank who? Lost most of the support around her. Culturally in My Religion what I was saying and doing was not what a lot of people wanted to hear. There's no way this person could be doing this to me and later to my children, but he was such a great guy. It was for lack of a better word not acceptable for me to take a stand and I think a lot of that was my preconceived notions of what but and we can get into that more later, but I did find that there were many people who did want to support me maybe not. People that were supposed to but there are many people that did and it was through social media and Friends connecting me to other people and it counts and that I was able to sit in those really dark. Really dark it's okay. Scary. First days and just know that I was not alone. Yeah that I was gonna be. Okay. And so I knew that my children and I have been going through and continue to go through I didn't want it to be in vain right? I didn't want it to be for nothing. And so I had a job to do to share and let other people know you're not alone. Yeah, absolutely and you like we need supporters and sometimes those supporters aren't our family members aren't our clothes. Friends, sometimes those supporters can be strangers and can be those. Absolutely. Yes. Oh, yeah, that's awesome. Thank you for sharing that. Okay. So let's kind of give the audience a little bit of a back story on Where Your Story begins and you start wherever you want. Okay, you know, I like I said before I do a lot of therapy. I worked with a amazing life coach who works with trauma and marriage But to be honest and fair my story started when I was a small child and I if you like you probably saw from the outside looking in. Yes, we had some hard things. We went through in our marriage. I've almost 19 years. Yes, we had some things but I'm a happy person. I am a happy person. I love life. I love being happy. I love enjoying life, and I decided that I was not going to let things that has happened to me. Shape me for somebody that I felt like maybe somebody who's gone for a lot of trauma her things. She look like I decided that I wasn't going to wear my trauma on my sleeve. I wasn't going to wear my heart things. I went through all my sleeve. I was going to wear life. I was going to be happy and I was going to raise three Happy Kids well, I had to go back working through all this and I had to go back to my childhood and unfortunately the abuse that I left brought my childhood abuse and Trauma into that and so I'll back up a little bit. So it makes sense. But I was abused as a young child from an extended family member and I didn't. Acknowledge, I didn't. Want to talk about it. I didn't want it to be who I was even as like a teenager and and it wasn't until I developed an eating disorder in high school. And I was trying to have some control in your life. Mmm. and you may even remember a little bit of this, but I got very thin in high school I got I wanted control how I want to control my life and I come from a family of tall thin blond and I have always been that person that people say who do you belong to you know, you go get family pictures. They're like, who are you married to and I'm like, I'm one of them, you know, and yeah. I you hear the saying that as parents you do the best we can we give ourselves some Grace and I go back and forth like that of do we really do the best we can all the time and I think sometimes we take that as a way out right for not doing a fully good job and some things were said to me in my childhood about the way I looked not just by my immediate family, but extended family and family friends and grandparents and I remember hearing a couple of times no matter what size you are you'll always have a green face and that has stuck with me through 43 years. And so as I was not dealing with my childhood trauma and abuse, I was controlling the one thing that I thought would make people like me more or love me more and I struggled for a few years and it Wasn't until I went away to college that. I realized that I didn't intend to give you a little to make it even more complicated at that time. I realized I was diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome because no matter how much little I ate exercise three times a day the weight started coming back on and I was so frustrated and I couldn't figure out why and that is you know, having struggling with losing weight is one of those things. So I was diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome. I was told that having babies would be really hard that I would never be thin that I would just have to kind of suck it up and be fine with how it was. Well, that wasn't it that wasn't a good and right answer for me. So yeah, I again dived back into that eating disorder and I wasn't gonna let anyone dictate what my life looks like and at this time I was away at school and things were not going. Well I had spent My whole inheritance for my grandpa going to school that I didn't really want to go to but I was told that's what you're supposed to do at this age and what you're supposed to be doing and I started to get help for let it happen to me as a child and I didn't tell anyone in my family. I didn't tell anyone. I was getting help I didn't tell anyone what was going on, but I moved home when I realized I needed to stop doing things for everybody else. It was going to college whether it was getting this degree or that degree or taking these classes and I moved home and I told my family my parents and my older siblings. And I remember that night. very visibly and I said, I don't want to talk about the details. I worked through it. I worked through it with a therapist. Mmm when I was away at school and it was done for me. It was done. Like that was not going to be a part of my life. Like I had worked through it. I wasn't angry. I wasn't I just wasn't part of me anymore. Hmm. So I you know went through I dated a lot. I was had a career that I loved and I had broken off a couple of relationships and Had one broken off with me that was heartbreaking. And so I just decided it was time for me and I was like swearing off guys and I'm not going to date. I'm just gonna you know, work it on me and my career and I got really into running and then it always happens when you least expect it and I met my ex-husband at that time and it was a whirlwind romance. We fell heard we fell fast we dated for four months. We got engaged after four months and we were married for money. It's later. So that's kind of how we do it in Mormon land when you know, you know, and you don't wait, you know, I Reflecting back see some red flags that I at the time was young and dumb and he was very young. He was three years younger than I was so. And you know hindsight is a crazy crazy thing to look back but I truly love this person with all my heart. Yeah, and no matter what Was about to come we were going to survive it. So we haven't gone to college yet. So we moved back to Provo Utah and he went to BYU Brigham Young University and I worked I worked hard. I put him through school. We suffered our first miscarriage while we were there and that was devastating I miscarried. At home by myself and for even had time for you to like get get pregnant. You didn't the doctors told you that you didn't you weren't ever going to be able to have children, right? Yeah, and so we talked about it. We talked about how it he comes from eleven children. I came from six. We knew it was going to be hard. We know that it would take probably some extra measures and we just knew that it wasn't something we could do when we were in school probably because it would be expensive. So I worked really hard to get them to school and we suffered her first miscarriage. It was a little bit later term. So I delivered at home which was very traumatic and then found out I was pregnant again. So we were like, you know, I truly believe that this isn't always happen, but I was gonna have babies like that was my like I was gonna have kids because that's what I felt like I Being a mom is hands down. The best thing that has ever happened to me. Sorry. I have like no you were told your father. You're totally fine. So we got pregnant again and found a better doctor. I knew that I needed some early, you know intervention type stuff and for whatever was going on. and again There was no heartbeat. but I was I just kept saying they're wrong. They're wrong. They're wrong. So I flew home to Seattle to see a better doctor to see you know that we have a mutual, you know, a friend whose dad is an OBGYN who actually delivered all three of help deliver all three of my babies, which I know is weird, but I didn't know that. Yes, you just check around to help deliver all three of my babies, but Flew home to get some answers my parents were like we need to get some answers for you. We need a good doctor. And so I flew home and I started seeing a doctor in his office and she said Allison, there is no heartbeat and I again delivered. Wow, pretty late term on my parents bathroom floor my goodness because nobody was going to tell me that that baby wasn't there till it wasn't there and I wanted to do dmc's and I was like, nope. This is a process. I need to go through. So I went through that flew back to Provo and suffered another. Shorter term miscarriage, you know only a couple weeks. Yes and decided that we needed to come home. He needs to finish his schooling here that I needed to be having a family was our number one priority at that time and he could go to school anywhere so we came home we moved home and I started seeing a doctor here. He transferred school got a job and we started to look into adoption and I thought I Do this anymore for whatever reason my body is broken and at that time I connected it to what had happened in my childhood. I thought my body is broken and I have the best viewed as Doctor Who you know assured me that's not what was going on or you know, I had done something wrong and I was being punished and I got pregnant when we started looking for through adoption and it was I got pregnant with my Sophie girl and it was interesting how we started looking into the adoption process and I found out I was pregnant and they immediately put me on some medications at my body needed to stay pregnant. It was a hard pregnancy, but I have the most amazing almost 16 year-old ever. I suffered miscarriages in between each of my three children. So I've been pregnant a total of eight times. My goodness, so that was that was a hard journey for us that was really hard. But I thought we survive this we survived all of this we're going to be okay. So we started our own business. We Lucy was a little bit of a surprise. I didn't think I would get pregnant with Lucy and she's been a surprise ever since the day. I started her own business and then 2008 the economy crashed and I I feel like that's when things started to take a turn and we had picked out a house. We were going to buy our first house. I was pregnant with Lucy and overnight. I was told our business had to close. He said we have to close over night and I was devastated. I was like, what are we going to do? I'm pregnant with my third child. What are we going to do? We had to pay all of our employees. There was nothing left for us. I just was in What are we what are we going to do? And so my anxiety started to just kind of take over? I had two small trailer almost went with my third we had no income and so we he took a job with the Union which was a huge blessing but we decided or then in 2009. I was maybe his 2008 December. He was laid off from the union their work was drying up in commercial as well as in Residential and so we decided he should go back to school. He should go back and finish what we left and we had three kids under the age of 5, and we packed up everything. We sold everything we packed up and we went back for him to go back to you. Why you and while we were there I decided that he just he wanted to go to grad school. And so I decided I didn't want to go back into corporate stuff when my children were. In school, I wanted to be able to be the room mom and I wanted to be able to be flexible. And so I put myself through hair and aesthetic school at night. I left at 5:00. He would get home kind of early. So we would have kind of the afternoons together and we would be together as a family and then I would leave it five the kids were little so they go to bed about seven. So he hadn't been like two hours wake, I would go to school till 10:30 at night every night goodness and And then I would get home and he would go work night as security at the college, so it was crazy. But as I look back at that time, it was probably the best time of our marriage like we had nothing. We were dirt poor, but it was also probably some of the best times we moved that he graduated and decided he didn't want to go to grad school and we moved back to Seattle in 2012. And he went back to construction which was really hard for me because we have worked so hard mmm, but I wanted to be supportive of whatever, you know, and I knew that I could always work and do whatever we need to do to live in Seattle, which is so ridiculously expensive so crazy. So we moved back. I started my own hair and skin business. I was had a little Salon in my house things are going really well his job was going well. Well, we still were talking about possibilities of grad school and how that would look and and in 2013. my life my life changed Okay. Take your time. No, take your time. We had them started doing triathlons together when we were at school and the kids were little it's kind of a way to do something together, you know. focus on you know, the stress and energy and think, you know proactive about it and In 2013. I had while we were still in school had to hysterectomies which is another story gosh. And so I would still recovering I was going to school full-time did not put recovering from two hysterectomies. He had moved back with Henry. So I was by myself and prove out with the girls. And so when we moved back and he did this Triathlon, he did this one by himself. I was still in recovery and Hit a pothole. Well going down a hill on his bike and was ejected from his bike. And hit a utility pole post. Was very severely injured was revived three times spent a long time at Harborview. So how old were the kids at this point? The kids were eight. Almost 6:00. No, nine almost seven and four. Okay, and he woke up angry. Yeah, he woke up. angry at me he woke up angry at the world. He did a really good job of masking it out and about. He was still that good guy. He was still about Golden Boy that everyone told me I got a good one and you're married to a good one, and I was yelled at in my sleep. I would wake up to him just screaming at me at the top of his lungs. And so this is all as a result of his accident. So the smoke yeah, but also when I first started seeing a therapist, she said, you know, the 2017 when I told him he had to go. She's like what happened I said, I don't know what came home one day and my world exploded. I don't know everything was fine. And it wasn't it was just me in that survival mode. And so Because of the accident I truly believe before the accident, I think there were some Tendencies towards narcissistic behavior. I think there was some issues that were unresolved for him. I think that after the accident he couldn't control it and that makes sense. Like I truly believe he wanted to be a good husband and a good dad and we had been through so much. Yeah so much that I was like we can survive anything right? He was the love of my life. I can survive anything. I now see I probably wasn't always treated the way I should have been I maybe didn't always treat him the way I should have because no excuse but I wasn't being treated. in front of my face and behind my face the way I was supposed to be and so he woke up angry and there were things like I you know, when we left Harbour View the social worker said you both need PTSD therapy you both need to you know, they said the social worker said she down and she could give you a list of things you need to do and I didn't do it because I thought oh, I'm fine. I have overcome so much in my life. What's a little accident? I'm fine. Yeah, but it's things started to get bad and behavior started to be more and more concerning I said, Not like you need to go talk to somebody you need to get help you need to get on medication something like hmm. I don't know what's going on here and it got to the point where I was being gaslighted so much. I was being scapegoated. I was being lied to I was being screamed. I mean I if I bought the wrong milk, I was in trouble and I kept thinking this has to be because of something else this can't be because I bought the wrong milk, right and one of the things and I know you I share this on social media as I homeschooled my kids and that was nothing that he had always wanted me to do and you know me I joked about it and I was like heck no, I'm not homeschooling my kids. I'm the last person. Well what we started to you know, our middle child was suffering from quiet add and some intense anxiety and so he was struggling with some stuff and Lucy was tested highly gifted but had a dysgraphia and dyslexia and the school wasn't really like helping us as much as I could. So I thought okay now is the time and I started to do a lot of research time. And about so school and where it doesn't have to be me sitting down doing the lesson, but you can do it online and you can you know, do all these things there's groups and so it's something he had always asked me to do and I finally was like, okay I closed up my hair and skin business my facial hair and I started homeschooling and I got in trouble because I started two weeks earlier than he wanted me to and I'm like, okay so I can't win here. So that was a big like argument debate. So then he had always wanted to go on. He always wanted to travel the u.s. In a motorhome and I don't know if you remember me announcing that we do I do because yes because you said you were going to come to Nashville and we had just moved here and I was like you have to come and see us. Yes. Yes. I soak my had in January 2017 things were getting really bad with him. And I thought what can I do to save this marriage? What can I do to save him? He won't go talk to anybody. He won't do anything. What can I do and I didn't know at the time through all of this. There had been stuff going on behind my back there had been searching, you know how to win custody of children against a woman in the state of Washington out of like fake falsify, you know stuff and I later doing computer search, you know searching my computer. I was like this was going on when I was trying I homeschooling I was saying okay fine. We'll go on the motorhome trip. And so we earned a trip to Hawaii in January 2017 through my organic builds business and We went as a family and there was always this argument of why it was frivolous or we shouldn't go even if I had earned it there was always this reason of why and so we sat on the airplane on that trip and we sketched out where we were going or motor home. Mmm, and we got home. We sold everything that we owned went and picked out motorhomes wouldn't all this stuff and when When I walked through the door an early day in March of 2017, I was screened at I was told it was terrible mother. I was told we were going on the motorhome trip anymore because I didn't do it the way he wanted. He was the man he was going to control everything. It wasn't my fault because I had a terrible mother and my kids were crying. I sent him upstairs and I said you have to stop he need help and he said that He would now be in control of everything and so it escalated and got worse and I could go into so much more but eventually on March 31st of 2017. I put all of his belongings. It's black garbage bags. They said about the from work. He said my children. I send the text. I said I don't care where you go, but my children will never ever. Here you talk to you about me again. Yeah, my children will never sink. This is okay. My son will never think this is okay right to talk to him this way. My girls will never think it's okay to be talk to you this way. And yeah it just that's when yeah, it just got worse and worse and worse, but that's where leading up to my divorce where where yeah, I'm from so I um That I mean girl, you've been through a lot and I didn't even know like half of the stuff more than half of this and the fact that you just from the outside. I mean, you just keep going and Nothing Stops you and even through that marriage and you know, like the highs and the lows of the marriage and you know, like you said being dirt poor and you just keep going and going and going so I want to ask you a question about You know, you kept like I said, you kept going all the way until you left those bags out on the front porch and told him, you know, go leave never to come back. But I think that's huge for you given, you know, kind of like you said your religion and your background because that's not what you're supposed to do you that is like a big No-No you you deal with it and you figure out how you're going to deal with it. So talk to me a little bit about that like how how that affected you relationships like with your with your family and you know your friends. Yeah, I think one of the things I've learned through this process is a separation of people from the actual Institute or Gospel of my religion and growing up Mormon LDS, whatever you want to call it. There's all different names. I saw that you just stick it out. You just stick it out. I had a dear friend tell me unless he cheats her beats. You stay wow, and I remember replying back to her. That's the status advice anyone's ever given me because I now know especially I said Who emotional is so? I've had every kind of abuse you can think of I've had every kind of abuse and the mental emotional and just is so damaging the physical goes away. You forget what it felt like you forget. for me at least but those words still I fight daily to keep those words out of my head that I was told that I was said to and so in my religion we were married and sealed in our Temple and you You don't. Get a divorce and I think I was stuck on the stigma of before and I think things are work changing the conversation and that's one of the things why I've been so vocal about this is that we're changing the conversation and that abuse is abuse. It doesn't matter what form it takes its abuse and I was scared to death. I was scared to death and I had family members and close friends and I've been blessed with amazing church leaders, but I did have a couple Shins where it was awful and that I may be needed to do something different. We don't believe you he's been wonderful. You're the problem. There's no way and that was a very dark hard place and I knew deep down that the God that I knew and that left me. And that left my children would never condone this Behavior. Yeah, I would never want me to stay and I was so blessed to have I got angry. I got really angry at God. I did everything I was supposed to do I was you know, followed everything that a good mom and a good wife and I did all these things I was supposed to do. So, why was this happening to my family? Why was this happening to me after everything? I've been through everything. I've been through and It's so much hard work. But I now know that the way that people reacted to me is not a reflection of me. It's a reflection of them. Yeah, that's and the way that I was treated at the end end, whatever you want to call it. Is not because of me it is because of what's going on with them and where they are. Yeah, and it's been probably the hardest I would say of course is in your marriage and your family but losing most of your family mmm. The other thing that nurses and and of users do very well is they set up they set you up and so I didn't know for months that people were being told I had a drug problem. I was having Affairs. I was I mean, wow, I jokingly know say if I had a drug problem, I'd be skinny. Listen, I do not have a drug problem. Like I would be sleeping at night. I would be skinny like I mean having Affairs I was a Stay at home warm and mom of three who was homeschooling and running a business out of her home like really where when and so I was being groomed to be a terrible person for who knows how long before so my family and friends were being told church leaders, whatever we're being told these things that were couldn't be farther from the truth and even after proving in a court of law at trial these things were not true and what he did to me it's hard for people to go back and say I was wrong. Hmm. I was wrong. And it's caused a lot of loss. Yeah a lot, but I realized through it all that my relationship with God is stronger than ever. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with me. Nope. That I will copy defined by other people's mistakes and that I make kids and I talk probably daily about the fact that there are so much good waiting for us because I truly believe that we don't go through these hard things the hard things. I went through my childhood led me up to being able to handle the things that put me through in my young adult years, which put me through the loss of all those babies which prepared me for the loss of mine. Courage when compared with for the my children not having a dad anymore which prepared me or I mean, I just feel like everything I went through every step I went through and when I chose to rise instead of just crumble prepared me for what was coming next. Yeah. Yeah, and I feel like you know when I when you share stuff on social media like not once have I ever you know thought Thought or have you ever said why me? Why does this have to happen to me? You know like I mean, it's so easy for people to just say like why me how like, you know kind of in play the victim of all of it and you know kind of just sit with that and like I said through everything and all the stuff that you're sharing. I never knew I'm tons of people have never known because you just go you it's you you're faced with a problem and you figure out how you're going to get through it and you just go so And it's not a matter of some people would say it's it's not that I don't acknowledge it. It's not that I am not willing to face it. It's not that I'm stuffing it away and pretending it's not there. It's not that at all. I am so aware. It's that I have an somebody recently said I can't imagine what it's like to be a victim of abuse and I said, I'm going to kindly ask you to never use that word again. I am not a victim. I am a thriver driver and I'm afraid were and teaching my kids to be survivors and drivers. So I'm going to kindly ask you not to use that word ever again because we have two choices at the end of the day we have We have two choices people seldom. I don't know how you do it nice and we have two choices at the end of the day. We sink or we swim but I added a third or we get on the diving board and we jump in with both feet both arms stretching away out and I've told my kids for all of this. We are not a victim of our circumstances. We are not a I will not be molded and shaped into what has happened to me. I will be molded and shaped into what I'm going to do about it. Yeah, and I will continue to serve and be there for other people because at the end of the day I can either sit there and be sad for myself and wallow in self-pity and do all those things or I can get out there and do but Or I can to make other people's day in life a little bit brighter in return selfishly helps me feel better. And so that's kind of our motto what we live by. Yeah, and I you know, I said to a friend and you know this I wanted to start this podcast like six months ago and I just dragged my feet and I just I couldn't get myself to do it in and I felt like, you know, I just wasn't ready. I just wasn't at the point where I felt confident enough. And I was ready to just just go for it. And I told a friend about it and I said, you know, I'm just going to do it because I'm saying this just because you mentioned it like selfishly I need this like we need all heal together and everybody's past is different and everybody situations are different. So by no means am I trying to say like, you know, any of my past issues situations are like yours, but it's just that community of supporters, and it's Those friends that can just you know, be there and listen and and share and you know, you are just doing so many amazing things taking your experience and you know, helping other women recognize the signs and recognize like hey, you don't have to live this way. There are other ways and you know, just helping people navigate through that. So I just think that you know, you're doing such an amazing job doing, you know doing what you're doing. You can kill and thank you so much for you know for sharing all of this and you've been doing it for a while on social media and I reached out to you a couple of years ago. Maybe, you know a couple years ago and just because I felt like, you know you even though we didn't really keep you know, a close friendship over the years after you know high school and all of that there was just I just felt like a connection to you. And so I'm glad I did that because here we are today. Yeah, exactly. Well, I think it's so important I had hate mail for lack of a better word. I've had terrible stuff of how dare you, you know, say these things how dare you your children are going to hate you someday, you know, I've had all kinds of stuff thrown at me and I the people that shared that I didn't even know before the people that I was connected to the life coach that I found the therapist that I found all because of what I was going through because people were willing to share their Tori I may still be in a dark dark place where I thought what is wrong with me this doesn't happen to people this doesn't like what did I do wrong? Am I not am I not smart enough am I not fun enough and might not skinny enough of my not beautiful enough. Am I not better wi-fi my I mean all these things that we're going through my head in the beginning had people not been willing to share with me that process of figuring out exactly what had happened to me and having being able to put a name to it and being able to Then go research and do all these things to figure out what exactly it happened to me and how to help my children to know. I'm not alone and how to navigate it. If I am quiet who could I have or will help and know that they're not alone and save them from a very dark place of what next and that's why I started my next first steps and that's my way of saying it's literally just one step at a time and there's going to be some neck. Steps you have to take and it's hard and it's scary, but you're not alone. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So I just want to like I mention this kind of in my intro just you know, the things that you do and you have like or you mentioned it you have like five jobs five different jobs, including the next steps that that you've just launched so aside from Rodan and Fields you do hair and interior design and A huge Community Advocate and then we do you mind sharing just what exactly is the next few steps in where people can find more information on that. Yes, so the kids and I had started a nonprofit called blessing bags and that's for the homeless and children's hospital and stuff and my oldest kind of took that over and so as I was looking for another way to serve or help I started to Get messages from people saying I need help. I'm in this situation. Can you help me navigate this and I decided that I wanted a resource for women who were in my position that I found. I was left with a penny in the bank. No attorney. He had a paid attorney. I was left with bills being shut off because everything wasn't in my name and I was in this situation where I felt stupid and so for being that situation so I wanted something to help women navigate and so I see you know we launched next four steps everything's in the process and we were doing fundraising so that we could help women just get help with filling out paperwork I remember sitting in the top of King County Superior Court in the law library trying to look up what is this mean how do I respond to this and for the first year I represented myself and I was lucky enough that I had a child it was old enough to babysit and I was self-employed and you all these things that I could go and I could do that until it got so legal and complicated The hire someone but I want women to know what are your rights? What is okay. What is not? Okay. What do I do next? Do I not sign this? I was told to sign things in the beginning that were could have been incredibly detrimental and work. I you know these kind of things and so we are in the process of doing fundraising and those kind of things. Unfortunately. I'm still helping women and on a smaller basis, but unfortunately because of my only goal battle and the finance Financial Burden Burden that has put on me. It's the actual fundraising to provide these services for women is kind of been put on hold but I do have my Facebook or my Instagram where it's just helping see the signs. It's a community where you can send me questions and it's just called Next underscore first underscore steps. My personal page Ellison Eastman, I share a lot but my hope in the future is that we have resources for women. That they can call or send an email that says I was just served with these papers. What is this mean? Hmm, my you know, I had a situation where I had purchased guns and purchased tried to purchase a home far away that I didn't know. I mean I had situations where I had to go to the court and say I need a protection order. I need help this person is out of his mind. And so I had I not had I guess. This been smart enough or have the ability to know what to do that how to do that where to go what to fill out or the determination to do it myself. I want to provide that for other people. And so that's what next First Steps will and even just you know, I being my own attorney for a year being able to provide a short term attorney legal assistance for someone who just needs help filling out paperwork, you know just needs help doing whatever and so God is my goal. Long-term I did just end a more still in the process of things and our trial which is very consuming financially and emotionally. It's still has some things that are in working. But so that did have to be put that on the back burner for a little while. Okay. Well, thank you for sharing that and I think that that's just so amazing. What is what is it that like we can do to help you with the next First Steps right now. I know you said that, you know kind of fundraising and things like that, but is there anything that we can do right now to help with that because I think that's amazing just to even I mean help with the paperwork. I mean, there's stuff that I wouldn't even know where to begin. I know and I've been so blessed with a friend a dear friends growing up. She is an accountant and she does all this stuff so she's been able to help me. We have the paperwork done. We have all of that done. My long-term goal is to be able to have branches of next four steps in each state little Is where we have an attorney that will get paid, you know, once we've earned through pro bono hours, but in attorneys couple attorneys on staff that says hey this person just needs help with paperwork and then if they can work out in a financial agreement, I was blessed with an amazing journey, you know, I spent fifty eight thousand dollars last year and legal costs. And so I have an attorney that works with me, you know that, you know, because who can write a check for $50,000 when you're a single mom of three who's not getting support, you know, it's like And of those things and so I my long-term goal is to have not only in Washington state but all over where we just have. The resources to help people say, you know, I've had a girl that called me last week and she says I just was served and I don't even know what to do and for me to be able to say you need to go to your ear Courthouse. You need to go see if there's legal aid help you're going to need to get in line before 9:00 a.m. They're going to open up at 9 a.m. Get in line at 8:30. They can't give you legal advice, but they can show you what forms to fill out what not to sign what to sign those kind of things. That's what saved me so just people even knowing that that resource is there. Yeah, you know the Salvation Army will provide Legal care if you can, you know go and call them and say I'm in this situation I need protection orders or I need restraining orders. They will be there. So it's just getting that information out. So I think right now once we're ready to start the fundraising would just be to help the fundraising so that we can Branch out even more and more. I would love to staff it eventually and just have it be where women can call and go and just say what do I do next? Yeah. Yeah. Just think that's also wonderful and Allison. Thank you so much for sharing the story. I think I know that it was really hard and emotional but you know, the whole reason is just to help others and what you're already doing and I just think that you have an amazing story and you know, you're using your voice for the you know, the betterment of other people and I just really really appreciate it. Thank you. And I appreciate you and your love and support always you're always so you support Sophie's nonprofit and you're just always loving and supporting and just those little like messages and text messages and I mean Wait, stay safe people some days. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, oh my gosh my goodness, of course, of course. Well, I wish I could give you a hug right now, and but again, thank you so much for joining and we will talk to you soon. Okay. Sounds good, bye-bye. Thank you for listening to episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I spoke with Allison after we finished recording and learned so much more about her strange family. I learned that all but one of her six siblings disowned her including her parents and some of her closest friends relationships and friendships aren't about whom you've known the longest. It's about who came into your life and never left your side. I said in last week's episode that we Not meant to go at life alone. We need people to do life with and we need a community of supporters. And sometimes those supporters are strangers. Please stay tuned for part 2 of Alison's Journey. She shares healing tips on how she gets through day-to-day struggles and also shares helpful resources for anyone going through abuse, please follow Allison on Instagram at next underscore first underscore steps as well as Allison Eastman to find out more about her community projects interior design work. And all of the many things she does to support her family. Thanks again for listening and we'll see you next week.