If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit. First of all. most important thing What the fuck is up with this? Damn? Coronavirus? Okay. I don't know if I told y'all but I live in San Diego Southern California San Diego day go for short and I looked on the map little coronavirus. I was on Instagram had somebody posts something. I don't even know if it's fucking factual, but it was like some kind of shit like, where's the corona at? Right and it was like I think it was like 30 odd cases in California 22 and Washington Like an in the midwest seems like like one or two here one or two there. I don't know if there's any on the East Coast but it's mainly on the it's mainly on the west coast for some reason, which I don't understand. And you know the ship was acting the shipping on real slow. So it's been like You know, oh some of the corona oh to people from Corona. Oh this me. I think somebody recently died in San Diego for this shit like we gotta like one death if I'm not mistaken, and I'm thinking to myself How to fish against Earth now and everybody's saying oh no, it's not even that serious more people are dying from the flu than Corona with that being said that might be factual but I don't know about you. I didn't see no motherfucking people being told you can't enter the country because you got the flu ain't no I said, yeah, what you on a motherfucking you on a cruise ship cool. Keep your ass cruising we gonna drop these flu shots. Y'all gotta take him in the I can come back into America or not. They had to have my fucking cruise ship out there. And I think I want said LA or somewhere on the west coast. Y'all motherfuckers ain't coming back in until you take these down Corona test. Give it back to the Coast Guard. We will then check it and whoever because I don't think everybody's taking accessories like 800 or couple thousand people on that damn ship the cruise ship. So I'll take Give it to everybody because they just dropped a little bundle. So they give it to like I guess certain people in the cabin because the guy who died, I don't know if you're not intending on that. I think he might die. He died somewhere in California where the guy whoever the guy was that died or a person that died. God Rest his soul he was on this ship with these people. So they're like, oh if you was in the cabin next time maybe on the floor maybe if you had dining with him, I'm pretty sure they're gonna do it like that. Whoever had interactions with this guy. Y'all got to get check to see if I got the corona so as much as people want to want to tell me and want me to believe that. Oh, no, it's not that serious. Oh, it's just it's you know, the fluish the flu is way worse. They're overdoing it. Hmm. I don't think I don't think China's overdoing it. Okay. That that they got that biological. Can you say if they have that situation going on over there and tell you guys how much I've watched them damn zombie movies 28 days. That was a World War Z or whatever. It's stuff like this and start these damn Walking Dead situations. He's a little epidemics that people don't always known that serious. Yeah, now, you know sure is my ass. Y'all gonna have to Walking Dead and I'ma tell you right now I hope I hope to shit's like World War Z. I hope it's like that. I hope it's not like a walking dead because you know The Walking Dead they them zombies up eat anybody and I'm Gonna Be The Catch You Slippin you be at home, you know, you boarded up and your house zombies can't get in you eating a Pop-Tart. You didn't know your nice car. Bit by the motherfucking dog as a zombie dog or something because she was going to be weird little baby niece. She petting dogs that zombie dogs. She got bitch and I got an owie to she gonna put a bandaid on don't tell nobody or tell her mom, you know, and then you and then you end up getting bit by a little nice now you a zombie because her lack of Education That's another thing. I don't going on tangents, but I'm just on one today. That's another thing about these damn zombie shows and shit. I told my wife and I told my mom and family members that Hey listen here if there's any kind of zombie apocalypse shit going down and we're all together and you get bit by a zombie. You're not who you are no more to me. I'm going to shoot you and I'm not waiting for you to turn. I'm not going to chain you up and be like that is my brother still know as soon as you said I got bit and if it's in somewhere are some error that we can cut off then I'm cool. It was like all I got bit on my hand and you just got bit. Guess what? We're going to chop your arm off. It's just that simple right after right off the elbow drop that shit smooth off. Turn the kit, you know side of your burn your arm cauterize it you'll be good. You'll be Gucci you be the one-armed man, but you be straight we can work with you you get bit on like your neck or somewhere like and you're like, oh man, I got been two days ago. I didn't tell y'all I'm feeling sick. I got the flu. No, you don't got the flu. You got that. You got the damn disease you going to turn into a zombie? I wish you the best click I yeah, I'm shooting in the head and if you tell me no, please don't shoot me in the head. Let me figure this out. Guess what the best I can do is send your eyes outside with it was obvious there was a few people figured out what them because I can't fuck with you. You're not going you're not going to bite me. You're not go by nobody else in here. That might have to shoot because I'm going to shoot people and I tell you write the same. Don't try to find no cure for me, you know, shoot me too. This ain't that That movie The Mist where you know, you start shooting people in all of a sudden that are me come and save your dangle happened. Shoot me shoot the anybody who get but I don't care if my baby got bit by a zombie and I don't have no kids. But if I had kids and my little baby got bit by a zombie and people be like, you know, you don't have kids. You can't you can't say what you would do I can say exactly what I'm gonna do. I think we don't want me no damn zombie. You don't even know what a zombie is bow double tap. If my wife didn't get it, my wife didn't get bit. She just had to live with that. I had to double tap to baby. You didn't have to double tap the baby. I watch these zombie movies people. I don't know little that's what baby man. Your wife. Got bitch. She's a zombie. You think that may be coming right angle, but no damn zombie. You didn't will be no human baby. No and before that baby come out and do some weird shit like Chucky or any of these weird ass, you know villains for movies. I'm putting that baby down. Double tap so play with play if you want to people but that Corona is coming. You know and I work in a fucking hospital, so I'm doubly worried, you know, and I swear to you. I heard this many people cough and I don't know how long I just was babysitting my little nephew. He was coughing he over here with his hands up like raise the roof when we pick him up. I said nigger. No, I'm not pick you up you over here coughing cough of my face. Give me the corona. I'm gonna be pissed. You can keep that you don't say I need you and I need you to be wearing a damn Michael Jackson mask. Okay, cough all in that mask for yourself. You know what I thought it was weird. Asia walking around through them Michael Jackson mask and I was thinking to myself, you know, you're walking around with that mask. I had the bird flu or swine flu. I understood that but then y'all kept walking around to mass and I was like, I don't know what you guys doing. That's weird, but they they got a point. There's also a couple million people there so I can understand, you know, people probably call fit and not say, excuse me. Up in the air. That's probably where she came from. That's another thing people. Stop being dirty shoutout to my niggah Jim's stop being dared a okay. Wash your motherfucking hands. I don't know how many times I be in a restroom and you niggas not wash your hands you over here coughing and touching shit. I work at a desk. I share my desk with other people during a lifestyle wipes. So sometimes I got to put sanitizer on them napkin and wipe my keyboard and other shit, but I don't know what We don't you know you was you would assume he'll be washing their hands but we all have been in bathrooms. Are we seeing people just go you just came out the bathroom women, you know, you just came out the bathroom. You saw this lady just come up to stall. What was she doing in there text messaging people know she was sitting on their shitting or pin whatever the case may be and she didn't wash your nasty as hands guys. I know you have seen people to use the damn. The damn Journal put that pull it pull it uncertain hands if they pants back up go white right over there. Maybe they put water on the hands to make the illusion. Well, sometimes they don't even do that. They just walked ass right out and I look at them like you nasty best. Where's that? Nigga said, where is he at? I don't make sure and don't if I'm in a buffet or see some shit like that. I'm gonna go on right after the PHA now he's going to be damned molesting them. food Armory case in point dirty ass people case in point I work for this market research company and there was a lady there, you know, and it was me and my brother we both worked here and he told me that she said I don't wash my hands when I used to but after I use the bathroom and I looked at him and said what was her logic in that? He said Robert, I don't know but she said she don't wash your damn hands. I said that's disgusting and if this market research company. They would do catering for the clients and forth guests and sometimes you're all the clients are the guess. They didn't eat. They didn't eat the small triangle sandwiches or you know, whatever little shit that they had and we were nights so they were just, you know, bring the ship back at the end of the night. But hey, you guys want some sandwiches or whatever and I remember going in there and these that this is two different occasions until about two different case. The first occasion is went back there. They had a brought back to sandwiches. I was like well for show get sound some hungry. I got spend no money. I like free food. Let me give me a motherfucking sandwich. What happened? I see that bitch back to her after I was told this information flipping through the dam sandwiches like a deck of cards. Keep in mind people. These are Little Triangle. I don't know Little Triangle tea sandwiches or whatever. You want to call them the Little Triangle cut sandwiches. They're small Maybe. Like a to biter three biter and she is flipping through like a duck like a deck of cards and I said, oh those are all your sandwiches now. And I walked out and I looked at the people who are coming in behind me and I looked at my brother because he had saw me walked out and he was getting up and said oh Linds in there a satis ass right back down because he knew what that meant. Don't touch shit in there. Second situation. I just remember that there was a third second situation come in the morning. Sometimes they buy donuts, you know. I think we opened at 8 started calling people around 8:30 and so about Donuts I go in there. I grab me a donut Lynn's not there who comes in next Lynne? I grabbed a second donut. She said all you got to notice I said no. This one's for me. This one's for my brother because we know my head I'm thinking because we know after you come in here. There's no more access to the dough. It's you probably don't fucking finger the damn jelly donuts or something you overhear you like to touch it. I don't understand why there's napkins this little, you know tones all kind of shit, but you want to finger sandwiches and doughnuts. I don't get it. So then there was a day where I was working with her as a team. We were, you know calling people trying to set up this research. Went and we were sharing information. So she came to my desk. I had just made me some popcorn. Yes permeating through the room. Yeah, it smells good. But guess what people is my fucking popcorn if you want some of my popcorn I will gladly pour it out on a napkin for you, but Don't and I do remind you don't put your fucking hands off. I can pop off. Nobody has on my food. Don't touch you want some ass. I might give you some I might not it's disrespectful to touch anybody's damn food without asking. And then when you ask they will give you some. And when you know somebody got a bag of chips, you say. Oh, can I get some you don't put your hand in the damn bag of chips? I don't know where your hands been you put your hand out. I'll pour you some and then you go about your fucking business, but people want to touch people like to touch it and me and my peoples. We already know, you know, people are nasty if you ain't somebody I know like if you're not my wife. No, my mom Brother people. I know consistently have washed their hands. I know they wash their hands, you know family friends or whatever. Best believe I'm not eating after you as far as you dip your hand in the bag of chips, and I don't even want to get my head in a bag of chips after you know, I'm saying but let's just say for instance. I do did my hand in the bag of chips. It's got to be somebody. I trust my me and my mom, you know wife we share we share saliva, you know, and other bottle the field fluids. So she eats something I eat right after her, you know, she takes it by two hotdogs. I'll take about a hot dog. She take a bite. That's my screen. I like the ice cream, too. I know what your mouth then. Because it's been with me. Okay, that's another subject. But you know people who mouth whose mouths I don't know where the mouse being I know there has been. Oh no. Oh no turn. Oh no. Keep your fucking so came back to the store. I'm over here. Eating my popcorn minding my business she comes over to tell me about you know, what categories have now came off the board breaking down houses. The study has got more stringent. And what does she do people and this is Dad's like a little it's not even a it's not even a cubicle. It's a desk. It's almost like death since in school libraries that were blocked off. They were section. It's like you're just right here and it's like like a little cubicle thing that blocks blocks you off. You can put your head in there like studying doing that type of shit and then So that's how the desk are so the desk have like a little. Like a little ledge on it our Shelf. I should say I put my popcorn up there because I don't got that much room on a fucking desk. I got my phone calls. I got a mark shut off papers. I got to go through the little script to ask people to questions. This is market research. We're not bothering you. I'm trying to give you this bread. Do you want the money? Let's see if you qualify that type of shit, so I'm not bothering people, you know, I'll try to put bread in people's pockets, so She tells him she before she tells me. Oh what the new things are she dips her hand in my popcorn and I look up and I said, oh no this bitch you're not. Oh, no, this bitch did not put her hand in my popcorn. She must have lost her mother fucking mine. Now also let me explain to you. I'm overweight. I'm fat right I'm fat guy. So if I flip out over the fucking popcorn, it's lose-lose situation. I flip out over Roberts. Not that serious. It's popcorn. I flip out this nigga fat niggas flipping out over food. It's that damn has to not increase he is starving. So I play it cool. Okay, I'm not gonna flip out you put your fucking hands in my foot. No problem. There's a common area. Like I said before where they put like those donuts. Here's this here's that guess where the popcorn goes in that area. Now here's the thing. I look out for when I was working there. I looked out for me and my brother. I had a couple friends that work there, but I can't without for y'all because then I got cause y'all don't get the subtle. You know, that that's what his that's was cool about having a relative or friend we work with them and they get to send the subtle nuances and they get the looks that know where you ain't gotta what are you shaking your head for? What what do you mean? I'll see you loud talking. We don't allow talk me because now I gotta let you get punished. You gonna catch the corona now. She doesn't fucking went into the bathroom did all that stuff didn't wash your hands. Now, she fiddling through the popcorn like poker chips. You didn't get my hint. Now you gonna have it. This disease is now upon you. So saying so from that day on well, it was just before that. But definitely after that I was like, nope. Sorry. I can trust I can trust people I can eat after people if I'm not the first to get into something. I'm not eating it. Francis have a job now people be putting stuff out, you know bags of chips and last time I'll pop out pop the bag of chips up. But I mean, these people are coming these people I guess it's because we work in a hospital and they know how people pass diseases. So these people got Common Sense they'd be pouring shit into cups plates. What have you, you know, even when we get pizza, I'm over there like I'm gonna wash my hand first then I'm gonna touch the pizza and I'm gonna get my slice and I'm keep pushing. Yeah, but know that that other job that much research out people were disgusting. There was another job. Well, I will get back to your market research out because I'm like a research job had one of the funniest human beings I've ever met his name. I wouldn't I cannot release let's just call him. I'm just going to call him. Manny we won't call him Manny next podcast. I'm going to tell you about my boy Manny and other funny ass people that I've met through my job and working in many different fields. I've been in construction. I've been in market research telemarketing Food Service. I've worked at SeaWorld worked at other us other was that shit called customer service establishments. I've been around the block and I've had I've had many of stories. And some of my I think I fell fucking quite alerts, but I'll let you guys be the judge of that and all I want to say is people listener, you know, you guys listen to my ramble you listen to my Rants and Raves and don't you miss that something people. Groan is going to get you guys be prepared wash your fucking hands wash your ass. You still gonna get here with the corona. I'm sorry. Hopefully you survive the apocalypse and as Babies don't get you but on another subject. Don't you miss Craigslist like the old Craigslist? Where people were selling pussy and penis on there and you know people who man the Rants and Raves section of Craigslist, it's not as good as they used to be but it used to be funny as hell Rants and Raves section used to be funny as hell crazy. Use Craigslist used to be extra hilarious. I remember going through Craigslist and I will go through the The was called the escort services one. I will go through there and I would look for ex classmates or people that I knew. And this is before only Fanshawe. So this is before only fans. This is before Tumblr and patreon and many vids. Yeah. I know these sites because people be on there. I mean you can't you can go in a room and throw a rock and I'm pretty sure you hit somebody who got to only fans or patreon or private snap or any kind of other thing we gonna get to that we going to get to that I should say about all these things, but I'm just doing the damn shit out there. There's a lot of shit in this world. That's interesting and that is like a dam. You could do a damn research project on or deep dive into and we going to get deep. Okay, because I got some shit. I need I need to figure out I need to find out I want your opinions upon, you know, so he didn't hit my line go on my Instagram at node or a I don't think it's podcasts. Just take his no underscore DOI DOI go there. Follow subscribe or whatever. I don't think you subscribe Instagram. You just follow my shit man. I'm going to be posting, you know pictures and all kind of shit on there. I'm working on it. I'm working on the podcast. I'm gonna give me a microphone sooner or later. They're gonna give me my muse. My baby girls camera wife is camera film this shit. Try to YouTube it give you a visual. You know, I don't know if I'm going to Studio though. I might just do this shit Gangsta and just doing my car like I'm doing right now. Just do it in the car. And just fucking give it to you like that. Give me your give you guys the raw uncut. Hopefully the sound quality is a little bit better when I get to damn Mike, you know, but if I get the mic and I'm in my car sound quality pipe Prague might be just a fucking Saint so I don't know. I don't know. I'm Studios costs or you know, some kind of quiet location. I might do shit in the closet. Who knows but yeah, we're working progress people. We're going to get there. You know right now. I'm just trying to stay. Jame in doing this weekly to but I was doing I did want I can hear something. This is coming out. I think two or three weeks after the first little intro 1 so this is episode 1. Sorry to tell you this at the end. This is the first episode of the podcast. The other one was double zero. It was introduction. This is episode 1 I did have I recently did an episode one last week, but somehow that benching upload and I was pissed when I found out because I went in There and it was only stuck episodes only six seconds and I said that's bullshit because I did way more than six seconds. Please believe that so this episode is going to be at like I'm in this is a couple of minutes. So this episode is going to be about 25 30 minutes last episode was like 25 or 30 minutes so you can see my frustration when the shit didn't upload. I was quite pissed. On a hard-working fucking effort I put into it. So yeah, we're going to get to you. We going to make this shit happen. I don't got all this shit has yet. I'm going to post some shit on my Instagram and then try to try to pull in some listeners. Get the algorithm working in my favor, you know, so if you like what you hear come back, you're good more Rants and Raves. You'll get more bullshit from me. See how my mind works see where I'm going. I'll probably bring out some guests. I know I got a couple people who want to come on the show talk. They talk spit they bullshit. That's what we here for get it out of my head. Let y'all play with it, you know. The Yankee hit me back on Instagram. Tell me what you think. Maybe I'll make a Twitter. I don't fucking know because I was on Twitter at first and I like that shit. It was confusing. I ain't gonna lie. I had Twitter app. I was on Twitter like whenever Twitter first started I was on there that she was super boring and I was like, oh this shit is boring. I'll just I'm just looking at a timeline go doo-doo-doo-doo to it's just a fast as timeline. I'm trying to reach them falling like every rapper it out like following that was it. I was just following rappers and comedians I think at the time because I think that's all who's on there. And it was like they were saying Shabazz like it's too fucking fast to read I got to scroll back and I was like that is some say this shit is stupid. It was like a damn you you watching a fucking uh the shit at the stock exchange the little ticket reader. I'm like nine. I'm not doing this shit Facebook was wack and Myspace was the shit and then so we Instagram came out I order so I'll come fuck about this. That's my primary platform. I just talked with Instagram. I ain't going to Snapchat. I got Facebook, but that's Facebook is dumb. So. Honey, I ain't got one for pocket somebody like a personal one. I guess I'm gonna get into that shit to I'm gonna get into fucking social media because I got some shit about that too. I won't talk about we gonna get into some shit, but I'm in the right here y'all thank you for coming in. Thank you for listening. Appreciate you come back. Here's some more shit. You know, I'm on load on y'all but y'all here which are what I got to say. Y'all can digest it or not and will and we'll take it from there. And I'm out.