Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we get paid doing it? I mean, I'm tired of working and being on unemployment employment.I'm happy we're doing this you though man. This shit is about to pop. I feel it. I really feel it. But let that be right. All right, man. So the first topic of the night bro niggas will hate on you to get some pussy breath. Very true. We'll throw you under the bus just a fucking bitch. You been knocking down. Yeah, right. I had so damn you can use names but I mean it's a little chick would be revived and it's you're right. So I guess you know two alpha males can't go after the same kick. First of all if the nigga is hating on you to get supposedly has definitely not an alpha male. Did I we need to figure out another way we do our thing, whatever. See see how many downloads she hit me with a lot of money right to Honey Giggles hurt Ditka high. So, you know, I pay her back it right for this nigga had the audacity to tell this think it's him was using you. He never gonna pay you back but you're not though. That's neither here nor there. She didn't she cooled. Oh, I'm sorry. You got it. So she comes tell me, you know, I have something to tell you. I can't tell you who told me. I'm sitting there like what you mean? You can't tell them told me. I mean, I'm not gonna ride. Yup. I'm too old to be fighting a kiss for you know, I've been since not mind very true. So she's like this thing is basically, you know, trying to get all he tried to blast to about throwing me under the bus. I can't stand that shit. At this point so I mean like like like this she like how did she tell you she pretty much is just like, you know, I need to get something off my chest. I need you to be honest with me. I'm like, okay, I want you to be honest when she says I need you to be honest and I got fucking nervous. Yeah, I'm sitting there like what what is she about to say to me? I really don't know. It just it just doesn't work night. People will try to people try to throw shade to get to to obtain a goals and in our so at this point, I'm feeling like should I charge this thing up? Like I said it niggas too old to be fighting over a bitch. That's not being wasted. She's neither of our bitches. She just you know, she cool as fuck but How do I approach this thing as well? I like just stop fucking with them all together or just keep him out of this. I mean the bitches get money. So it depends on what type of bitch she is because if she type of bitch that like a motherfucking aggression and shit. He might just be like hey, what's up? You know, she might that was Daddy - yeah, that's the problem. Like she's cool as fuck. But now this thinking I put that bug and I'm like at this point, let it all go or should I I don't know what to do. I wouldn't I wouldn't do you know what I want to continue continue like like in that instance, you know, I'm saying like I would continue to do me. I'm just going to talk it up and say fuck it and move on. I like that shit the fuck with me all day. I'm dead. But this point we will have to the real segment over fire music have been dropping all fucking day today, right? I know Smitty you let alone me No, but I was looking for the fucking the Jadakiss and I'm fucking yeah, but that's that New York shit. I know but this one I want to say this he is gonna surprise motherfuckers because I love Jadakiss. That's like one of my favorite artists and I listened to the shading nigga was not feeling at home and exactly he's I mean, I was it and I think is Flowing thing about it like jeddak is like that man. He had his time that nigga's flow right his Flawless Bill to thousands. It doesn't feel like he's evolved as are you are crazy. The style of switched to Southpaw why nigga so mad at the South for well, I understand that but I think it's still fire. It's just I think he was just trying to get a paycheck. I think he's he doesn't have a future. ROM about to get in my bag with this music shit. I'm about to get in my bed. I don't like female rappers rap about they pussy and just you know, that's different. That's all time great, but you cannot compare make the stallion. That's like that's like that's like comparing Ice Cube. The most common to comment if you like actually them niggas beefed. We are getting a fucking come and kill that nigga, right we gotta get back to Megan, but she's local to me. She went to the same University. I went to her bars are fire and she is the Great Men what that did? She she major health administration of some she would run like, I don't know she want to be I have no idea. I know it's Health Administration now, that's about it, but I think the himself About five nine bitch and it's thick as fuck. I don't know if the body is what the point of going to be rebuilt. That is not like like you put on you put it on you put on some Janae real talk. Like when you trying to write know, you know, somebody that you crazy I fuck with like love songs and all that shit. I could do everything love songs like workout motherfucking just want to hang out but you're not always work out for me. No, I definitely do. That's my that's my go-to, but I can't fuck the slow music. I don't understand it so bad. No, I hate Christmas. true I think I need to be going off the gag because I don't know. You don't have to get live- point. Is too motherfucking just be with yourself nigga. Give me something off the playlist name because I'm not. Whitney Houston, there's no fucking way working out this crazy thing of when we used to go fucking work out a my headphones. I'm not saying over the queen. I really hate no not is fired. You got your family. I need you there. But where the fuck are you at? Exactly. That's some cookout music is something I can't this is not cook out of your unit easy family. There we go. That's that's what I was. No, that's definitely some workout music man, cuz you getting in tune with your body nigga Omega. This is completely off-topic but right. All right, so I asked Snapchat and the socials If you've been romantically involved with me was my most toxic trait that made you want to get rid of my ass. Nigga. They fucking drug me. Okay. What was the number one? The number one was I am achieving ass nigger who thinks dick can solve all his problems. But I mean they can't solve a lot of problems. Oh, right. Exactly. That's how I would do it the fuck I want to do. I don't know if I would. Stays around the tolerate the bullshit if she sees the bullshit and that's gonna hurt. I don't think you should be held at fault for that. That's real talk. I mean, that's fair. Yeah. It's one thing if you tell a woman, you know, you selling dreams. I hear you like, you know, I'm oh nigga you think I like I am fucking trigger you about put me in my bag. Are you are you are you a dream seller Tim? What Nick? I'm the greatest dream salesmen of all fucking time, and I can't even I cannot send them all the same dream and they fuck around clicked up on me. I think I've been putting group tabs with multiple women are like did he tell you this? Do you tell you that I'm like fuck? I don't see I can't I mean I can't I can't sell the picture drain because I just want to I just want to fuck you that's music. So this is what I do. If I get a big number within the first three or four text message the dick pic is coming y'all still send dick pics nigger that is how we will know. I always legal in Texas. It is illegal, but I'm just saying like I mean y'all still send dick pics. I mean a good heart a good dick pic goes a long way. But if it's unsolicited at this point, I don't even know if she wants to fuck you too. Dick pic. She was like, I was never going to fuck you till you send dip it. I was like, oh she's a dirty girl. That's all that is. how do you not waste somebody time I wasting their time is wasting my time, and I'll give a fuck but I mean We was cool at first and now you feel entitled exactly. I was no agreement and only gave you 2 minutes. I didn't put in the work if there's an agreement, they're not going to understand our there's no understanding and I can understand, you know, the expectations but if there's no agreement and we just cordially, you know, exchanging fisticuffs. It did did what adults do I don't see why you would get the the feeling of entitlement. And I don't I laughs that's nice. I like that like they feel like they pussy is worth more than your dick. Vulcan pleasure, that's the F actually instant age because the woman controls the sex because you know, we're not a rapist out here, but we can have a relationship. So as long as she's giving me pussy I'm not going to lie for her. I'm just not if you get pussy up before I had any real interest in you if you expected a relationship after that. It's not gonna happen. I think fuck with you. But with you, I think if you got a lot like a Lobby and they just happen is one thing but I feel like if your intention is to foot and then you end up fucking I feel like that's when that's when the nigger because I can speak on that from personal view like that's when they lose interest. What's my letters at once? I get it off because that Postman Clarity that Posner Clarity is crazy. May God be like why the fuck are you next to me? I feel like that's the way you get off of me life. And then the bitch won't talk to it's not rubbing your chest is no I'll see I love a good conversation. That's pretty hot. That's why why you sellin drink? And talk for hours ago. I like it before the sun will come up on my iPhone. You don't have to you don't have to leave. I want to start by talking about I'm gonna lay down and just call me to sympathy here to make I want to know. Yeah, let me know what he know. See if you over here. I know what you doing you gathering information where you got that information. You you doing a whole psychological shit on the big whatever it takes to get what I want I'm going to do that is very true. It is toxic as fuck. That is very true. And I think many ridicule for that so much for doing it doing whatever you're doing. Whatever is necessary to get what they want and women do the same thing. That's very good for the women of our women to go out on a date knowing that they don't have no intentions of doing anything or just to be interest with this man just to get a free milk Omega. Oh boy. Hold on co-worker named Stephanie Rice you class Mexican. They actually had this. Yes. Her food across the city and all you get is a hug like we weren't. Wow, we work 20 30 miles away from where this nigga Lil. That's why I go pulled up broader food got a hug and laugh and then she stopped exterminated. Definitely has a nigga no, no. No. Listen. I'm like yo like your shit going off. I'm thinking this the nigga she like nah, this is our boy who want to take me out on a date I'ma go and I because I promised him I'm just gonna go tonight. I just want something to eat. I just finished landmarks. We're all penis inside of a can go two ways. Have you ever been to naked to take a check out? And you think you taking a home but she go to the next thing I did that shit one time. Time and all those fucking hell are you know, she got plans after your date. I was damn near ready to get on Backpage for that $60. Like, you know, I'm saying, let me just go ahead and just pay my nut off but I've definitely had some chicks he be up to the morning after I saw them on Snapchat on a date like you up and I'm like wait aren't you with so and so she's like, yeah, we couldn't we just love to eat. If you deal with a female and you know, you know y'all y'all talking or whatever y'all do y'all staying or whatever? I don't know. It's just like that brings. I'm a man ain't gonna lie. I mean, I ain't gonna mess up his good thing that brings me to see you're saying that that brings me to another good take if you know, you have a quality woman and you know, she's not gonna wait around because it's 30 feet are not the ones this close to the 30 around. All right, if she bought that she's That's the point. I wasn't I wasn't referring to turn is like quality. Like I was referring to like, you know, like like fan seems like you could be messing with a girl and she had to do but like if you if you decide do you not gone you not gonna say nothing of being decided by being the side name is one of the best positions you can ever be. Yeah because you know, especially if you do when you have free time for me to do but what happens if the side Who catches feelings? Niger where the fuck have you ever been caught up in the sun? Are you are fucking if we come over here and put that pussy on is he breaking ball? Okay to give you money. For this is a sad that I can't say that I have there's nothing that comes to my mind. Like instantly. It makes me feel like maybe not feelings. But maybe like you hit the bitch up like I'm not gonna like there's been times where like I hit up, you know, I'm gonna side nigga. It ain't like I'm gonna and yeah, it's like, oh I'm with him or like, you know, we don't need so we got plans or you know, you kind of get the cold shoulder and it's kind of like damn but you know to swallow my pride. Yeah, but you go to the contacts and you move to the next nigga like this is my preference act like perfect moment for the Donell Jones. A song All right. Look you want to be as you know fell in love with her back shit happens and you can't have her attention when you want it like you'd be bored as fuck like yeah, we're trying to go get something to eat with somebody but first you want to kick it with you can't even do that. Right and you can't because she has a negative that makes me really not trust women. No, brother. Oh, no, that's ain't shit that rolls me into a hole. Which is horrible nigger. Because nigga is definitely been fucking it's definitely been some images that have been married that I'm going to go meet up. Yeah, I do not and I didn't even know the bitches. Maybe she tell me when I get there. You're gonna turn out this pussy now. Okay, that's what Mary takes man. Just listen to this first this first 16 right? It's cold. It's exactly what we're talking about. I do right? She keeps promising this nigger that she gonna leave her man and he just there waiting and then goes back to Center. I have never bought a dream for my one that I just can't see myself doing it. I see through that shit I get to do surgery they do but I do. Bitches love being in control of shit. That's just what it is bitches. Love being in control of everything you do, but I was just the point right? I might be a little bit like I'm turning - the abuse thinking it's basically what I say goes. I've always been that way. I really don't give them establish a little da sound. Oh, that's what you want to do. But I just the new stills from one of our previous relationships man. She was trying to run my a snake. She had planned my whole life out for me how they do that and what? Like like like emasculated like real talk. Yeah, that's true. I really fuck you got I'm about to fall into the fields on the pot all of the feels. This is ridiculous. All right, man, we back at it have to refill the drinks like the hookah back up and I'm saying I can't keep the Vibes rolling shit right here. Explorer smooth because go around because I felt that she like when she gets real she gets real. It was getting real experiences Trump mine. That's what we got coming up next. Well, it's something that I love talking about because it happens to me all the fucking time. Okay is getting caught up. Hmm that is really wild a very good story for that actually will see a role all through it. So so just recently my last ex might like this chick. She's wild man like she had my phone. like I kind of got a little thing going on with my neighbor and she And that's horrible territory. Why you like should where you sleep like neighbor? Basically? No, my neighbor, but she brings bread like she breaking bread. And I think it's getting better should watch him. Shoot. Let me know the game and how to get money jealous. And she can see my messages on working. I cannot what the fuck kind of hacker chip shit. I don't know man. Long story short. She she sees that I'm texting my neighbor while she's at my house. Okay, and literally like start shit with me asking me questions, you know, are you talking to what you got off on it only? Wish we could have done that. It's she knows you like Apple ID and she's like the pasta. I don't know how she did it. I don't know how she did it Tuesday, but women are the FBI though. They really find out any definitely. It's annoying as fuck. Are you be chilling? Thank you. You sneaky as fucking him boom, but go ahead click on. So like she asked me and my take some neighbor and I'm like what you talking about it and she's like and she starts reading the messages that I was going back and forth with the neighbor. Just whenever a chicken outfit question. Oh shit. She has she knows she knows she's wants easier a lot to her. But at the same time I never know if I told you it was just like yeah, whatever temperature you deny everything. And I've been looking out for my own self interest to like if I lie and I can keep like my shit going. I'm as fun to do. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's why would you continue to why wouldn't you continue a lot? No I'm saying I'm going to lie. I'm yeah, I know there should be no other you should never tell the bitch. That's one of my most toxic trace and got like I lie. I'll give you a little a Sheen ask for like they got time for no reason. We're going to thought but go ahead. So now so like she you know, I'm saying like she's asking me all these questions and then she goes outside in the neighborhood happens to be outside. It's like 9:00 in the morning. That thing's pretty standard. It's your neighbor if she should be outside, but I mean like it's not in the morning like she just sitting out there posted up so garage outside bitch lady. I don't know and like she goes outside and they start talking and like they spit in the beans but everything man. Oh, no. No what you took was the neighbor being honest. Negatives being 100% but the neighbors older, right? Yeah neighbor is old. Oh, yes, you know about lie about a bitch-ass thing is older and she was just like pretty much any question that was asked there was nothing but the truth giving up what she's scared. No, she's just give it a GI. Yeah. I like like real talk. She wasn't scared. What day is no, I'm gonna tell you what it is. What it is is the neighbor has feelings for you and she was trying to hope that okay run. Tailed. Yeah, there's still this bitch about what the fuck we got going on. So this bitch angle come around no more and I can add a second to myself but isn't the neighbor made was all they got divorced or did you move out? Yeah Dad I moved out there you might as well move in. I don't think he'll know not not permanently think about have a drawer there at least. Next door we go over there my role. So what happened with the chick who was all in your phone only personal be so pretty much like that day like that was the end of it and I've never spoken to her since we've seen each other but no worries were saying I'm a firm believer that if you go through my phone, we really don't have to talk about after that. Yeah. I was everything they won't have questions write poetry when You know you need to I just beat one more time. Not in try to beat me like it was at the window like that night was pretty much supposed to be the last night. Anyway, like we was already going to break up. Anyway, that's why I didn't understand but this is relationship. This is definitely that gives me a little bit more but has that has breakup sex worked for either one of y'all like I always do that movies were yeah. I've never I've never known to be like, all right, this is our last time that's fucking will be real like It was actually great. It was probably one of the best nights that we had in our relationship. Yeah, bring me back. What does good night though? Like it. Was there any point of the night you were like, damn we could probably make this work. No because we had already tried these multiple times. I mean like multiple times like different different like, you know, try to try to approach it different from different angles and things like that and like we could just not meet on the same page for nothing like that also, but I want firm believer that if it failed once it's going to feel again like it's because you're my heart the thing about it is is there like, you know, I'm saying I left a leopard don't change. Change his spots money. So, you know a person going to be who they going to be in other words. Okay, and they're not going to change that especially like, you know, I'm saying especially the older you get, you know, you might be able to meet somebody when you're young and change them. But when you get it when you get a little older, you know, especially when you get when you start talking to women as they late 20s early 30s, and they got ambition and they won't things Yeah, like there's something about them early 30s are so sexy right now like a woman's problem is those jobs have anything for me to do is just have fun and go out to the parties. That's what I want. That's why you not get no Cuban link chains exactly like an older woman. Treat me bitch. Well, that's motherfucking man. I'm not asking for the genie but at the treatment is offering it going to be that's how are you right? That's very true. I really don't be asking for shit. Like I'll mention something once next thing. I know nigga. I got a bunch of gifts that oh my god. Well shit cool. No, I like I like I like young bitch that's barely coming into herself. And then she's just like, oh well, here you go. If we just have fun. Well, let's flip that on his ass real quick. Alright, we've been caught up a million times. Have you ever been a negative go through your girlfriend? I'm gonna catch her some shit- I don't go through bitches fuck. I don't go through with your phone. But I had a nigger come to me and bring me his phone. He came to you as a man. He can't wait wait, wait, wait a nigga came to you and make it came to me and said look bro. He was like me and your girl been texting. We've been talking with a hung out. We don't smoke this nigga even told me that they fucked like Square being oh drinks to that is that Why is that forgivable like no, no, okay, but but I'ma tell you something I'm gonna tell you something my dumbass even after reading the text messages. I still was like, you know, what because what was so fucked up about the whole shit was I just found out the girl was pregnant at the time. After the baby's born and all that I found out boom. You know few months into it. I was in there for like four months. So I'm just hoping to get a DNA test is child. Mmm. I didn't HS the Cha-Cha with my damn. This is good deep sea, that's because I remember that goes back to women are better players than me. This books were my friend since you were like any woman. I've had a child with at this point. There's being there's been a DNA test involved. I don't care how the woman feels then the rent you can't because at that point you got to look after yourself. At the end of the day every woman is going to look out for themselves because that's exactly I remember this may be calling me and telling me. Hey, man, I don't think the baby mine. This is Nat. Yeah, and I'm like come on those before you finally my little brother found out when my ex nice was three like he didn't find out that my I don't know what to call her fucking I follow my knees wasn't his until she was three years old. Like that's some cold shit. Well, I DNA however, like I said earlier, I recommend anybody did you sign the birth certificate for your kids? Oh, what's the DNA test came to down the pipeline being, you know based on child support because you know, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you connect your fucking write your messages to your fucking computer, man, I saw his cheek left the crib and he was like him about to go through a shit. I'm right, but I don't do that. So he pull off the MacBook, right? You know, it's like they shared MacBook or some shit. She got sloppy with it. So you pull you pull up the MacBook man nigga. She left me him in the baby at the crib and went to get something like this the first message like I'm on the way we think nothing of it. Could be a female right and then there's a group chat going on with her and her friends and she's just telling the friends how this thing is knock your screws loose and we're sitting up here watching the messages come in. She's out cheating right now. We're watching the best of us right nigga. I've never seen such disgust and defeating the man's face. Not that is that is defeating when your bitches fucking cheating on you that's defeatist. Like you can't you can't suck dick and come home like you just You going to suck a dick and come home? You gotta come home and everything's gonna be outside. Let me not speak even when I'm not doing wrong. I think which is doing well. I just can't because they are right. Yeah, I just they are I don't trust anybody right now. They are like I'm destined to be alone because of that. Yeah, they're definitely doing wrong. I've fucked me niggas chicks to I've accidentally fucked too many niggas bitches, right? In the spot in the same spaces and they'd be like, oh, yeah, by the way, I got three kids or oh, yeah, by the way, I'm married or like whatever and at that point as a man you like. What should I do? Not he drove over here or whatever. This is. Yeah. For you, but it is more or less going to morals nigga Chuck. It's all about there's anything anybody else can get it sisters cousins friends. I don't know the witness the fuck about morals nigga, nigga. You are fucking crazy. Fuck the shit out of me bitch because I don't have to talk to you. I don't know man. That's just tough. I don't have to talk to you at all. That's the point. I mean, there's pros and cons to it because like the way I look at it is just like that woman is fucking with you because she's not happy in the situation that she's in and maybe I feel like that woman is on grow feelings for you. That's not necessarily true if she's not happy. Could you not to tell you that's the case it is some bitches out there, you know, there is when some women are gone and some of them feel like that. But it's easier for them to catch emotions. The guy knows some Savage as women. That's all I'm saying. Like this is it's just the fact that they like, you know, what I'm I'm bored of this thing. I've been with this nigga for x amount of years. I'm kind of bored. Like let me first of all, I think they fucking they come out the box and they'd be like, hey, let me see if I can still attract another man. It's all right. So we're definitely getting off-topic. The question was what the topic. No, there's no stopping. No I'm saying And they want to come out and they just want to see can I fucking can I get another man? And then once I figure out the hey Okay, I can and then white if your girl cheats can you forgive her because we men seek forgiveness all the time. We can't eat 10 fucking times and we expect to be taken back. I mean, I think it's kind of universal that men are going to say no to a bitch that sucking them to get dick asking you can't forgive him. No, you don't suck dick and come kiss me. But especially at this age at this age everybody sucking dick and neatness and pussy. I can't forgive me. Yeah, so you think you're gonna suck dick about it fucking hate that I can't use nails, but I had a chick actually fuck my cousin. Wait, wait, right? Okay. All right. All right. All right. All right there dude. Let's go into how that happened. Okay, so we're you know, we're rocking horse. Wow. Do a little thing in college. It was toxic as fuck. I'm teaching. I thought she was cheating. That's neither here or there. Once we fell out they say I know niggas she's publicly out of my cousin. And yeah, that was that was tough for me, but I feel like a sucker nigga. But yeah, that's it was an awful. Yeah. That's wow. This is there nigga bitch can't get a shred of fucking trust for me, nigga. Like I can't she fucked me all up. Yeah, man mentions that Sneaky's fuck man. A very sneaky but certain a certain type of woman that about you know, what can this need to do for me and they're going to go to anybody that can do for them? You do got some women that have that mission and their independent things like that. But I feel like especially with all the music is being put out by my female artist is brainwashing women to just try to using it before what they can get out of them and that be that And that in itself makes me not trust that that makes me not trust. No one. But you have some male perspective but this will be something is out there that's going to cap and be like no. I trust my lady and I love her how many successful marriages have you seen like I haven't been around. Yeah. I mean like I've been around one successful marriage. That's my homeboy. He's actually down here. And here yeah, I can't think of anyone else like it's baffling. I got one homeboy. He's down here. Yes, that's what everybody else found some fuck shit either. The bitch was a nigga what we got real from takes that I've ever gonna go ahead and cut this this first pause pretty successful me. I if you ask me I think it went pretty smooth, right? Yeah, just a couple of niggers talking that talk. Until next time and tomorrow we shall be right back at it about thoughts quality content every fucking day for the next week fucking why not? This is the norm. Yeah. He used to we going to be here and since I you know, I don't trust me so I don't trust anybody and I got a lot of holes. I'm running convincing to you like just just like those but they had you like to put that shit on your door but I still love you doing shit that nobody knows nose in the streets they became king you'll a deep breath and me appreciate you guys for listening we back tomorrow yeah