Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe and the last two times ago. I did get called on as well. And you said he was in beverage. That's truly Injustice. Isn't it? Cruelty Injustice. That is the third time. And so what that means is you have a question cued and the expectation within you is close enough to receiving the answer that you light up in a way that's easy to see and not just because you're on the front row, although that lined up for you too in other words. When you are ready to hear you're more likely to be called forward and last time I was here. I was really grasping and felt irritated. You didn't call on me and left feeling, you know, like I was wrestling with this question and this time I feel like okay, I'm Letting Go and good now get out. No. So Abraham what I want to understand if I need some fine-tuning I feel as if I am to attract the partner into my life that I feel as in vibrational escrow. I feel as if the path for me is to fall in love with myself. Now, let's say some other words, okay, because there is a flaw in the statement that you just made and we can help you to understand it perfectly you said to attract the partner that I know is in my vibrational escrow and we want to say if the partners in your vibrational escrow, you've already attracted the Okay, and that there's a big distinction in other words when you say I want to attract that sounds like it's somewhere other than where I am. When you say the larger part of me has already become this relationship. And now all I have to do is become one with that vibration. Can you feel how different than that? That is them saying there's a partner out there somewhere running around I can't find this person and I need to find this person somewhere. Which dating service. Should I join in other words? I know this person is out there somewhere that I can and when you understand that it's already done. You've already through life put it in your vibrational escrow. You've done all the work. It's there it's done. It's complete and when you know that then you let it in fast, but as long as it feels lost or not complete then your expectation is different and you don't let it in. So what am I doing? What's happening if you're so focused upon the absence in your face. So here Giving to you. If you focus upon the presence of your partner already achieved in vibrational escrow rather than the absence of your partner focus on the presence of the dollars that you are asked that you have asked for rather than the absence of the dollars except that it's done and then do what you can do to line up with What's Done feel how much easier that is it's done. I've done the work. I've lived the life. I've met the other people I've given birth. I've identified I've honed I have lived. And enough experiences to know what I don't want so I know what I do want. I've come more into alignment with who I am. I know who I am as a source energy being I'm together. I have now given birth. I am ready to let myself be the receiver of this thing that I have already created. My work is to let in what is already done. It's already done. So now move your words with that attitude it's done. So if something's done, then don't you have a different attitude that when it's not done when it's not done. Where should I go? Who should I talk to? Who should I see? What should I do? How should I feel what should I say when it's done it's done when it's feel that it's done. It's done. What does that mean? It's done. So when it's done, you'll have to try harder it's done when it's done. You just watch expectantly for the way that it will unfold in your life experience. It's done. So people say to you. How you doing. The relationship thing you say it's done and they say I don't see anyone with you. And you say you don't you don't that's funny. I do I do you see when you're two people coming together and you have different professions. You're usually not walking Jerry Nestor joined at the hip, but but most of you do not Jake would like to get away occasionally. He tried to escape in a book. Store, but Esther found him and they didn't come back. Most of you are in different places at different times and and so the majority of your relationship is about what it is. Not what it's being right here in this minute. Can you feel that it is done. It's done. How you doing on that relationship? Great. What's it like, it's delicious. What does it feel like well-being? Humor fulfillment satisfaction, once you start resonating within what a really good relationship feels like it'll show up in full manifestation and until you do that. It won't I think you're picky. You're really really picky and that's really really really a good thing and you can't let yourself let in something that doesn't match what's over here? So you just have to find such resonance by thinking about it by pretending it by Imagine It by basking in the deliciousness. It by feeling the doneness of it my patting yourself on the back by talking about the good job. You've done let yourself be the recipient of your good work. You see that's all last time. I was here. You said you saw him and vibrational escrow. I just want to make sure he's still there. You said you'd give him my number. He's got your number, but you keep changing your phone line and other Edwards you've got a you've got to stay steady in the vibration of what you're wanting. Even the fact that you're asking for for our validation as a very good word, even though the as you reach for validation outside of yourself. It means you don't trust right and when you don't trust you are not a match and when you're not a match you're taking longer than you need to and the reason we told you that it is already done that is already in your vibrational escrow. Because we want you to understand that there's nothing more for you to do other than to chill out and stop wringing your hands and stop asking. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? That's the dominant vibration is within you the vibration. That's within you is I know you're there, but I cannot find you. Yeah, I know you're there, but I must be doing something wrong and you got to get over that. or not No, I will I think I'm on the path for that. I think I buy into other family members or friends saying well you've been single for so long and how do you know and you need to do this and that and so I think it's really me connecting who I am and being in the flow. Well as you as you try to behave in ways that others approve of you get out of whack with your own guidance. And as you behave in ways that feel good you come into alignment not only with your own guidance, but with the creation Since that you've already set forth into your vibrational escrow numbers. We're not kidding you this is dumb. You've collected all the data you have set forth the intentions the vibrational escrow is there and sweet sweet sweet it is you just have to find vibrational alignment with it. So give us some words that let us know you've done that. I'm falling in love with myself off the subject a bit. Okay, trying too hard. Also hit it right on. subject relationship subject Man, I've been attracting subject man in vibrational escrow waiting for me subject my life experience with this person that after we hook up it will expand still further subject. It's done. It's in vibrational escrow now start right there and talk about it. And that's knowing. I know it's possible that in fact that steps back because you're still talking about what isn't done. You see this is the fine tuning that you are reaching for because at when you say it's possible what you're actually saying is I know it could be but it isn't That's the underlying vibration that's going on. We want you to take the stance that it is done. It's done. She's always saying it's alright to say it's done and it hasn't materialized but it is not. All right to say it's done and I can't find it. You just have to find the words that say that and we are not you see we are not. Giving credit to words. We're reading the vibration that is underlying your words. So talk to us about this relationship that you have created. That is dumb. It's amazing. Yes. It's incredible. He's everything that I've ever wanted and more and people will look at it and go. Wow. All right now take your attention off what he is and put your attention upon how you feel now you are inside this relationship. What's it feel like to be there because There's still when you when you try to see him and and don't you vibrate on the lack full end of the stick. So so get into what you know, what's this relationship feel like what what's in it for you? Why do you want to manifest fully this vibrational thing that you have already created? Why do you want it to blossom into something that you can see smell taste touch feel because it's incredible. It makes me feel scene. It makes me feel supported. It's a life partner somebody to travel this journey with that really understands me and gets me and it's exciting and it's fun. Now. What do you do? You think now we just have to ask you a question because we've been watching you for a while forever and we and we can see what's in your vibrational escrow and we are aware of what life is caused you to create and the partner that you put there isn't someone Who wants to boy you up and support you the partner your foot there is self-sufficient and wants you to be too. Good good, you get that don't ya So when you say I see someone who will support me, they're not if I bet you're not even a vibrational match to what you've been asking for. You're not you're not getting into this relationship for support that you need you're getting to this relationship for the blossoming of two powerful creators coming together in enhancing the experience of one another that's a far different feeling isn't that those powerful it does doesn't it feel that one? Click right into place. Definitely what else? Now, I'm afraid it's fun. It's fun. A lot of fun a lot of laughter. Excellent. Yeah, what else great sex lot of that inspiration creativity light. Now hear how you're using general words, and that's just fine because in the general words you're choosing there is no vibrational Distortion. So now if you want to really have fun with let's have fun be more be more specific in other words rather than the general world where it's like fun, you can say something and without any Distortion that just holds you there a little longer things like conversation is so good with someone when you're really on the same wavelength and even though we've lived different lives. It's like We've come to so many of the same conclusions and I can feel How the Universe just orchestrated are coming together and we are just perfect for each other. It is so delicious to be standing here in this relationship knowing the power of that which we are and that how the universal forces came together to bring us together. I just love this. I just love this conversation or not. I just love being in the room with this with you. I just love being in the room with you. I love knowing that we'll be together. Together later in the day. I love knowing that it doesn't matter when we're not I love the feeling of wholeness and it's not it feels to me or you're really going to like this or at least way to it feels it feels to me that my meeting you physical lover man of my dreams with even more about me coming together with me. It's like A part of me created you and now I've come into alignment with with me. I got you but it's the alignment with me that is making this also good. I don't need you to say things that make me feel good. I don't need you to appreciate me and behold me to boy me up. I've got that I figured that out. I came into alignment on a lot of things and so I'm not looking to you lover of my life to fulfill my void. I don't have a void. That's why I got you. Haven't got Wait, why do I feel so separate? Sometimes as you say that? I feel so much excitement and so much grief and sadness. Well the excitement's when you think about the being this of it. The grief is when you think about the absence of it, it's just that simple and when you really really want something and you've done such a really really good job of creating this as you have when you've created something so magnificently and then you hold a thought like, where are you? I can't find you. Of course that's going to feel terrible because it violates this perimeter. Powerful creation that you have set forth. You see, it's you splitting yourself apart from you and you don't do that very often you do that less and less all the time that feeling of sadness is becoming dimmer and dimmer and the feeling of anticipation is becoming stronger and stronger. Just chill out. Don't try so hard and don't try to explain it to the others. They don't get it. Anyway, they don't get it. Anyway, do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.google.com rate to access your Free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org G Ood dot o-- r-- g-- forward slash create.