Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun start here. All right.Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just have a good weekend get into anything. You didn't get into anything with a low-key weekend. Oh good. I'm still kind of drafting off of dry January. I've been been limiting my worse for the wear good. Fantastic. I love how about you? How isBirthday, how's the birthday party the baby shower? There's a lot it was a lot with 27 kids at the birthday party. Then he had to turn around get home and immediately start, you know, we didn't let our kids open any of the presents Hall of like 27 presents. Like we're not making that mess clean and all day Saturday took my kids got them out of the house. I immediately just started pounding line as soon as everyone got out of my house worse for the wear this for this recording. It is worse for the wear State Sunday was on a scary. I fell asleep in the middle around it's got a nice 35 minute nap in the middle of the Honda Classic final round. It's it's it's an old-school kind of Sunday. Scary is worse for the wear right now. I love when I fall asleep during a golf tournament and great he wake up in your kind of like, oh what like that everything's changed. But yeah, like whatever. Yeah, just kind of pick up Sunjai I watch him. All right, let's do it. So I do not fall asleep during it. I was I did have two screens gone. I was watching my line. I line I big home win over Indiana. Okay. Yeah, 21 20 wins on the season you're getting big and college basketball this year. It's just because the Illini are back, huh? Well, you know my freshman year. We had one of the greatest seasons of all time and and ever since then it's just been a terrible Decline and this year they're back. They're finally back good. I'm happy for you. We're on 2 March. This is March. I don't know if you know this like I struggled to say February every time at the start of every podcast, it's February February February February. I every time I like kind of stuttered and stopped over, you know false started, but March is my mom's here one one one syllable. Right, March one syllable March no mispronunciations, and we got daylight savings time come in. We got an elevated status this week gold standard the next week. It's a spring is around the corner, you know for months months shouldn't be more than one syllable. March June July. Those are the only months that should exist. I don't know. All right. I don't know if I can get on board with that take met. That's a little little son is April 2 syllables. No. Yes, it's it's a quick to it's a Quick deal. I think we should rename all the other months. Okay, but cause a little confusion of this point in history, but they could you could say Jan Jan Feb, you know, like just the first syllable the gulf. Okay. We'll start with the Honda Classic are our good friends. Sunjai him wins what they Sunday 66 firing at some pins in a A tougher conditions not not the toughest of the week, but certainly not not a walk in the park. So on JM shoot 66 on Sunday as second round of 66 this week beats Mackenzie Hughes by a shot at 6-under, you know, a lot of people's PGA Tour tweet something like it's the first time and like I don't know 20 years or something there wasn't a 65 but all week. So it was a tougher week winning winning scores at 6-under. I know pars irrelevant, but so So tougher weekend that Golf Course is so hard. Yeah, it's fun to watch others play it, you know, I think I think it makes for an entertaining TV product in a way. See these things get ruined by the market in around it. Like they just got to give it a rest with the bear trap does a disservice to the rest of the whole watch same way. The players like would be it is like an interesting just to watch the guys play those golf club that Golf Course right and like the marketing around it like makes you resent it or minimizes the enjoyment Factor minimizes what the actual Core product is and it just takes away from like some of the other holes. They're insanely hard like 11 like 11 is like one of the hard is probably like one of the five hardest part fours on the PGA tour and know and they never talked about it. It's like they just don't even they just glazed are there like a bear trap here and then all day long you're watching guys play the bear trap is like, I don't want to watch some guy Stewart cink at for overplay the bare ground. I don't care. I have no interest in watching Stewart cink. Good night. I don't know if I'd like smoking dope or something, but The pair trap that term makes no sense. It's the bare Bears get trapped humans trap bears bears. Don't trap like golfers or humans. I don't understand what happened in here, but Bears just saw through up to you and Mal you to death and whack in the face with their claws their paws. I don't I don't Bears don't they're Bears there and I think you I think you're missing the Symbolic nature, it's Jack. Nicklaus is the Golden Bear the paste and that Jacques. He devised a trap to trap golfers the bear trap. Well, why is there a statue of a fucking bear the standard Island? I love the screenshot of the giant bear statue that One of her followers sent us why the Bears out there on say hind legs, that's not trapping people. The Bears get trapped and the snares I just it doesn't make sense to me. The whole name seems a little backwards anyways, but that's we got a lot of that all week. That's what this tournaments been reduced to their kid. What can we go back a little bit and you said something about seungjae am not aiming at flag. So like a lot of people say these guys, don't aim at Max I feel like you kind of made a concerted effort to aim at Flags. Did you feel like that? Yes what I like the way he was going. He those par threes. He went right at the flag. What do you think of that? I mean someday was feeling it. Yeah, it was it was fantastic though and made for a when the ball is in the air. Like that's the most exciting. That's the only that's the gulf is a slow game. But those are the moments of tension and the moments of anticipation that make it really exciting to watch like that gets back to your age-old argument of like, you know, 350 yard Drive is like there's not like a ton of peril involved there. Maybe there's a hazard or something but like that's not either dropping on the flag or drop it in water like but when the ball is in the air like and he was going at flags that is when those are the most exciting seconds. Of a golf like a like a bomb. That's an ala past the Hail Mary that's in here. That's what makes golf enjoyable. The one the issue. The PGA National has with me is that it doesn't have variety. So there's like no there's no like fun short par-4 or you know, it everything's just hard out there. Yeah. I mean, it's just really really hard test of golf, but you yeah, you like look up and you're like if there's no Graphic you kind of have no idea what holder on it could be any of them? Yeah, that's one of those where it's sort of like you're watching Rivera, you know every hole pretty quickly what holder on whereas like watch it because you could be eight could be 10 could be you'd never know. I've been there numerous times and I still don't remember exactly how all the and I liked. Don't forget golf holes. I like don't remember how all the back nine were like every hole and I and I like very rare. Lee very rarely forget a golf hole and that I have been there a few times it's literally all you do is like you have an eye for every single hole remember them all but they all blend together. So Sunjai, what do you make I'll be the first of many 21 years old. He's back there somebody we hope lets you know done a lot of flashbacks where we have but yes, he is budding Superstar. I presume there. Yeah. Well, I wouldn't I'm there yet. I mean, I think it's a little quick to put a guy 18 months into his PGA Tour career rookie year. I mean there have been many rookies of the year that we never really heard from that much anymore. Well, the other thing is that he should this should be his second and a half year on to her. He should be an is his third year at or but the PGA Tour system just kept this guy down on the web.com tour for an entire year when he was. Really the best player down there. I remember I forgot who it was. I was talking to somebody that was talking about how like he was by like they were like, this is the best web.com player we've ever seen Really? Yeah. Sorry. I'm just scrolling is winning score of 600 is the highest in a non major on the PGA tour since snedeker at the farmers, which was that crazy weather day Monday finish then since 1996. This is all PGA Tour Communications in between the up in sheets. They're tweeting some facts. This was the first non-major on the PGA tour without any player posting score of 500 better and around wow suffer the 1996. The first one since the live under par campaign, that's true. I wonder like there's Amanda. I wanted to take PGA National off the road of the not they're not living enough under part on there. They're gonna order an immediate Steve Lenz law free design. We need I was reading somewhere today that and I'm sorry. I'm not giving credit here shit Sunjai turned Pro early to maximize his chances. The Olympics so you wouldn't have to do the military service smart man. He looks like he's still be in the clear you can get out so I know but I think he's got to win a medal once thanked, I think that's right. That's it. That's that's sucks. I mean, we all start out the women but the men side is pretty loaded. You know that the mint South Korean men's roster who got a lot of options these days. So yeah, he's up to 25 in the world. Now in the Masters, he was y'all ready. Yeah. It made TOUR Championship. Yeah. I think that top 25 player in the world pretty pretty awesome. Very cool. Very cool. He's just just ahead of Westie at 28. How about Westie? Who's more likely to play the Ryder Cup this year Lee Westwood Phil Mickelson play Oh Westwood without a doubt. I mean, it's like that's not even a if he wants. I'm not sure he wants I think he might think he's got the key want he just got it. I saw it Nosferatu tweeted out updated standing see just notched into the last spot of Ryder Cup. He's an automatic qualifier as of today amazing. It's pretty unbelievable. It's not always in every waiter. Is he all four is twelve of these 28th in the world right now? Sure. Like how far is he Fallen? He's in Bay Hill next. He's playing this week at Bay Hill. Well have been a hit. We'll talk about that's another great Golf Course for velocity. Why do you say that its execution? It's you have more you hit more mid and long irons than anywhere else like this this stretch of golf. I hope he's playing I don't think he's playing and it's Brooke, but that'd be a They're great course for Florida gulf is West e-golf. Swamp Gogh is that that's all is that an indictment on Westie or an indictment? I mean, Florida golf, you're generally not considered the it's just art. It's actually pure it's very execution based. Sure. Now, I think that it can mask some some chipping floss IV. Let's be honest. He's played well in a lot of major championships Augusta. Well, let's that be a poly singer. Seriously, you want me to play is again forget while we're on the subject to that do enough on Sunjai. I feel like we had it all. We just bounced off and real quick. Maybe we talked a ton about some Jake Sunday him on this podcast and there we've been gone. I mean it would from Jeju Island. Remember Rob bulton did not have this man atop his rookie rankings for he kept scams Smith atop it. Despite Jim Jim not spit. Oh, yeah, you're Cameron's mixed up Kevin's mixed up to the camera Zone. But but alright look up camp champ ahead of seungjae for way too long. Let me find a Zinger. There's several people here. Let me read a bit rattle off some game last year. Okay, he had a he had a win or last year that was on Korn Ferry, but he had let's see. Where does that was? He went. Oh, he won. The he won the Korean he went on the Korean tour. I love the Genesis Championship. He had a runner up two-thirds five other top tons 7 Miss cuts and 34 starts. That's not her thing. He plays every week he hadn't well he had a new caddy on the bag although the album try. Yeah. I felt like he's he's looping at Old Palm. It sounds like like that guy was just a player. Well, yeah, he's on the go. He's bounced around the web. He's been to the web staple for a couple years Canadian player. Right wasn't he Canadian Legend? You know, I guess seungjae's really hard on his caddies. Oh really? Well, I mean he plays every week and he plays a practice full. Whole practice round every day. Are you serious? Oh, yeah. Oh my God. So I love that lives the hotel thing still just Bonkers to me. Someone someone sent us a DM like he's is he wearing the same outfit as yesterday really looks like you didn't even over home. He just slept with the course rolled out and started practicing again, but it was slightly different very similar-looking shared similar design, but very slightly different. I had to get some forensic work on like I think about caddying for a guy that never took a week off and like if you had a family because yeah wife and it's like sorry I can't come home because I'm Jay won't take a week off and he plays every single day. He makes everything he makes tons of cops. He plays making money though makes yeah makes you a lot of money. Yeah. He's in the money you're getting paid, but we're going to get worn out. Yeah. Yeah, it was interesting to see Alvin Choi, but good for Sunjai happy for him played. Well at the Presidents Cup, so all right, so we get back to Lee Westwood. He's tweeting this Sunday night about all this Europeans Europeans. Don't matter. I mean Paul azinger a singer's been picking at Euros forever, right whether it was you know, nose-to-nose confrontations of seve Aquila. It's just kind of always been an antagonist with foul though. They didn't get along for a while, you know, whether It's so wait right was it? Oh aight Ryder Cup of Valhalla was up here was but he almost seemed like he took a little joy in this today. Let me let me pull it up here Garrett Morris and has the clip here their European tour. Two wins on the PGA tour resolve 144 times all over the world. It's not the PGA Tour and they know that I think Tommy knows that it puts a little pressure on top. I mean this is where they want to be and they want to come here. They want to prove that they can win at this level on that like it is so like just you know brushing them away. Like it doesn't matter on that. You're happy. How about our? We just poopoo to guy for my for with 44 winced. Oh, you know he says he has 44 wins like oh, yeah, the 44 winds and number one player in the world, but it is like forty four wins number one player in the world at a time when the Europeans who are was arguably had arguably the better top-end Talent the top heavier at the top. Yeah, like it was that's the other thing a guy that actually said no, I'm good. I don't want to play on the future it to her. I'm fine over here. It was almost like he was Talking about like the Minor League Golf Tour the just the dripping sort of condescension that tour that Euro tour like like it's you know, this third-rate quadruple a triple-double a type tour, but have you do you didn't player is of course it is we know that but like that doesn't mean your winds are have become a you know against bunch of Chumps or that Westwood has improved himself 10 times over that. That clip didn't look that meant and that clip did not include the end where the end of that clip. He said that like segment. He said, you know with the thing about the Honda you got some obscure winners here, but everybody around the locker room. They respect guys that win the Honda they think hey Mark Wilson you won the Honda. He's a Honda Champion Mark Wilson you had from Fleetwood and Westwood to Mark Wilson like Mark Wilson. A great PGA Tour career, like he won five. I think he won five times six times really good career, but like you just went from like a guy guys with like like Westwood one of the greatest players of this generation. Yeah, and then and then Fleetwood, you know, one of the one of the best young players sub 30 players in the world. It's degree video soap and a bunch of top, you know, major High major. Dishes also Ryder Cup God. It's very important to note that three three of fleetwood's wins in the European Tour on the European tour had strength of fields that were better than this. This year's Honda Classic field. Right? Right, which is essentially a statistic to point out. Like we're the best field is which I think it's context that's necessary, but I didn't know I don't know. He looked happy. He looked like a little pig in shit to be just fire in these Hot Table around in it. Yeah, he seems like kind of reveling in it. So you wonder how a kiddo whether it's a little disingenuous. Just kind of poke the bear a little bit more but people were fired up on Twitter. That's for sure Euros Americans like We are talking about the instant PGA Tour. I just because we're on the PGA tour the events on the PGA tour but like we don't have to pretend like the rest like real. This is the whole issue with the with the tour like not wanting you to mention the Masters or the rider cover. Like there's a golf world. If you watch like a Big Ten basketball game, they're not going to like they're talking about the top 25 or the upcoming instead of the tournament. They're not going to pretend like that. CeCe in the Big 12 and the SEC don't matter right like this. You can't live in the just the total marketing bubble of whatever rights that you're broadcasting. Hi Betty play a bass good friends with Jay Monahan. You could be can we talk about Fleet which is flaring that one out in the middle of the lake. That was a horrendous golf shot after he hit spectacular to spectacular shots on 17 and a great Drive. Those are horrible horrible shot because that's the only thing he could do as we learned one group earlier with MacKenzie Hughes. Seriously just rifling it into the stands and getting a drop into the perfect spot. I'm here. I'm not talking like into the stands. That was like Upper Deck, you know row 50 way up the stands, you know, yeah, it was it was a bullet. It was a bullet there. I mean, I would not be surprised if somebody suffers. Severe injury from that golf ball hard tug left. I mean that those are there that thing is in the parking lot or something. I don't know what's back there right behind that grandstand is the putting green in the Pro Shop. So it might have rolled into the Pro Shop. Yeah. So so their Fleetwood Golf swag with knowing that you could hit it as far left as you want get up and down for birdie was really bad. And what is his caddy say don't cut it right before they did it. He's like don't cut or or do they say cut a try to cut it. I think he's trying to cut it. I mean he was clearly trying to hit a cut shot but it was that this strategy. I mean the thing about it is like wear that pin was today anything left. You have tons of green sure like the only place you don't want to miss this like kind of like short right and have that awkward pitch over the bunker and But if you miss that anywhere left granted you might have a long bunker shot. You have all the Green in the world to work with you know, and that's it's just that you can't you can't miss that right guys a great iron player could eat it too wet too short irons. What now? I would I think the percentages were totally go for it. Yeah, because like, I mean in the the off-chance like, I mean that ball has to start at the left of the green the left edge of the green and if It cuts great if it doesn't cut fine, but you cannot hit it over there. It was out there middle of the awful like no doubt you were talking about how the drama all the drama of the ball in the air. There was no drama with that golf swing. Well, that's for the Tracer came in. They'll help you not just alive on that one. That was actually I think that line was bad because we're Lando ridiculous. We have four holy ended in the water was way closer than it ever appeared on the shot Tracer. I think they give I think they give us bad lines all the time. There was evidence on Twitter the other night. It was one thing it wasn't it wasn't a monster and it was a still image with the ball and he care. The line was may be off by a couple yards or a yard you could tell it was a still in it. There's a lot of big difference. In those two shots, I'm telling you. I'm telling you that ball should based off where the line was showing us that ball should have been I thought it was going to be like 60 yards right at the Green. I thought the lion greatly Amplified the viewing experience both for hughes's hard left and Tommy's hard right into the lake. So it was a good good to have Tracer there. He is hard left us great line. It was pretty fun. That was really good camera work too because they got it going right into that that that sweet that hospitality suite. I'm telling you Dan. That's pressure pressure. Those are nerves PR ESS you re pressure got a Zinger loves to talk about pressure God non-stop, but he's like just wanting these guys to implode self-immolate. But all right any other thoughts, you know, what's funny? He's like a walking hyperbole Hicks was saying they were singing allez allez. Allez, they're singing the dumbass Seven Nation Army. Song it was not for Olay for Fleetwood. It was all these Florida drunks singing that Seven Nation Army song. They sing at every sporting event in the world. All these drunks out the guy yelling and fleetwood's backswing. Apparently that was not here. I think I saw Ryan Wacker talk to him and the caddy and said they neither of them heard it. So it's just another thing for the European press to get worked up about. I love how they say say. Oh wouldn't happen. Doesn't happen in Europe when tiger had his backswing someone shouted back switch on the 18th 72nd hole of the major championship at Carnoustie. So it happens everywhere. They're idiots everywhere. But especially in the swamp action is the yeah. It's that's what happens when I mean that 17th hole is just a shit show as we've talked about all the time. Yeah, and the guy probably just walk stumbled out of the suite and 17 was walking down the Fairway. Okay. Yeah, I'll get the whole I want this guy to win. I've got while we're on the subject of marketing or talk about the players. This is a DM from a Scottish listener. Crispy Cannon. I'm just going to read it verbatim Mascota shotgun start fan thought this might get you to yobs started on another classic Sky Sports golf and I forgot about Yap Sky Sports golf in the UK are pandering to Ponte Vedra and changing the channel name to Sky Sports the players. During the tournament so changing the whole channel. The only other time they do that is during the open fifth major bullshit has crossed the pond cheers players man. I'll tell you what it's who are putting their thumb on the scale. Everybody that's associated with them. You will acknowledge our major. The players could be running in a collision course. With Corona serious note here. This is a non joking manner. Well news tonight that it is in Florida, but looks like on the west coast around St. Petersburg. The there are like Mass Sports professional sports cancellations in Europe right now. I saw something over the weekend my bed while I was, you know, getting into the line on Saturday, but like NCAA players college players are Writing letters to say no fans at NCAA tournament games potentially II think that is a realistic thing that we're kind of crossing here. There's where the I was thinking about it a lot this last week is that the sport Sports world is going to be greatly impacted in the next, you know, two months because of because of it, you know, so you think this could be a thin players will I It completely the players. It could be Augusta to that's even crazier. Yeah, not the Stoke fears or anything. But this is this is a thing that is in fact happening around the Sports World not necessarily in States yet, but it's happening this developing situation. That's our manager. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. Should we do do an ad read? Yeah, I ever ties are coming on board. Now that it's March we got we got a couple Partners signed up here for barch our first one. It's a new adventure for us. It's not it's not a beverage of any kind. So it's surprisingly not a beverage getting outside of are getting a getting into new areas. So our new partners SST pure it's a golf shaft kind of alignment technology and they are landing gotten fit you might have run into these guys. They basically they make sure that all your shafts work. Well they Like Bryson, these guys actually know how shafts work. We're just figuring out how Chef so these guys they are well spent figuring it out. You got to know how chefs work and to be clear. There's a lot of controversy about the in the fitting industry these days these we are not owned by the same parent company as far as we know the shotgun start. They paid us money. We are talking about the product. We've used their product you got the pureed. Jean Your Shadow. Yeah, I've been getting my shaft speared for for a long time. So he ate everything go ahead basically golf shafts aren't / like they are all manufactured perfectly like in they aren't perfectly round. They are I don't know the Straight Dope and it twists all kinds of stuff and what this does, you know, it makes makes you hit your shots all over the place a little bit more if they aren't they aren't right so versions scientific term, I'm told The peering is a process that they just go and make sure everything's make sure everything's uniform with the shafts. So they fix them up. Yeah, I didn't know that I didn't know this until we started going down this road, but I'm not a Gearhead but you know golf season warming up, you know, a lot of you guys are listeners some of you a lot of your jobs. You wouldn't know whether your shafts are bent or not. And you know, SST pure takes care of it. I didn't know this they're not round. They're not straight. They been they twist offline during your swing. In your I didn't know your clubs could get worse for the wear. So SST pure as the leader in kind of golf shot golf shaft alignment technology. It's like a technology can actually benefit regular golfers. So they've been puring ton of PGA Tour players their players have won nearly two billion. I think Tiger Woods has been pureed. I hope I hope don't don't quote me on that. But I think he was pure these a notable notable golfer. I'm told. Um, so this is like a thing to do I think spring cleaning go get paired getting in shape get in shape and get pure you know how to do it. Yeah. Go to SST pure.com / get pure GE T pu r e d want to remember when I would pronounce a journeyman. Yeah, and your wife would get all pissed. I want to make sure we got the right URL. So I'm spelling it out. Out there SST pure.com such get pure you can look up there and every state bunch of countries there in Switzerland whose coffin in Switzerland. Lots of people United Arab Emirates lot of golf over there Bryce and maybe got Pure it over there when he went over. I don't know price. It might have his own puring sister's house. You know, he's just trying to get on these guys level so go to that that you are all the look up the closest location. Do you do and It's a nice little sprain activity. It's a way to support us Port pod support our partners SST pure. All right, let's move on. What-what-what. Are you done with Honda you have any other thoughts on the course or any thoughts on the Sunday? Watch the weekend watch? I had some more thoughts will tell me your thoughts that's bummed out that you know, well, I was actually I think it's smart Westie. Let's see does it need to win twice going into the Masters? Right? Could Bend The Narrative to whatever you want it to be? Be sure your second Strokes gained putting this week. Is that good or bad? I've even he had like an all-time putting week. It's kind of unbelievable. You want to save those for Majors? I how many more of those as you gonna have to blow that on the Honda. I mean, I don't know he hit desires like shit that's gonna turn around. You know that yeah, but Daniel Berger third straight top 10 It's coming back, huh? He's diving vibin again speaking of rookies of the year. He's a former Beauty year. He beat out JT what else anything else? Ricky early exit went home brooksie early exit on had some bread activations on the inlet. I'm getting sent a square grouper t-shirt. I'll tell you what. This is this is where I think the pgl makes its best case is when guys like Ricky and bright-eyed and I get it they missed the cut. They played like shit, but the common fan honestly wants to go watch him. You know and they don't care like the guy that's working 9 to 5 Monday through Friday has Hannah tickets on Saturday and Brooks and Ricky. The two biggest names aren't in the field. It sucks. So what's the pgl? That's 50 for all events 54-hole events all of in you know, who's going to be there for every event split to use everybody's on the course, you know. so you're not like I don't know you can go to more condensed window and see everyone whereas you don't need to go at 8 a.m. And stay till 5 p.m. To see all the guys you want to say. Can I have two other comments? I was watching morning drive the show that you appear on. This is not a shot at at the product. I just his the most ridiculous statement I've ever one of the most it just shouldn't even be the question. But Matt Adams goes, you know, they go to cut to commercial. Jake and he goes next we're going to talk about is the bear trap the greatest three-hole stretch and all of golf. Did he just say it in the declarative way like that? Yes, or was it a quest it was a question. But here's the thing. It shouldn't even be qualified. If you want to talk about the best three whole stretches in the world. None of them picked the bear trap not if of even brought it up if you want to talk about the best three whole stretches of golf in the world. Just say hey, we're going to Talk about the best three-hole stretch has golf in the world just because the bear trap week does not mean you need to even put them into this conversation put it even in the conversation because it shouldn't be it's just gotta yeah, it's just dumb and then later Ryan Burr pulled up a graphic with the you know, the big events graphic and said that we're we're embarking on the greatest red Gray. Is stretch in the history of golf. With repeat that again. This is the greatest stretch in the history of golf. None of the tournaments have been played. I can't be right I get that like it's a formidable stretch of golf tournaments. But like are you kidding me? We're embarking on the greatest stretch of golf tournament golf in the history of the game. What does that mean? I don't understand. What is he? What do you mean? He's a former players. What's the topic? That's what I'm saying like the eternal Summer. Like are we forgetting like you like that the what happens in the tournament really matters, like what if what if what if we have Michael Campbell Sean McCoy Mishima Keel and Just as o 3. Yeah find John Feinstein motive. Look on that which Prince John finds you can write a book about the anything. He wrote a book called the 2003 major Steve. Like is it still the greatest stretch of golf in the history of the game if it just like if it's done after dud, yeah, that's yeah. I don't follow that. It's going to be sorry. I'm going to Golf Channel this week trying to get me in trouble. I feel bad for all the good people at soccer Lando. I don't really want to I don't think we need to talk about Friday. Yeah, I mean, I'm biased here. I've gotten to know a lot of people there's a lot of really smart good hard-working people Golf Channel and you know, it's on 24 hours a day and sometimes the things that are said we might think are not particularly. no and line with our way of thinking as you just exhibit it but either way it's good to have it's been a big part of our lives for the last 20 years and it's a good thing that you want to have so whatever happens with the move you know definitely thinking of those people down there sad to do it right before our knees weak I didn't understand that I don't ya I mean Arnold's Studio KP it made the he founded the channel there's this great quote all over the building There they were in like some Crossroads early on whether like they decide whether the fold up or take on more debt. I don't know what it was. Don't quote me on what the situation but as a Crossroads and he got up in this meeting like pounding the table because if I had tried to hit it through the trees a few times in my life. None of us would be here and so like his like, you know, he's all over the channel. It's like a really cool story. And so like they took the risk, whatever the crossroads was. They took the risk your path and you know it Obviously became this long-standing channel, it's just odd to ya have it this week because it's such a home game celebration. But all right, so we get off the PGA Tour any other thoughts on Honda. No not right now. I might think of more. Okay. All right in Oman. We'd speaking of military service for Sunjai Oman. We had Sammy valid Mach 18 months removed from being God. I better get the country right Finland, Finland or what you just saw the figure below. Okay. I always remember the thinned the fins flag because of Teemu Selänne great hockey - player who's the other guy? They've had a botched. That was really good the Ducks had Paul. Kariya. Paul kariya and Teemu Selänne not for yet another he would not he wasn't offend but I hope you know Korea was good. Yeah, Sammy Val Maki, but jarmo just a week after time out. The fins are they were looked down upon because he emigrated to Stockholm Sammy stayed in Finland. Did his military service? He's his sixth European tour start. He wins the Oman opened beats Brandon Stone how many play it was the third platform? Yeah, they kept playing 18, which I hate when they keep playing this. Same hole. Let me ask you. What was your favorite part of this tournament? I mean, I put it on my Instagram page. There's this big signs is placards out in the middle of the Fairway that says I heart Muscat. I mean I gotta admit I didn't watch a ton of it. Do you think do you think they were talking about the Muscat? Why wasn't there are conditional why you couldn't be there but I do this is a great story Sam eval Maki six served his military duty six Dart. He's already a winner. Seems like a jolly chap good for him beat, you know Brandon stones are very high quality player. It's one thing when the Scottish that one year went crazy won the Scottish. George could see us. Well, there's one a bunch of those other events. He hasn't won on the PGA tour yet. So I think who it was don't to share or I think Daniel Rapport brought up found like an old article or Fleetwood himself said like I know I need to win on the PGA tour to prove it. I need to win on the biggest or so. I mean there is some not everybody's like Westie or you know, like your FedEx Cup points and shove them up here. You know what but that's the think he was poo-pooing and all-time great. Sure. Sure, like a Zinger one is Major because Norman, you know pull the Norman. Oh, oh, so you're dead. You're gonna tease a girl now. This is your down in his major. I see what you're doing. So what was you I mean, I don't know. Would you rather have what will the PGA did he was? 93 93 PGA. Where was it? It was at Inverness Quality quality venue, right? Hmm. Okay. So any other Oman opened thoughts I was now worst really hurting Kids jump all over me and I watched a little amount open finish. I didn't really watch it to fit into the top five really to yeah, Miko. Yeah. There we go. All right on the aisle bossk. Oh Bosque Mexico Championship. We had a four-man playoff, right? No three men David koecher Paul barge. Polly Bergen subjective or Mackenzie Canada to our winner last year and Chad Ramey. So our winner was David Coker kosher winds down in Mexico. I didn't see any of it. Nobody saw any other Dylan Wu Chi for again. Matt Atkins is seems to be always bouncing around on the, you know web borderline, but he three players within five shots. It's not a lot of left in separation. And this one I don't have much else to say I was looking at Nick Hardy scorecard and I was like, oh he made a double on 18. I was like man, if he if he made a birdie instead of a double on the par-5 18th, and I was looking I was like, oh you would have been two shots out of the lead really. Well if he finished 16th, you know, like yours would replay back what even expect all you're doing is relied on play-by-play. You have no idea. Yeah anything I have no clue how it happened. All right. Got it. Got what in order to find out. I have to ask the guy that double they tune cost himself a bunch of money. Thanks to the good what happened? What happened on 18th? Probably about it subjects. He wants to discuss Cola guard classic. Not last but certainly not least Bernhard longer certainly least. Well, hey, I was watching this after then to Honda have you seen these cologuard ads know? The box it's an inanimate freaking object that suddenly grows arms and a smiley face and starts pulling around the bat bathroom. The it's like anthropomorphize box that is about to be defecated in is bouncing her a smiley face jumping around the bathroom. They're checking humanize the Box. They're trying to make the box like the guck the gecko the Geico Gecko. Luminize I mean, I know it's the subject can't go too in depth on what the products for but God. I'll Whitey Bernhard Langer wins 18 under beats Woody Austin by 2 and a host of others at E3 where Rod pampling Brett Quigley Pam played maybe playing with a chip on his shoulder because you got iced again from the API as the former Champions didn't You though. I think that's that's over Robert Gamez got one. Is he 50? I don't think so. Day every Gammas Gamez leash more Rory Mickelson and Mullen. Alright all former Champions to get invites. He's fanned one free payoffs got this is 51. They're just doing it because of the whole out such bullshit and it is full of shit. You know what I think we should get people that finish last in the pool. We just sent him a cola Carfax. I just want to make sure you're healthy around its product that you know is just whatever. We don't need to talk anymore about it could talk about lonner. I mean, this is Anchorman Sunjai wasn't even born when he one of the first time on the champions tour. I'm exaggerating Sanjay was like 10. I think he's now 141 times on the PGA on the champions tour. He's 62. To its first win was 2007 the small business classic. I don't know anything about that. It's kind of nuts. Come on. I mean, this is like how many guys have 13 year careers at all? Yeah anywhere not many this guy's done it on the champions tour for 13 years 1 over 49 question. Can you get kicked off The Champions to her because I think you could have 13-year career. If you want it to this is impossible to get kicked off. I think you could just keep going. Somebody was oh somebody new zealanders are because Michael Campbell is playing over there. I guess he wrote in and he can't get a spot. They're not giving strength. Price of research and I don't know if he's got qualifies with the to to wind. So I'm not trying to say it's like the greatest achievement in golf history, but I think she should have a little appreciation for a loner still doing it 62 a one that I think it's just covered in a cloud because the anchor so here's why this is this is why Michael Campbell doesn't have a spot on the champions tour. What is it you get full status if you've won twice on the PGA tour, he's only out though. He only won the US Open and the PGA Tour how stupid is that guy won the US Open Pinehurst and and this is not a slight on Jim Herman Jim Herman. It's gonna have status on this Champions to her. But the guy that won the US Open doesn't have status on the champions tour. Herman one barbasol Garvey and Houston great win and he said yeah. Yeah all-time great. Laughs one of my favorite Sundays. What that's awesome. That was an awesome story that that is like as good as it gets for Underdog Story because it was like who's who's who was chasing him Hendricks Hendricks tensed and DJ Jordan Spieth was how the leaderboard I mean like and Jim Herman was the guy that like rose to the occasion down the stretch. That was a great way. Okay, so no, you're not. You're not on board with appreciating lonner still winning at 62 I am I think it's just it's hard to fully appreciate because of the the whole anchoring thing. Yeah, maybe not the most popular one in the locker room. But I've I like it's an unbelievable feat. He was a great player who always struggled with his putting and you know, there's just the whole the whole anchoring thing brings into like is he it's it's just unbelievable to me the PGA tour's lack of rules enforcement across the whole thing. Is it intent? Yeah. It's when you say intent that just gives everybody an out. I think somebody sent me a tip Jason gar, you know the player an advisor guy. It's like you guys just screwed yourselves using the word intent and that anchor ban because it's just yeah brings of total gray area and I didn't intend to do that. Yeah. It just brushed my shirt. I did it wasn't attached to my sternum. You know, I didn't intend to disparage Jim Herman. Pairing him to Michael Campbell, but I did so yeah, that's the out. All right enough cologuard talk. What do you Austin? Somebody send us a video of him chirping fans. I love that. What is the hothead? I mean, is it really that like, it's a Champions Tour. You're just talking back to fans outside the Rogue who are the fans to the fats are living down in the desert like he's like, thanks. I know how to play this. God's there's something I've for you what he said. All right, let's get off of the cold. Can we book our tickets tomorrow to the swap? For next year's Honda. Should we just do you think they'll accept media credential request now? No, I don't think you can apply now. What's the earliest you can book a flight in advance? I think like a year. Okay. All right. Let's get to news. USGA has a new slogan for many one. I don't have a strong reaction to this. Some people were ripping on it. Jeff Shackelford Etta some a lot of people loved it. I don't know if I love it or not, but I I've always felt like the USGA like the US Open. Should just it should have a very simple identity you go to the best courses in the country couple of them Public Access some sort and you really emphasize the the open Nature the 10,000 the stories of getting their sexual. That's what they're doing with this. I know I agree so I kind of like that. They're done. Why can't it just be the national open? Like why can't we just Why can't the slogan be this is your National open everybody? it has a chance if you're good enough to get there at least I mean, yeah, and then worry about tiger vs. Brooks that I just think like get away from the even par get away from the 8 inch rough get away from all that like it's should always have been just we go to the best golf courses in this country and every single person in this country, you know in theory but not in reality has a chance and sectional qualifying is one of the best days in one of the best Things in Galt and they should have always been promoting that so I kind of agree with this direction. I don't know if I have no reaction to the actual slogan. I just way to go. I just think spending like copious amounts of money on a marketing campaign to come up with this is just pathetic. Separate issue true like like it's just like, okay what this is. This is not a reinvention. This is just simply like, oh lucky. I mean everybody knew this already. Yeah, but I mean, I know it's the Branded I guess I but why don't why can't the Brandy just be this is our national championship that it seems like they're getting away from the toughest test in golf the ultimate test of golf which Changed the then I think they change back the toughest test. Whatever is fine. It's just emphasize the process emphasize the process of the championship, which I think is what this does because it's cool. All right other news David Feherty goes right at Patrick Reed. Thus there is no God was his first reaction was the first thing he said after he won in Mexico, there is no God. I loved his comment about polarizing like, I don't know if he's polarizing because it's such a great. A point like to be polarizing somebody's got to be on the other side. I don't think there's anybody that's on the side of like I love Patrick Reed outside of the quraían family. There's some few people in Texas than like this this agreement. Yeah. I'm not even sure he's polarizing. I'm not sure there's too many people on the other side. You know what I mean? I mean, there is no God was the first thing I said after he won last week. There is no God, you know, that's perfect right there amazing. I mean he is amazing. He's Captain oblivious just can't can let everything run off his back. I've never seen anything. Like it. I think this is notable. I mean, it's more or less a statement of fact, right? We all kind of mess can understand. I think it's notable because you works for rights partner on the PGA tour and not one of us or not ever Brandel, I guess saying you cheated is also writes partner, but I think it's notable that this is a person that's out there on the course saying it and we just heard from Costas on the nlu Pod that like, he didn't bring it up when he was out there as and the Exact same role. He you know, it wasn't his part job to become part of the story. And I love that ferret. He's kind of saying what he sees saying the truth. I imagine that he is going to get a Stern yet talking to by the PGA Tour who I think you're Erica. I think yeah, I think that they're the I feel like the tour might be scared of Patrick Reed. What do you mean? I think they're afraid of Patrick Reed. That's like the only only realistic thing that I can come to as their response of the situation is I don't know if like Patrick Reed's got like incriminating photos of tour execs or what but like that's the only thing that like explains their response this whole situation is that Patrick Reed is holding something over their head. Like that's the only thing I could come. to rationalize the way that the PGA Tour is handling the situation they're handling it worse than the way Major League Baseball is handling the Astros which is amazing it's an amazing thing yeah yeah I mean they should push him as a villain you know if they really want to be an entertainment product or they should just not go out of their way to defend them right it's not this isn't Tiger this isn't like a whale this isn't like a moneymaker for you it's Pat read either push push the villain there push him as a villain For Your Entertainment product or don't trip over yourself to defend his honor and it in turn like not like defendant talk about this enough we talk about yeah okay let's move the notable thing is Feherty as a rights holder is probably going to get a talking to or hear me so maybe fine may be suspended all right I have no other news do you any other things you want to talk about got something to talk about The pool Seminole Pro member on Monday. Whatever you said, it's going to be a bunch of pgl talk. Maybe maybe maybe there's a hunch hunch. That's my didn't say that this was speculating a lot of big names. There may be disgusting thing. That's how we got our pool. It's over the winner a golf team. That's the name a golf team. Alright, simple. I like it who carried him. He had read him or her read Scott brison and seungjae. So you got three most importantly he bet the right way. He bet Lee Westwood over Brendon Todd. That's right. Good call on that one. Got the guys particles. It's to God particles. You've been researching prizes for this prizes are actually going to be sending out soon. We're for all those that one in January just so you know, we're going to give Awards to people that one individual weeks and we're going to also give award overcommit here. I'm on we're going to give a worse the individual weeks and some of the top finishers overall of a handful of finisher. Stop overall. surprises for last two but they're going to be extraordinarily unique prizes that you never imagined you were going to get this good even sending me some ideas it's pretty good okay so any other you want to get well nice well nights is heading up the operation readily top ten here all right other golf team the god particles Mac Daddy Rob oppenheim funds that's pretty good some Warrior Matthias Schwab Cup pretty good see how it goes but good right in our wheelhouse See How They Run I'm guessing that's events mauers mom's meatloaf okay, uh-huh poor ask cough and 10th huge quickly by huge quickly by so we will have a new pool coming out this this month March and we got a gold standard coming up. We got AP I got some big big cash big prizes figure ready for last place. Yeah at Bratislava Bearcat. Oh, no. He picked Fred Couples. Call the guard weddings don't count. He was in the final final group out of Tucson. He got a he got a donut from Rickie Fowler. Wow, that's a misuse of one of the configured Ames. I'm guessing that he's probably going to have some spite towards wreck for a while. By the way. I was watching the kollar guard tonight last hour. My son asked me my middle younger one. He goes dad. Is that Tiger Woods in the red shirt just Robert Carlson So it's not everybody in the red shirt is Tiger like no, that's that's Robert Carlson funding at the cologuard classic. All right, who else I have to say for back of laughs so that Brenda Brandon's black long off of Arness Army were the next two worst ones, but for back makes total sense. The guy is not on the ground getting the buzz because there they keep them in a corner and they don't he never gets any of this to or scuttlebutt the seat. Machine operator for the fourth the last make sense. That's true that actually a part of the tournament there. He's never there good stuff. We have a new one. We gotta redo her on categories. That'll close open soap in the next three days. We'll share it what Monday you think we'll have it open prizes are only going to get better. We got we've got a new logo. We got coffee. We got a cough. That's probably available. Coffee rise we might have some alcoholic beverages coming as a surprise. You might have unique weird. We don't know yet. We're in discussions. We're trying to make sure we are good. We're going to continue to have the awesome prizes that everybody that has one. It's going to get I promise you that that will be a staple of the of these prizes but but yeah sign up. We're at a we're at the hour mark. I'll buy our coffee too. Yeah. Bixby coffee.com shotgun start SST pure.com get pure we got too many ads or just this isn't an ad. This is our coffee. I know it's good coffee joking. I'm joking. Alright, then grocery store coffee. We are into March. We got a great week coming at API one of my favorite events favorite. Yeah. I don't know. I like I like looking that some of the remembrances of Arnold get a little kind of treacly I think he's worth remembering in Grand terms. So your head down to your heading down there. You're gonna be on this that this is the site of the crime. Yeah, I'll be there. Wednesday will be there Wednesday. So enjoy your Monday. It's not new month, March warmer temperatures least here. So extra hour of sunlight coming end of the week, and we will talk to you on Wednesday.