As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together. and kind of having a weird night together because of all the I haven't been to a ton of Campus events, but I of all the campus events. I've been to that was probably one of the one of the busiest or one of the ones with the most people I don't think I've been to one that has as many people as that one. So clearly it works. Yeah, like everyone had a good time. I mean, it's a it's a topic that most everyone can relate to so I'm sure everyone is having a hoop. It was a hidden half honestly having people come in. It was like a party if it was a party that it would have been capped halfway through but people just kept pouring in it was kind of ridiculous. He's sewing Manning door at the Hub a groom. Who do you know here that a group hag hedge? It's all the same. Willie you want to say hi everybody? Our fearless schmuck member again, if you forgot listen to the Schmucks and we've never done a morning show. This is kind of new for us. We're all a little groggy, you know had a late night. It's super weird. I'm on my second cup of Joe and I'm feeling a little frisky is really eye on us down in the studio. Yeah, even there. I'm one. And I'm like half a cup in right now. Not that it's in this room because no drinks are allowed in this studio. No, but the hypothetical coffee that I'm drinking is absolutely delicious and from daily pause here at Plymouth State the ladies that work there are super nice. They will always get you a drink on time nice and quick. They know we got places to be people to see and they are the best top-notch quality coffee. They are really Speedy. Like if you're running the late to class and you're just like I can't survive this class without a coffee. Like you can be rest assured that if you go there and get a cup. It's like instant even though there's usually a line there sometimes in between classes. You'll be fine. You'll be fine. I was surprised I've actually never gone coffee there until today. Really? Yeah. Yeah surprised by how the flavors they had. I got like Jamaican surprise or whatever is called. We're okay. We're A just a little bit with trying so we're about to get the full power of the Schmucks. It's just the mat. So to paint you a picture. This is a really small room and we are for full-grown men. I assume at this point. I don't know I don't I'm pretty sure I'm full grown by this time. Yeah. I mean I'm 6 foot right now, but I would love to be taller. I don't know how practical that is. I've really been waiting on becoming like six for my whole life. But right now I'm just gonna kind of keep you talking about my height problems because when I was a younger boy, I was five 11 and a half for about a year and then I was five 11 and 3/4 for two years and I was absolutely miserable and I've finally gotten over the threshold of six feet. So now I'm where I want to be not that height matters. If you're short, that's great. If you're tall great. Everyone should be their best selves, but I knew that my best self was at 6 feet tall lady. Gentlemen were here. It took me a little while to get our recording session in the other room kind of dialed in for everybody's voice and stuff like that. But speaking Yeah, we're recording now it took it took a little while couple phone calls to the Mixmaster Eric man, the myth the legend DG will occur the disc jockey of the century speaking of tall people the other day. I was skiing with a friend. She's a lot shorter than I am and as we were skiing she doesn't really realize it but as she goes along and skis through these trees being about a foot shorter than I am. She's at a huge Advantage because when she's zooming through that's cut and turns like nobody's business and I'm just tasting right along behind her. She's gone ducking under everything not even ducking just zoom in under it and then there's me and it's just like I'm a helmet like whack whack whack over and over again Branch after Branch after brat. So definitely being short has its benefits. I got bother you guys ever walked into a house had like a doorway that standing in a solid, you know, 5 11 and 6 to 6 foot 2 meters walks right in and it'll bang eats the Noggin right off of it. Yeah, every time I visit the hobbits. I'm always in a huge predicament. How often are you visiting the hobbits? I mean every year really I'm related to him definitely shows. Are they in Cornish or you gotta travel there playing field? So that's the Hobbit Town. Yeah right around that field that a corn field baseball field. Yeah. Yeah. So one thing that's pretty funny about those hobbitses. Are there sighs we all know we all watched the lower ring. They all like to eat drink and be very merry people. So we're going to start off a little song to kind of go with that ladies and gentlemen, this is not a 1.7 WPC our Plymouth with the Schmucks Schmucks. I like to something. They think I'm forgetting. My name is more and more feminine Girl Say It Again. No, nothing that they don't want him next to me and my like I'm joking chunka chunka chunka chunka chunka to pump it Pump It Pump It Pump It Pump It pump it chunky chunky chunky chunky chunky chunky fuel pump. It Pump It Pump It pump it I like the male person that's in the wild like they at Do I like this style? It won't happen guy to get a job shop and when a dog killed him too. I love every inch. Oh, yes. I do chunky chunky chunky chunky chunky chunky chunky chunky To get to me Plumping Plumping wrong with love and kill catch. I like him. I like him. I like him with it. I like modern. I like your big big ol hot what girl you crazy. She drives me crazy. Is that a lady and she nice and shapeless space? Is it takes so much space up a shopping mall is so gracious. Yeah. Chunky chunky chunky chunky chunky chunky, but I'm bit bumpy. You'll get your get your pic to pump. It Pump It Pump It Pump It Pump It Welcome back to 91 7w P. CR Plymouth with the Schmucks smocks coffee coffee with this mugs. Right and that's earlier in part. Yeah, you're right. We got a brand ourselves. We don't really have a name for our late night show, which is Friday's seven to nine should be looking I guess we're just the Schmucks all around. Yeah, maybe an afternoon delight with the Schmucks. Whoo. And evening specialty like special last course with the Schmucks the last course dessert. Oh, what's that like the night top or whatever when you have that drink before Dawn the night cap night Captain Schmucks. I mean we'd have to be later. I don't know who goes to bed at nine o'clock on a Friday the dirty desert dirty desert with the Schmucks interesting. I think these are all great ideas. Actually, maybe if somebody wants to call in sick. So three five three five. 3 0 3 is 0 come give us a name for our late night show on our morning show one idea is you people we want to we want quality ones because we can we can ramble on for a while, but we have to ramble on and have it real definition what we're doing here. Mmm. It's all context. It's our context and content. I'll tell you what we'll smells ridiculous right now. Yeah, this is a lot in this little room. We can't emphasize just how small this room is and just How potent will Sanchez we gotta we gotta start off with saying I didn't sleep in this morning. I got up real early with some rad individuals who might call in later to just say how sick it was and we got up and we went shredding me. I'm gonna need some skinny this morning. Yeah, we're up at about 5:45 out of the house by 6:15 6:30 and then skied and then came right into here at 9:00. So yeah, I probably smell a little bad, but I'm worried. All my ski stuff because I wasn't being sad. I was being rad heck. Yeah. Can you break down with skinning is for non ski Fanatics out there. Yeah. Sure. So it's getting is is there's you have your skis and you need a tour in bind and it's a binding that allows your heel to come up quite a ways and so you can easily walk on your skis and then Skins are basically little hairs that all face in One Direction on an angle so that way when they move one way, they slide over the snow, but they won't go backwards because those angled hairs that Catches all the snow and it allows you to travel up hill and get into some really rad gnarly. Terrain rip. Some killer lines with some killer friends and such super fun. Definitely a good workout though. And that's why everybody in here is not super stoked that I smell like a sweaty dumpster fire but or dead person easy killer lines and killer friends sounds absolutely dangerous and especially the way you smell like it's like a zombie that's the thing killer friends out of context. It is not sound great. Just know there's no murders out there. They're just cool people. Yeah certain type of slang that skiers use I guess I guess kill. Yeah, that's slang that can just be misinterpreted because I mean I'm a big fanatic of serial killers and serial killer podcast. I think it's very interesting but I think it's creepy. Yeah. Well, I mean, it's a little suspicious. I guess I try and you know be cool so nobody gets suspicious but it's really interesting. I don't know we could watch a documentary sometime maybe tonight. I don't know if we're all. And well, it's Thursday night will probably be it is on Thursday who's a shindig. I know it's going down. I'm not gonna release it on air, but now that'd be a lot we could blow it up. If you're invited. I see you there. If you're invited if you know who we know if you know, you know, you know, you know, which is one of the worst when people post that online just a picture that if you know, you know, it's like I don't know and I feel left out. I want to slap them through the internet if that was possible if that was the thing think of how many people get slapped off of Facebook alone everyday and Twitter. Oh my gosh you Ember on Facebook where people would poke you. Yeah. Yeah like oh God the girl poked me. Like what do I do now Middle School? Yeah. I remember Bubba Engels poke me once. Oh, he's my basketball coach and in grade school, and so it was really strange but it was like coming from Bubba. So super funny. It was real interesting guy who's the type of dude that just didn't care about much and always cared about winning. I remember he was baseball coach in mind. I didn't play much basketball too busy. And there was one time I remember in baseball. He was I am I good game bringing slap bog of the home run here. He's going he knew he was a he was a real character house. For sure, man. What a guy what a guy I wonder what he's up to nowadays. I mean the world may never know. Hmm. He calls in sick. So three five three five thirty Thirty letters. I have a giveaway to come talk to us Bubba. Bubba Bubba Bubba. Yeah, I've only met one other Bubba. Well, I've never met this bubble. But I feel like if you're named Bubba or your nicknames Bubba, you have to be pretty cool. It's definitely some sort of initiation. Like you don't you're not just born and you dubbed Bubba. It's something you got to earn got to be. Yeah. I mean, I've never met a tiny person named Bubba, you know, they're always yeah, he's gonna be pretty large. I would assume. No. Yeah. She's actually on the shorter side. Yeah, sure and large or no yours is actually kind of thin. I think I think real quick. We should dive into the open call nice weather pattern that we have going on. Yo, Plymouth State of New Hampshire is whether I hears is Dreadful. I mean we got rain, there's no snow now, it's freezing cold. I walk to class and I'm looking at the sky and I'm thinking man. I think it's going to rain but it's sunny out right now, but looking to the north, we got this huge Thunder Boomers. Just relaxing right now, though. It's pretty sunny and beautiful out of a Thunderbird really. It's just not not quality whether it's not quality pretty a lot worse though. At least it's like sweatshirt weather. Like I feel anyways like an especially when it gets into the afternoon. It's pretty nice. And I know it's barge but it could be a lot worse could be rainy. Could we could I bet we're going to get a snowstorm in like two weeks and no one wants it you think so, I feel like winter is kind of over. That's what you think. But I feel like that's happened in the past. We're out to get you. Yeah, it sounds a winner every time right as you pack up your winter stuff. It's just the biggest storm of the year, which I mean I'm stoked for it'll be there. You know, it's no like that. It's just beautiful to see you know, snowing really makes me dream about quality things Quality quality songs, because you know, it's just sweet dreams when I see that snow fall because that's what these things are made of. Everybody has a stretch and a half. Here we go. Some of them want to get used by you some of them want to use you. Some of them want to be. Sweet dreams are made of this. The world and the Seven Seas. Everybody's looking for something sweet dreams. You know what? I've been having sweet dreams about lately. What's that? Jules Jules? I always will. Rip of a jewel every once in a while. Oh rip of a jewel in talking Jewels Jewels, but Jewels are also pretty enticing, you know, it's actually a woman like worldwide epidemic right now. Yeah, not ideal but I'm thinking about why does this make me feel sick? Well, I think if you take it at the right time, then it's good. But like that daily when people wake up need that Jewel and I'm sorry one time this kid. Well, I won't say his name because it was Ali the worst thing anyone could say he's like walks up to his Zach and I or in a piece of chef at Windsor news like all so I'm really digging the jewel now, we're like cool. He's like, yeah, it's super cool. Wake up 10 reps. Nick's it back to bed make sick. I'm like, whoa, dude, what a way to live. He's like on my soccer team is little freshman lost a lot of respect for him in high school. Yeah. 14 yeah, what's up with that? Oh, yeah. Oh gonna call me. Here we go. We I don't know I hope so 91.7 WPC are Plymouth you listen to those Schmucks Schmucks how we doin? It's t Blake Steve blank. How you doing today? I'm green. I just finished my exam. I got a 95 on a great day. I can't believe that do you like is not the most outstanding student but it looks like he's got a bounce-back 95. It's a good start to the day. I mean, I've only had a coffee and talked on the radio. Well sounds like a pretty great day to me. It seems like what are your plans for the day? What are you up to honestly? Is I mean, it's probably gonna be an outstanding breakfast you cook often you might have a YouTube channel or something. Oh I do. Lay or crowd and boots with you boys, but that's harmful to show you ever see ever frightened bags of tea black that sounds like a hoot sounds scrumptious. Oh, it was delicious and it was in that business. Absolutely special herbs special herbs. I wonder what that is. I can only imagine I can get a special KFC spices some serious oregano and That's see Blake. When is that next episode coming out because I've been waiting for about a month now and there's a lot of talk about a third episode but doesn't seem like there's too much execution so I can lock that down for not this weekend coming up that's weekend. But three weekends from now that Friday the 3rd episode will be dropping. It was a little little slack in because I had a lot of work to do but now we got everything situated. We're going to write hot wings Showdown 3 levels 3 levels. Seems the other person the winner is free merchandise some free t-shirts dropping t-shirts and sweatshirts. I'm going to save by the second week of April. What's team? Like you've only had two episodes what kind of mercury vacant I have t-shirts or sweatshirts. Definitely definitely think there was cops soon as I grabbed. Quality trucker hats here that we can really just slap our heads way around campus trucker hats my guy. I think I should make that happen. I really do. Yeah, like if you give us $500 we will advertise for your YouTube show every single time. The Schmucks are on air for the low low. Price of $500 if I have a little crunch to five hundred dollars in my pocket, I would totally do this, but I believe you have are you telling me you don't have $500? I do not have $500 personally. I don't have that. Then this is over hung up. I've wanted to do that. I wanted to do that for so long. I've always called in to radio shows and now with all the power. I've been hung up on so many times and it's like hi. I'd really like to talk about Baba. No hung up. I used to call him to Barstool radio. I shouldn't even plug them but used to listen to them a lot and then I'd call in it always hang up on me had bad service or something, but just made me feel bad. I've been hung up on a few times to I'd call in to the local rock station because I like mowing lawns. I didn't have my own set of headphones or a phone yet. So I just use those like big yellow ear muffs. The giant antenna coming out of them. Yeah, and so I was like, well, I really want to listen to Sublime, and I know that sometimes I play Santeria or that's really it you're banking on that one song know by now. I'm sick of listening to Santeria every single time. So, I just want to listen Scarlet Begonias by Sublime. So I called in I was like, hey, can you play Scarlet Begonias by Sublime? They're like, nope click, but it's clean. See that's the thing. We at least pick up like I'm happy to talk to you Blake. But if he doesn't have the sponsorship money conversations over real quick. Yeah, but I know that t Blake Jewels every once in a while back to Jules, but if you're looking for a jewel, not a jewel, but still want Jewels if you're keeping up you can go to Wolfson Jewelers. They show is brought to you by Wolfson Jewelers from downtown Plymouth. A lot of you listeners may already know about us, but what you may not know is that we sell vinyl records as well as our store full of jewelry. It's a little bit of a secret for sure because of because a lot of kids like to keep it to themselves. It's a great gift idea to all those people getting back into vinyl. Our hours are 9:00 to 5:00 Mondays through Fridays and nine to one on Saturdays. And that was tough to read there's a lot of things crossed out and not but overall. You should get the message Wilson Jewelers. You want to impress somebody maybe get a little early Valentine's gift even though that just passed so a really early one maybe a Christmas present birthday present. I don't know. Maybe you just want to get your mom something just to say thank you. Go to Wolfson Jewelers in downtown Plymouth. So it is it a Jeweler's or is it a record store? It's both actually it's extremely versatile. That's super cool. You know, I haven't bought jewelry in a while. I think last time I did it was for my 5th grade girlfriend because her friend pressured me into doing it and it was like this little gemstone of a butterfly that cost me like $5.00 which was a huge investment. I Went back and forth for like days because $5 was hard to come by but I bought that gave it to her broke up with her the next week and then they sent me a video my ex-girlfriend and her friend of breaking that little butterfly with a hammer and like I at first I was a little hurt was like I was a big investment 5 whole dollars out of my pocket, but then I thought it was funny because how spiteful is that right? I mean the relationship was not great. It was fifth grade. We went on one date. I Is really uncomfortable because I'm just the idea of going out with somebody was really daunting. We went and saw what's that Christmas movie that Ebenezer The Scrooge one is Ebenezer Scrooge. Hmm. Then you're thinking the what I mean, that's close enough. Yeah, it's we can Name all the characters in it, but don't quite know who was but we saw that movie and I remember sitting in the theater and we're right next to each other. My dad was in the back which did not help my confidence. I knew he was watching just in case something happen, but not really your hand more sweet. Yeah, he was rooting me on but she looked over and she was like you can put your arm around me if you want and I know I scooted away. I was too nervous. I was not a confident fifth grader. I know I even had the green light the they throw a move cuddle up. No, but then I mean in the future, I tried that move and it's just so uncomfortable by the end of the movie your arms dead. If you do it in the first like 20 minutes a movie or sitting there. Or a two-hour movie your arm. You can't feel it by the end of the movie and it just kind of turns into a miserable experience. I'm sure it's better for the person with the arm around them. But I do not like throwing my arm around a girl during a movie unless it's like one of those IMAX theaters with a really comfy chairs a kind of recline. That's a game changer, right? That's kind of brings up a funny topic didn't want to talk about pickup lines. I'll make ya sure. So where's where's the best Pick up lines very for the people of Plymouth State University. We're about to drop some some quality stuff for you that you can use on The Daily maybe tonight while you're out and about, you know, so yeah see, yeah see a cute individual and you want to bring them here y so who wants to wants to start off here? Oh geez. Well, I'll go with mine. I mean but mine no one can really use because it's really specific to my name say hey, I'm Ford like the vehicle. Do you want to go for a ride? Now you got one. Yeah, I usually get too nervous. So I don't execute it all that well, but I think I can do it with just the four of us in here. I'm already nervous. So I've gone over a lot of pickup lines in my day. I always think about them. I rarely execute them because you know girls are scary. But um, my go-to lately I still don't do but I think about it we could but it's walking up and it's Each is very passive. So you go up. Maybe you have your phone number on a piece of paper and say hey, hypothetically if I were to give you my number would you text me because it gives you the fallback if they say no saves you time. You're out bada-boom bada-bing maybe on to the next one or you just go cry about it feel bad about yourself for a week or two. I don't know but that's why I don't do it because I am not ready for rejection. And I don't even know if I'm ready for them to say. Yes, I'd be one of those things where like I didn't think I'd get this. Far so I don't know what to do, but maybe I mean for like if you're overly intoxicated and you see someone eyeballing you from a distance you like I have to leave but I got to do one thing before I go do one thing and then like, you know, if she says no Then you don't remember and if she says yes, then you have a happy surprise on your phone the next morning and it's nice. Yeah, because it's not the pressure of me remembering anything balls in her court. So she doesn't want to even if she says yes to be nice and doesn't do it. I didn't lose much, you know, maybe even if I'm if it's that point in the night, I've had so much apple juice that I could kill a small horse with the amount of apple juice. I consume that night and horses know how to chug some apple juice and apple juice man, but maybe you know, it's been a long night. I'm not remembering everything clearly because there's so much sugar in my system from all that apple juice my weekend apple juice and hey, maybe I forget giving my number and then really Don't lose anything at all. It can be pretty easy. If you you know deep into the apple juice to miss Rita a situation a social cue. Yeah, it's so say even if it's a positive social cool, you know, I really easy to miss Reed so you got someone say Hey, you know, can I get your number and they say hmm put one second of thought into it like a gone motoring out of there is no more any pause your has. Asian is John it's a sure fire sign and be like well, okay, you know only when I'm deep into the apple juice. Yeah, you know, I would just as a dangerous game. Yeah, overall. I liked that one neat. Thank you. Thank you. It's a good one. Maybe I'll try it tonight and see how it goes. And then maybe we can talk about it on air. We could try our lines tonight and then we can have another bit. All right. Well, I got I got my license you guys ready to go. So I'm gonna walk up, you know see it see a cute individual cute girl at the party. I'm going to go up to her and I'm gonna go up and say you want to listen to slow jazz and an awkward volume come over to my place later. We can make that happen. Now what exactly constitutes an awkward volume? Well, that's that's for her to decide because God would be too soft just a little too soft or just a little too loud. You can't hear each other. Yeah, so then she has to lean in closer to talk to me, but you might not talk to me because we'd be listened to slow jazz. Lockwood volume its kind of so you never know. I mean, I think it's funny enough to maybe work. It's true. I think depending on the female should probably get a chuckle out of it. Yeah. I mean, it's probably worth a good chuckle and you she might say yes, I love smooth jazz. I love there is no awkward volume. Yeah. I love smooth jazz on Awkward, whatever you like. Well, let's make that happen. See that's the dangers either because you don't want to come on too strong. But also you come on too late. They might think you're not actually like maybe you just want to be friends. Yeah. Well or your soft, yeah, they might think you're a beta which is an L in itself. Never be the better. Never be the better always be an Alfa Romeo. Let's talk about our old pet. I actually really do I was just thinking about it man. So awesome piece. I'll start off with this story. So been over here you got a little thing of vodka that was in skull. It was a glass skull it was really cool. Name-drop be cut crystal skull has a crystal skull brand vodka. Yeah and it Was pretty tasty vodka really really cool container correction Crest correction. It's actually Crystal head Crystal had my bad. So it was it was pretty cool. And so for my 21st birthday, I was in class until I think I got out eight, but I got out early. So it was like 7 o'clock and then like ran home. God got back to the apartment. So I'm gonna open the door walked in walked right by everybody went into my room to drop off my bag and stuff and came back downstairs and all of a sudden I Their presence on the table. Also. I'm not a big cake person. Not a big cake guy pumpkin pie is obviously the alpha of all deserts. It is the epitome of the best dessert out there will not that just unset doesn't even have to be said it's so good. Anyways walked around the corner and there was a, you know, the crystal head vodka and then inside of it was a betta fish. And he was the most beautiful beta ever saw but he wasn't a beta fish. He was an alpha fish because it's only Alphas Alphas nothing but that's the thing. A lot of people didn't understand when they're like, what kind of fish is that? It's an alpha what it's an alfa fish. There is no such thing as bad as in that in our apartment. So, you know, we like to keep it clean and clear. Here's our fifth roommate. Really. I love that fish more than I thought was like possible because when I was Shopping for the fish. I read that they have personalities of their own and I thought it was just some pita people talking really putting a personality to a fish. But after we had him, you know, we put them on the counter. I'd be eating breakfast or something. I need swim right up. Watch me. I feel like we had morning camaraderie. It's just perfect way to wake up. I'd say hello to him. Every time I came home might have been a little crazy. But I loved Mensch with my whole heart. He was basically a puppy fish if someone walked in the room, he'd get really excited and Swim around his tank a lot of other betta fish that I see out here. They just like to sit still maybe hide in a corner now come out. But Mensch, he was an alpha fish. He'd come out and he would party he's a real one a real one. He's a different kind of fish in like honestly, I didn't I didn't find him amusing at all. My first car I was like, oh great. We got a fish that's exciting like some apartments have cats. Well, I took a fish over a cat. Well, so I in my opinion I was like I want a cat rather than a fish then, you know two days later. I actually learned to like that fish. It was a good little fish and you know, like he'd sit there when I was cooking something or I drink some apple juice with him, maybe pour a little bit in his bowl. That's the thing. He changed all of our perspectives on fish themselves, but unfortunately he couldn't be here forever and he passed away after one cold night, and it's still a debate on how he passed. Away in the causes leading up to it. We have some suspicions we won't say on air why because he might have been murdered man has been a mad at our good friend Jameson. Now, this is just a suspicion jamie-boy really? Well now they even know his nickname. All right, James and Jamie boy, who knows there are a lot of them out there, but he may or may not have left a window open on a really cold night because he was sleeping downstairs. Stairs on our couch right in the same spot as Manch. Oh boy. Here we go. I really hope this is James tonight. 91.7 of epcr. This is the Schmucks. I did not kill that fish. Really, you know. Well James tell us your side you but yeah, let's go get that bitch was alive that next morning after I slept on the couch and you sure know only later that we discovered him murdered by someone other than me. I think you might have murdered. Okay, who else would have murdered him though? I don't know, but I know it wasn't me. I just want to clear my name. I don't know Jameson. I'm not pointing fingers. I'm not upset mint is in a happy place now. Well, let's hope so II just think that Jameson was a little jealous that V roommate spot was taken. Yeah, you dropped a number six real quick. I think that you should have cleaned his tank more often and then he would been fine. Oh, we did it once once a month once a month and then we got a snail the did consider locking snail and she was doing the extra work, but I don't think it still is enough to clean the Oh, yeah, I think she was on motor. I don't know. I was in that tank. Yeah a little ecosystem. The fish was getting the food from the outside Source leaving food for concern a local snail was munching that away cleaning the ball keeping everything nice and clean. You know, I don't even think about the roommate situation but Jamie, but I think you might have pulled like a I don't even know what century nights. Where is anybody maybe not? Okay. You're like dude Century 14th century. We'll go with that. You're like the younger night that if you kill your brother, you will be named King and I feel like now you're definitely the fifth roommate, but I think it was kind of a spiteful kill. I'm still on the side of you being a murderer, which as I say it sounds bad, but I don't know innocent till proven guilty actually no guilty until proven innocent. So good luck. That is a travesty of dresses, but I do not accept it. Well, I mean State your case. Oh, I think he hung up. Oh, he's gone guilty cold-blooded murder guilty as charged order didn't want to support his case live to the people, but it sucked when the fish died cuz we wanted to you know, give it a viking cast off. Well, I think it's still possible. I'm pretty sure we have them Frozen right now like Han Solo, right? Yeah. We kind of Han Solo him. He's actually dead Han Solo wasn't actually dead. Yeah, and so when slow Once the river thaws out. I think we'd like to we built a little boat little cardboard boat set them Ablaze and cast them away some bigger providing us and send them out like an alpha. I'd like to I like to play a song that really honors honors meant it was one of his favorites you could just tell when it came on and he starts throwing around his tank being a happy boy. Happy first. Ladies and gentlemen, this one's for Mensch rest in peace to the king. to the alpha Nate yeah, what's something that you struggle with in school? Like, you know personally one of my many internal conflicts is probably making friends. Well, yeah, I guess we're not really your friends. That's true. We'll just you know co-hosts. Yeah rights. Your roommate was just your roommates. We don't really like you right now. I don't blame you. I think we're mainly just professional acquaintances. At best we learn to bear with each other. Yeah, really making friends. I talk to people and most of the time they scoff at me or just start laughing as soon as I make eye contact which hurts but that's silly mustache. Hey see, I get it so much that like, yeah, it probably is it's like how much like I've tried so many different forms of facial hair to try and make friends and none of them are working even clean-shaven full beard like mutton. Chops mustache goatee everything. Nobody talks to me. Yeah, I mean well figure it out. Well, you know, I've actually I got this new strategy because I've been joining clubs and most of the club's I get in there and they just laugh at me again because I'm not cool. I'm not smooth talking makes me nervous as you can tell on air. I'm not good at it. I get anxious real easy. I've lost so much sleep. It just anticipating coming onto this radio show, but that was up until I started going to the marketing Association in Plymouth State AKA Maps, you know, if you're looking to meet new friends have fun and get more involved on campus, which I was totally doing check check and check then join Maps marketing Association at Plymouth State the premier organization. We get things done in a professional way come check out our meetings every Tuesday at 8 p.m. In the Found room of prospect dining hall. We're open to all majors. Come on by. They're really warm welcoming want to make you part of their family and that's why I like it so much. Is it Maps the same program? That was gonna do real Jam? Yeah, but you know the weather just really fought against them back to the weather now, you know, it's not ideal to talk about the weather, but we're not meteorologist. So I don't really know we're talking about almost like a meteorology course not Here, huh? But I'm an interesting. Well, yeah, but I didn't I mean there's two types of talking about the weather. There's like useless like small talk talking about the weather that's completely like dumb and then there's the other type of talking about the weather where you're actually talking about whether formations different types of precipitation that kind of stuff and I would actually like to take a class on that because I mean, I don't really know anything about the weather how Oh, they predict the weather or anything like that. There's a lot to it. But I'm sure it's really interesting to learn. Well one thing that whether semi effects because weather's on this planet planet earth has a lot of different things tectonic plates anybody ever heard about those. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. There's one man in this room loves his tectonic plates that there's some magma moving. I tell you what, he knows about it for. Can you break down some tectonic plates for me? The shimmy? Okay the shakes if you tectonic plates are these giant masses of Earth that move constantly on Earth over the magma other constantly bending and flexing all over each other. The only reason I know this is because in grade school, I was kind of nerdy about tectonic plates strictly. I don't know why this got my goat in some kind of way. I got your goat. Yeah. That's a I think that's a Cornish thing. Is something that really grabs your attention? I like that got you go. So I took this hazardous Earth class. I'm still in it this semester and all I was really banking on was either talk about tectonic plates and volcanoes and sure enough. The first lessons were about tectonic plates and volcanoes. Now, do you think those tectonic plates are volcanoes could ever, you know, all fall apart at the same time and destroy the world fall apart. No, see like It's a good thing. I took tonic places, they're like constantly moving and they're constantly growing and expanding and their own like respective manner. Now, there's a is really I think there's nine major plates on the whole planet Earth. That's it. Just nine nine. Holy cow major plates major players, are there minor plates? No, there's no I guess so this just nine plates bigger. Don't quote me on that number. They're huge. Like, I mean, we'll roll with it. The Pacific Plate is All the way from California to Japan and then all the way down past Antarctica and like that. That's why that Japan has like a lot of problems with earthquakes. And so does California nominees do because of that huge plate just keeps shifting back and forth interesting. Yeah. I mean the reason that Hawaii is actually a thing is because of that shifting Pacific tectonic plate and it's slowly released magma through a hole that created those Islands if you think about the islands they kind of like they're like almost like a teardrop like bloop and then there's another one here and another one look and they all vary in size because each one of those islands is different age like by thousands of years. It's their super interesting and like, you know, I heard talk that there was going to be a new island in Hawaii. Well, it probably take quite a bit of years, but it take you know upwards of like a hundred thousand years. But yeah you were thinking, huh? Thousand years down the line when they're gone in history has no idea of us, but they do have our podcast and our radio show with the Schmucks like all those guys predicted the new Hawaiian, you know, when people cite their sources a hundred thousand years down the line, they're gonna just be listening to this. Yeah, that's MLA format Absolute Comedy when you love that if somebody if someone's writing like a big paper and they have to cite me with MLA format. I don't know. Why they'd site me because I'm not that much of a reliable source. Most things I talked about. It should be embarrassed if they cite any of us really? Why would okay maybe a little bit depends though, because all in our respective Fields if you got cop questions Ben's your guy tectonic plates for died. I'd site you will know skiing. I mean, we all know more than just the subject but I feel like that's our go-to. I am sure my I know a lot about not making friends and having a tough time with that. He's trying to get sympathy now. I want someone to call in and become my friend but much too far. Yeah, please anybody the rest of the Schmucks the outcasts me we walk in a line and I'm just like ten Paces back Nate sleeps outside on the porch now because we're just sick of him pillow throwing I feel like a feral cat Bad Kitty. You stay outside. We only let him in to eat and drink water. That's pretty much a that's a bowl to they don't even give me a cup. That's ever feeling generous. Hey, at least we give you a bowl. That's true. We could give you like one of those hamster sippers. Actually. I find any more practical. I've been thinking about installing one of those but put some apple juice in it. Oh, I hope so ring ring so many phone calls this time my good man. This is exciting everybody. Hang on 91% 7w P CR with the Schmucks. I can help you. Hello Schmucks, this is Carter. Ali Carter Babcock. Hello. I hear you talking about whether of volcanoes. Yes, sir. We got any questions II do have a question if there was a volcano to erupt right now that covered the whole world. What would we do hmm in a pop apocalyptic lipstick volcano? So that's good. Yes, if there was an eruption to cover the whole world, which it's possible yellow. So you think they're you think we It survived sections of humanity, but like the entire Alexei if Yellowstone erupted now the amount of force and like the gas and magma that would produce would totally destroy most of North American continent. Well, we have a good bit of time for Yellowstone, you know, we could kind of make a run for it. No because like the amount of force I has really yeah how quickly you think it'd be here. I think it'd be ours. Oh my gosh and depending on you know wind weather and We have to stock up on apple juice. I'll tell you what. Yeah, Carter Carter Babcock. What do you think? Yeah, but what's your plan? What's my plan? Yeah, I would develop a large tower. That would keep me safe from the lava and the lava would be unable to melt. Where would you construct that Tower? Would you do it right here in Plymouth State? I do it in my home town of Boothbay Harbor, Maine. Yeah. Okay you fellows to help me out with it, sir guy. I know a couple weld is down there. They can weld some good. You know get some good solid metal out within hours though. They'd really have to hustle. Yeah, I know. I know a good Force down there. They're good guys. Yeah. Well I meet you have some time over in Boothbay. I wouldn't be concerned about the lava. It's more about the the ash like would cover the whole atmosphere you we'd have to get like hazmat suits, correct totally sure. I mean you need breathing apparatus. I mean, it really have to make the most of your six hours available wouldn't get More vitamin D because the sun would be gone. Yeah, I think I think the whole thing you would just use everyone would die eventually, but you know, it's a matter of how long you can survive for. Well, that's the thing. How long do you want to survive? Because if everybody's you know hunting one another for food and whatnot it be I mean, I've seen a lot of movies with this scenario going down and it no one's ever thriving, you know, maybe in like a couple thousand years, but off the bat it seems kind of miserable like you think we're you think we're looking at going back to our Primal state or I think we're looking at some hungry. Everyone's dead. I'm thinking this is like said meteors when the dinosaurs, you know, I agree. I think it'd be a mass extinction event. Well, I would my goal personally would be the last one on earth to survive and then I would just, you know, be happy with death. Well, you know, it makes sense because you're definitely the youngest one out there. So yeah, so okay. Yeah, you're 14, right 18:8. Wow, four years passed by turn that got it Babcock 18 two months ago. So happy late birthday, buddy. Be glad you're all right call now thank you very much. I appreciate it. Yeah, of course. I just got my driver's license and graduating high school. It was it was a good hard for years of my life. But you know, I finally did it and now he's it boom state. So regiment good for you carded Babcock It Ain't Easy. Yeah and up in this world man. All right. Thanks for calling in Carter. No problem guys. I really enjoy your show a big fan. Okay. Thank you. Wow. That's our first official fan. I'm honored to be your first fan. We love you Carter boys. I love you, too. Bye buddy. You know all this talk about the end of the world makes me a little bit paranoid. I don't about you guys. I don't know. I feel a little bit paranoid I'd say so ladies and gentlemen. paranoid Hi, this is Morgan Freeman. Has anyone ever said you are the picture of Health? You look healthy you feel fine. But that may not be the full picture colorectal cancer is the second leading cancer killer of men and women over 50, since it doesn't always call symptoms. You may not know you have it. The only way to know is by getting screened screening can find precancerous polyps, so they can be removed before they turn into cancer. This is one cancer. You can prevent plus screening can find colorectal. What an early stage when the chance for a full recovery is very high talk with your doctor and get tested for colorectal cancer Medicare and many insurance plans help pay for screening get screened. Make sure you are the picture of Health a message from the US Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Disease Control and prevention. Welcome back to you 91.7 WPC are Plymouth with the Schmucks Schmucks Schmucks? You know, I really like hearing stuff from Morgan Freeman. I feel like I might have a good radio voice. I think Will has a great one. But Morgan Freeman, that's he's got the voice of all voices Morgan Freeman just one of those actors that like when I'm reading a book I'm reading that book in his voice. Is that possible just like your head you just think like, you know, Reading something. It's either Morgan Freeman or Christopher Walken for me. Really? Yeah, I think I'll use my own voice, but I never thought about you lying. Try using someone else's voice like Morgan Freeman's because it makes the book a lot more interesting. Yeah, my voice stinks compared to Morgan Freeman exactly. So you're eating some stupid book about, you know, Huck's raft and you doing and work for him and accent what even is Huck's raft. It's a book and reading for childhood in American history, and it's literally a nonfiction novel not tickling your fancy know. It's really a tearjerker and it's boring as all could be, you know, I wish that I read more my sister got me a book for Christmas and still working on it when I say working on it. I mean, I haven't read the first page yet, but it's a work in progress and I think I'm gonna be one of those readers that's better late than never she graduates from College University of Chicago big shout-out to Jennica right now wrapping the shirt right now. Yeah, she got me this for Christmas. I really lacking with Plymouth apparel for my family, but I'm hoping that over this break I can crack into the book. But I now we're flying out as a family to celebrate her graduation, which will be sick going to go to Chicago probably get some deep dish pizza will all be well. I mean, I'm the young buck so I can only drink apple juice right now, but after my birthday I can drink beer and I told my family first rounds on me for The Late Night Celebration of college graduation, and I can't wait and I'm hoping we can have a nice perfect. Sessional discussion about the book she gave me which I can't even name right now. But in a while ask me again, and I will know everything about that book cover to cover. I've read a handful of books for pleasure. One of them was Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. That was a cool one. Yeah, pretty funny. I also made a movie out of it. Did you see the movie? Oh, yeah, which would you prefer I prefer the book believe it or not feel like a lot of people say that yeah books are all the superior. But what other book read for pleasure. I read this book called Sasquatch Woo is about this this man on Mount st. Helens and he's looking for Sasquatch, but the whole colony of sasquatches that live in the cave systems in the volcano okay so also this is cool because this is right before bouncing Helens erupted who back in 83 or whatever that was gosh is so the man is super lost but the Sasquatch help him in there actually super smart and they use sign language to communicate rather than talking the Sasquatches yeah like the sign language that people know yeah how convenient yeah all right so like you know if you're a mute person you can conveniently talk to a Sasquatch wow that live on Mount Saint Helens that was a really good book like I was just interested in Sasquatch when I was in high school didn't really necessarily believe in him but I started as a cool concept well you know that show like hunting for Sasquatch or finding Sasquatches yeah it's on Discovery Channel maybe don't quote me on that but um I think they're still looking I don't know what season there on but I know it's been a while because I used to watch it like Middle School I used to get into that show. I was like, you know what one day every episode it's like come on the hear a howl. No, that's it. That's it. We just gotta find it. I got something on the thermal image. That's true. Yeah. Well, do you know that must be which is a little suspicious like I'm kind of into it. I know well actually been you're probably the biggest hiker here. Have you ever had any run-ins with a potential Sasquatch or maybe see him yourself biggest hiker biggest hiker. That might be a contentious point there. I think we're tied if only Tired. Okay. Okay. We both have a lot of experience for sure. Well, I guess the net for do you get the next question? But yeah that anyway tell us how it is have I run into anything definitely camping. There's been some pretty creepy or weird unexplained noises. Mmm. That's terrifying and when you can't see what's out there it's it is can be kind of a little nerve-racking. Maybe the imagination is the most dangerous weapon. Oh. that's a good saying that I mean you guys ever seen horror movies where you don't see the Monster yeah it's so scary those it's more scary when the imagination is the most dangerous weapon yeah you're frustrating towards the end though if you don't find like the monster or whatever is haunting somebody yeah but wait now Ford can you tell us have you ever had a run-in With Sasquatch um no I've you know I have you know I've always pushed think about this for a second you know this Is always been that time and you're in your tent. It's like you hear a big stick crack and you're like, you know, what what who breaks a stick that big, you know, it's not like that was a full-blown tree not just a twig whole blood 12 inches of girth. Yeah. I need a tree. If anything I've tried to impersonate Sasquatch to scare other hikers and campers rather than actually seeing them. See now you got to be dangerous turn. Not dangerous got to be careful with that because in horror movies, it's always the guy that's scaring the group that gets killed first by the actual monster. Yeah, totally but like, you know if that happened and what a way to go. I found him mission accomplished, I guess so she got devoured by a Sasquatch though. And that's also the debate are they carnivores herbivores? What if they're peaceful and no English? What if I flew in everything maybe the weather vegans? Yeah, let's hope That'd be the first thing they say yeah. Hey, I'm Sasquatch. I'm vegan. You want to hear all about it? No. No, I'm going to keep going. Yeah. No, that'd be sign language was a Squatch. I'm starting a movement. I would love to learn sign language or really any language besides English. I recently went to Montreal and everybody there spoke both French and English when you walked into a restaurant and say hello bonjour and I was there with my buddy Zach bending shout out to him because of his acts. Yeah, honestly, we went there and he would get mad because I was the ultimate tourist when I would walk in somewhere new and I like hello bonjour. I go bonjour like as French as I can muster, even though I took Spanish in high school. I felt like it was pretty good probably to somebody that speaks French. It sounds terrible, but that g at the end. Yeah Island and then they believe it right and then they start talking in French like give me the whole menu ask me how my day is all in French and nope. I don't know anything besides. Parlez-vous Francais. I must get that a lot. I mean they might have they must hate it. Yeah, so just imagine working in a restaurant and every person that walks in Bowser and they start going off in French and then I actually actually I'm an American and I only speak English. It'd be a classic American move. It would be I tell ya I'm sure every American wherever country they go to they learned the first word to say. Hello. That's what I yeah. That's what I did when I went to Korea on. Beyonce oh except there. It's very easy to tell I'm not from Korea. Yeah, they were on to me. They're suspicious off the bat this year my red hair coming and then my I was there with my buddy Devon who is rocking afro, and we really stood out. I thought that I was going to get like like you ever seen the videos of people from different countries touching people's hair like touching like afros yeah, I was gonna ask did they like touches evil? Yeah, they touched my hair and then Devon would enter the room Can I touch it and they just go over they loved Devon? Oh my gosh, they called him Kauai which we quickly learned meant cute and Devon really did well over there with the ladies. He is just an absolute weapon. Like we'd have people he got so many free back massages. They were really into that and say, oh you want a back massage Devin every time heck. Yeah, I do. I mean long days in Korea is really humid. So, you know, we'd be nice and tired and a back massage just hit different. It was a little odd the first time. I'm like this is suspicious but they're really nice people. It's part of their culture just to be lovely to everyone. Are they good at back massages? They are so good. It was like going to a personal masseuse, but they just they massage on the side. It's not even their full-time job and they are outstanding at Atari and Elementary School that they just go to masseuse school as well. I don't know about that. But I do know that a lot of them know Taekwondo that's kind of one of their biggest things there. So the square fights. Yeah, we were staying with his family. There was a young boy about our age. We're going into freshman year in high school when we went over and he was really cool. But his younger brother he was like eight years old and he was a black belt already and we asked him so many times to punch us just like his heart as he can because Devin Devin slim down a lot. He's looking great now but back in the day, he had quite a belly so he could kind of absorb anything but his kid refused. I felt like it was all from Kung Fu Panda. I was gonna say, yeah, like what's that the wushu finger hold your finger hole would be finger hold. Yeah. Hardest part of this move is cleaning it up. Not the pinky and that isn't that how we defeated Kung Li. Yeah. What a movie. Yeah, but Devon similar to that stature. Yeah, just like Poe. Yeah, it was probably just a little different. I mean, he's human but um, yeah, he wouldn't punch eyes or anything. Yeah, right. You don't have a pen. Yeah. I wish I had a panda friend that spoke but pretty much the morale of the thing is that their school fights are Much cooler than ours in America because it's black belt versus black belt fighting Taekwondo. So it's like real fights like they could be officiated kind of like not the Kung Fu Panda. What's that? Karate Kid? Yeah, the human one. Yeah, like they are real Fighters. So School fights are just next-level in Korea coming to you live. It's free period time and we've got Blackbelt versus black belt too angry 16 year olds like absolute anger starts playing. I I think hand-to-hand combat should be mandatory in elementary school. Now, how do you implement that into? I think if everyone knew hand-to-hand combat men and women and they learned it in elementary school and even high school all the years then there'd be less violence and crime. Well, there's a lot of different types of hand-to-hand combat. And what are we talking here? We talking boxing karate, Taekwondo. I'm almost thinking like stuff that the Navy Deals with iron that kind of hand-to-hand combat. We're Elementary School. I don't know. I think I would yeah well and it's like karate where you only use it when you need to. Oh, yeah this respect first and then I don't really know because I don't know hand-to-hand combat anybody out. There knows hand-to-hand combat. Feel free to call in like so three five three five thirty 33 Ford and I just think it'd be cool. I think be beneficial for Man can imagine some Society kids stealing some lunch money by God teacher bully how to utilize Kung Fu but the thing is the nerd who getting bullied would also know Kung Fu okay, too. Shy to be shy that's a very good point. He could anyone my lunch money come and get it. Yeah, or maybe the tides would turn the bully gets bullied by the nerd. Yeah. Also, I'm not sure if nerds a derogatory term. I got in trouble in my high school stats class for calling somebody a nerd. Yeah. My teacher it was like a big deal. It was my buddy. Timmy who we'd go back and forth. Just making fun of each other, you know, his buddies do what he's doing and my teacher I called him a nerd in front of class. And he was laughing. She's like Nathan don't you dare ever call somebody a nerd and you know what? I think somebody used to call her a nerd but like again, I don't that's the last time I called somebody a nerd in public that well I still call my friends know. It's because like you were being a nerd you're a nerd. Yeah, but I don't use I would never call somebody that is nerdy. I guess a nerd. I don't know it feels mean but you see now if your teacher back in the day Newsom Taekwondo. She probably wouldn't have been upset that you called your buddy honored she would just beat me up. Yeah, she probably just would have come over wait wait wait down goes in the Faneuil batch. Yeah, I only say nerd and Bully just for that stereotype. Oh stereotypical context so you can Story, well, I don't think nerd is that derogatory the name anymore? Like I don't think it's a bad name in a sense because in in my opinion anyways, like if you're a nerd then you're really knowledgeable about something and you care about something and you're passionate about something. So like if someone called me and World War II nerd then hey that ain't it. That ain't no that ain't no insult to me. I like that there used to be a sign in my high school. That would pretty much. Promote being a nerd and they're like make fun of the Nerds now, but you'll be working for him one day. Yeah. Yeah, totally true nerds are extremely successful. So shout out all the Nerds out there. I feel like nerd. Yeah could be really used as a compliment. Yeah. Hey, you're a basketball nerd. It's true. Yeah, I really liked basketball. I'm totally basketball nerd sure. I like that. I mean, it's just yeah, I guess it could be utilized as a compliment or I could say. You're just a nerd which means you're doing well in your classes. You're sweet. But also sour like the candy added to the pickup lines. Are you a nerd because you're sweet and sour who asked that to a girl classes. Whoa, I wonder if she'd be offended not that on there's where glass. I don't know. I don't know if we're walking a thin line if we're finding any nerds out there all and if you identify as a narrative actually speaking of the nerd getting good grades and stuff six-week great. Come out today. Really? How's everybody feeling out there pulling State University but a little nervous ticks. We grade. I have a just took a midterm and terrorism and counterterrorism and I kind of forgot to study all that hard and it was one of those things where I looked at it and just wanted to leave but I filled it out completely and today's the day actually it comes to a clock after I go to my aging are perspectives on Aging class. I have to today. It's just gonna not go. Well if anybody wants to call in tell us how there Six feet grades are going feel free to give us a buzz at six. Oh, three five three five thirty thirty. Let us know and it's semester nightmares or maybe things are going really well. We'd love to hear both. I just don't check my grades. So then I'm just hoping for the best. It's like I guess I promise not a bad way to do it because if you try your hardest, yeah, give a for effort probably might get an A in the class. That's a B+ in my head. That's all I need. That's true. Actually, it's a big learning Day or B. Plus. I have a people get the Is as they say these get degrees these get degrees nowadays. Everyone's yeah. Everyone's getting degrees. Yeah, heck. Yeah, you wanted a great you want a degree? Everybody gets a degree everybody check on your chair because there's a degree under there. Here we go. I'm excited ring ring 91.7 WPC are Plymouth your listen to the Schmucks. What's going on? I just want to talk about my sixth to eighth grade. My name is Nicole Nicole. Give us the scoop fellow said how you feeling about your six weeks. Red's it's fine and lovely day. I'm actually feeling really confident about my 6-week grades. I have all A's and B's I passed step aerobics. So I'm a pretty happy camper not gonna lie. What they do get fit. Yeah if it takes us down. Oh, no. That was fun. Good for you. Nicole stick with those grades. Keep up the good work another six weeks and I'll be rocking towards that degree here an inspiration to us all yeah, really? I'm not we have a lot more listeners in the morning than mine. This is great step aerobics. I feel like we're much more funnier at night though. Who knows? Hey, maybe if the people I don't know. Hey, yeah. I mean, yeah, if only we knew who actually listened on the radio because there's really no way to tell so I guess keep calling in if you're listening. The sun modify this Spotify was a Spotify thing like, you know, shout out like oh, yeah actually, um, okay because I feel like the majority of our listeners are from our podcast. So shout-out to the podcast if you're listening especially this deep into the show because we appreciate it. We need you guys to you know, keep going actually I hate these we don't need you. We really don't whether we want we make those for our own pleasure. But also if you want to check out our Spotify we are the Schmucks. It's on Spotify and feel free to search us up. I think actually that's really all the information. I have schm you see KS, and there's a picture of the four of us that are before Schmucks and our favorite t-shirts Mmm Yeah at our favorite Apple Juice Spot Hong Kong Hong Kong Plymouth, New Hampshire, 25 cents off white rice. Hey, that's free advertising. We should really, you know, maybe we can go there come the door. Yeah. I think we can get into that. All right. And gentlemen, it's it's almost 11 o'clock. It's 10:59 of this time. You gotta call it quits at 11:00 so duties to attend to anybody have anything else to say before we sign off the air. Hey, man, I'm feeling like an All-Star right now. Yeah, I mean everybody's an All-Star because beautiful day in Plymouth, New Hampshire. We all just wait. I have one thing now you just ruined it. Okay, I just alright, so I was gonna last well now I'm nervous not I would just like to go around. And and say how does everyone feel about the show if the Schmucks can give a schmuck radii are not even a rating just your overall experience then just mucking. Yeah, there's marketing. Well, did you have a good time today? It's the schmuck and I'm going to leave it at that. Okay Ford. Yeah. Yeah. I had a good time. That's four for four because I had a good time. Nope. Yep. Maybe how do we have to restate our perfect Fade Out let's totally do it. So I was everybody feeling out there today. I feel like an All-Star like I feel like I should. Smash Mouth ping ping killing are right now free time. Yes, it does not coming and they don't stop coming fed to the rules and I hit the ground running didn't make sense not to live for fun. Your brain gets smart, but your head gets dumb so much to do so much to see so what's wrong with taking the back streets. You'll never know if you don't go. - I'm if you don't glow Hey Now You're an all star get your game on go play hey now you're a rock star get the show on get paid it's a cool place and they say it gets colder you're bundled up now wait till you get older but the media men beg to differ judging by the hole in the satellite picture the Ice Queen this game is getting pretty thin the waters getting warm so you might as well swim but worlds on fire how about yours that's the way I like it and I'll never get bored