Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty funny.Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my parents told me. Oh don't respond people. You don't know but I picked up the photos like would you like to buy whenever I was like the other day instead of the number just said spammers. It's called. Yeah, my mother's announcer. This is has been race. One of my one of my favorite things is like New Year's Eve. My Uncle Jimmy. He's a great guy. He's a legit works for school not in this area, but he he responded to a Spam collar and like a grandma kind of accent. So he actually has good music. Oh, hey, sweetie. I had no idea. What's going on? And I was we were all cracking up the car will drive it back to my house a little side note. We are rights out of a side of a bathroom. So he really urinal little sink maybe blow dryer action. Never mind that it'll be fine. Just you know, it's you do apologize for that, but we don't want to be in the hallway scenery anymore somewhere new you are in a new place. We have a middle of the bathroom knocks, but window. You right here second floor all the second for others the magically a broken pencil on the roof and we have no idea how I got there it probably through it. All it definitely threw through it on the roof. Well speaking about the spammy things you all will hurt about that Bloomberg ads of yeah, we get no no, listen speaking of Bloomberg. He's out like he's finished. He's done it out. Yeah, we were originally going to talk about the ads make fun of him. It's but now he's out. He has finished man. He's endorsed. Gel. Joe's gonna have a stroke an obvious point but his ads were very annoying and I'm glad to see that the reign of terror when I assume we're not getting political hear a train at are we just mean I was popping on that. This guy was not a just his hands super Tuesday. I just read this. I literally have a couple minutes ago. He spent why Now they were just kind of like basic. I've seen so many ads and probably about 90% of the time I had no idea they were Mike Bloomberg and I think I like the very end. Best part to me was member hecqs during the Super Bowl when you're watching this. It would go black the screen would like at the end of my approve the special sound. Like I'm just trying to watch the Super it wouldn't even be a about on we can we just talk about something random and very good. Come on inside. I'm Mike Bloomberg and I approve this message speaking of weird stuff. Hi, I'm David and I would be in the viral High School Musical Guys and Dolls. I think you should all see it really good. I'm going to see it but mainly because I was forced into see well John made a little deal with me saying if I gotta roll you can go see it and I do play the role of Lieutenant Brannigan top of the show, but you're actually you actually did get a roll. Yeah, apparently, I'm the only freshman with the speed. Currently it's like two and a half hours long. Are you serious is here's what I think 14 freshman. I was the only freshman get AC and it's not even a small one. I told you this is this is pretty big stuff. But yeah, if you are if you like musicals if you like acting them, March 12th to the 15th, I sorry I did not know the times but it's pretty good stuff. Lou's pretty good acting. Come see me. If you point me out. Give me a high say hi guys. Probably since we're plugging things in thank you for Instagram multi-media underscore madness. Please actually going to be doing qh the future ask questions, you know, I don't care if it's personal business, whatever you want and throw it on there baby speaking of the Musical one of the days that the musical is going to be on it's a Saturday and of course that leads us to our next topic. A cold Saturday morning cartoons. It's like waking up on a Saturday morning at whatever cost and when we think about like Looney Tunes or what are we talking? No, but you weren't kidding. You just watch it that Saturday morning cartoon. And you know, we like Scooby-Doo Cartoon Network. That's a huge one. That was always a big Boomerang remember Boomerang. Yeah, I never watch. Yeah, he dropped out of Maryland. Yeah, that was her superintendent. That was that was the man the myth the legend. Dr. Richardson. I would sit down on Nickelodeon if you wake up at like 5:30 in the morning and still are smoking does that now because it no longer because it's under Cartoon Network. It just shows border shows. I think Boomerang doesn't want to check our us. I'm a coward. I was just like Fairly OddParents as I was sure that I was okay. I mean Danny Phantom. I remember I vaguely remember I had to Game Boy game and I vaguely remember watching that because that's an old that's an old show. Well, I remember when I was a kid. I never really got to watch all the shows. Scooby-Doo was my big dick, but when it first started come out, I watched Music World of Gumball you can watch that that was a pretty interesting chauffeurs. Yeah, I was definitely interesting stuff speaking of nice sunny weather. You know, it's Saturday Rita's who don't have readers I spring is coming and Rita's. I've noticed things here guys. It's look at it technically spring is still coming. It's a beautiful room. There's yesterday, but it's very nice. But speaking of Rita's I went there yesterday actually and it was it was good stuff readers. It wasn't that busy. I don't think many people are aware that we just opened at the moment, but it definitely is it's good stuff. This isn't a traditional most I haven't had it in a while though. Yeah. Yeah, beautiful thing about me is I actually like the custard for now. They're custards. Okay? Yeah, whatever I do. Whatever it is, I'll either get you know, they're infamously Kasich straw straw Swedish fish. That's it, or I'll yeah this week. Orange cream customer and start they have some have some gets on top. You know how last week we're talking about old Secretary Queen and their version of the share market shake and how it does as well. They don't really have Chevron Shakespeare had to Lobby or its gelato. Gelato. Gelato has are interesting. I guess. I wonder what they thought would ever make it that like, let's take some of this ice cream Shove It Off. Yeah, it's kind of weird how they do that. But Rita's is really good on I'm personally excited that it's back during the spring and summer seasons a lot of people. Like a lot of people like to drink lemonade and that brings us to our next topic a communist leader mixed with lemonade you get lemonade. So it's like, you know, it's like three bucks a pop. It's it's what you need is interesting product. Now, most of you probably haven't heard of it and that's why we're not sponsored. We're not sponsored not sponsored by Lemonade. That was my bad last week, but what do you need is It's a joke drink that's common and you know, just like buffalo chicken. So that's yeah, that's disgusting. Now. I bought two bottles of lemonade for 12 bucks. Both those ones cost six. Sorry folks. That's just the bathroom will stand by guys doesn't the shipping like cost like way more than the after shipping. Yeah, if you go on Amazon, you can buy like I think a thing of lemonade for 35 But the worst part about it is the shipping. Yeah ship because like $35 it's out of this world, but this stuff is pretty good. This is sweet. Sweet taking us to it. Do you have it for you? So you can see a strange because your volume folks. Yeah. It's just a story behind it and some was good a joke thing between two friends. Hello. Produced it at the same time. I was thinking what were these people thinking like, they're like What's the guide the design on the bottle is actually like really good. Yeah, what's a hammer and sickle at the hammer and sickle good job. It's like like really well produced. It looks really good. I think the thing is for one of the things all the bottles like for a nice drink for a cold War's. I'm sorry. But it's just funny stuffed. Yeah, text me when I sell talking about lemonade that we're also talking about food on this podcast and we're going to talk about Joey's world for so our theme for this week is gonna be doing some food reviewing later. Now you have up in a bit. But so I put this in and some of you might be aware of the pretty Infamous Food Channel notice Joey's World Tour. He did an entire thing with how we Like you tell her like oh and the baking soda do that was hilarious baking soda challenge. It was disturbing. He's a pretty 50 age-restricted. I mean the guys like chowing down and some I've seen how much I saw him eat. I think there's a video of him getting like a like a huge bowl of nachos. What I'm talking about is so he one of his more recent videos was a food review of the Wendy's breakfast, which we are going to be doing here sure, which will be doing that here in a minute. I believe it was the sausage egg cheese sandwich show what I got I bleep said I might be what Alan And what he did was literally he got it. He was like looking at it using the review. Hey just shoveled it like this and it's like it's weird because it's like eating a really fast I won't go into detail about like but he makes noises are Heats. That's an undeniable thing. But while he's eating he's like you makes poisonous really weird noises and it's almost horrifying to think what if you just know walking down to one of these one day he got your you got your Baconator. Yeah, you think I'm making this guy with the camera and he shoveled a watch. I feel like I'd be traumatized. What what am I looking at? Joe is what Teresa? He's a he's a fun guy. So we've talked about a lot. We're going to take a short break and one more back and when we come back, we will be reviewing our Wendy's breakfast also later in the episode. We'll talk about the top 5 S words. Oh, yeah and internet historian to be a great episode. So feel free to I don't know grab a drink pause the video and pause the podcast and grab a drink food popcorn and we'll be back here in a minute. Okay, and we're back with our special guest right here. Mr. Fleming. Yeah, dudes. I'm stoked to see this Sammy. Yeah. Well, I hope you guys are all so stoked to eat your listen to us review. Our Sammy's are I'm going to just quickly pass up the F stuff right there. All I have the breakfast Baconator. All righty the Bold Choice. What do you got? Good old mr. Fleming. Looks like we got a bacon egg and cheese biscuit sandwich. I got the butter chicken that is there any other chicken butter like dripping off and I got the sausage egg cheese McMuffin hybrid thing. Well, it's not the McDonald's but you know, well, aren't we all going to take our first bite? So we're going to review what we say. All right. - eats Vibes this tastes like a sheets. Yeah breakfast. I've never had this taste before because it's like the burger and then it's like bacon and then like an egg. Like I've all had those but I would think I've ever had them all at once. It's not bad. It's pretty good. What a bold breakfast Innovation. I know using my sandwich has like the honey is kind of Stuck to the it's soaked into them the skipper hurt. So I don't know why I'm being like a really I was a serpent Vibe. I'm getting I really want the food to describe it as but it's it tastes kind of funny but in a good way. Yeah, so they've Nader's pretty good. I like it interesting. So we got a good for the Baconator. What about you like you like your sandwich? Yeah, mine tastes. I'm comparing it to McDonald's but compare McDonald's, it tastes better than McDonald's. It tastes. Like he said a lot of sheets Bob's it does taste pretty good. I need something more with my knee more flavor. I mean, I've got some good like put some more clay got standard like your egg some good like greasy bacon, but like I need help he knows I need a bold zesty sauce. Maybe a big ol onion. Yeah. Just yeah just a little to push it over the Finish Line. I mean, this is possible if I'm like driving. Being in it's late. And I don't like my life a little bit. I'll get one of these but you're out at the boys. Let's say, you know, the boy died. Don't midnight just rolling the balls. However the blast or are you watch the really late movie? You just need to pick me up you drive down to Wendy's there's no I'd it's completely big if we got the street life sciences. It's it's good, but I don't think this would be my first choice was it is it all day. It goes pretty late. Does it go like till 2:00 in the morning? So I don't know but this is an all-day breakfast that is a big deal. It's just definitely seems like something you would pick up if you need a little little midnight snack and guess you could say good stuff good breakfast Baconator with how much stuff is on it. It's actually a pretty good blend of flavors the visuals don't want you back. Yeah, that's and yeah actually, okay. It's Tastes like a like I get Baconator Vibes, but it just has an egg on it. But it's that's what it is. It's it's pretty good. I enjoy it. I think that's something that would make me go to Wendy's in the morning. If I knew a Baconator was there waiting for me this I don't know like I did I would not go out of my way. I just be like, okay just going to Sheets. Maybe get like some mix it up a little bit customize it. Yeah, but I'd know that looks cool. I finally figured it out. What that tastes was it tastes kind of like Maple as a is not syrup, but just I want to say like maple extract if you have maple candy, that's probably what I'm worth. Now. We know the taste of it. Let's get down to that price. So for all of our sandwiches, except mine and um, oh except mine and John they were three bucks because we're three bucks. Yeah. Yeah, I can breathe Johnny. A pretty hefty interest. Yes, they can eat her. That was four bucks. We sorry you think you think that's pretty yeah, this is this is worth it this I would get this again. It's already yeah, I was 320 which I'm just going to round two round three and a half dollars. Yeah. Yeah, I would definitely come here to like McDonald's breakfast. Everything's just so overload. It didn't taste of salty which I can definitely respect that I could use a hash brown on these. Throw hash brownies, which is 2 for the breakfast items. They don't have hash marks. They have like the potato slices weather. Probably just like yeah you taste like, how do you get that for this experience with other think we needed that? Yeah, but I would almost excuse me. Imagine that the two are similar to like, hmm. Oh, no, it's I know my vocab for this is basically just pretty good. But this it's not great. But it's like I would get this again. It's a it's a it's I can't really find the work. It's it's a good sandwich, but it's not a top sandwich like the Baconator obviously still better than this but I think out of all the breakfast foods. This might be talk to you on what else do they have on the list? Well, there's like, I think the only Items brought croissant ones and when I have with that is I think that's true Frankie. Hmm. What is it was just because biscuits are supposed to be like all part of your mouth. Very delicate. This must be good and normally fast food chains, you do a pretty good job with biscuits but croissants. I can't really see because even if they get imported croissants, You don't you need a special kind of egg white needs to be able to fall apart your mouth and just gonna like all over. Not really. Not really what I would expect for a sandwich like this. Their first impression obviously, I think it's the first time I've ever done this it's not bad. It's definitely pretty good. I think they will. I think they will may be capitalized on it and do a little bit better in the future might add some new menus and stuff see how it takes off. But I think this would be something everybody should try in the future just to you know, see how it tastes to them. So, how do you think it Stacks up against other breakfast places other fast food breakfast? Fast food was at gonna still Arby's breakfast Avast. Ye the best. I mean McDonald's it's like everything has that grease taste to it. Arby's you've got wraps. You've got Sammy's you got different situations. Like I'll go to work earlier to go to Arby's I that Baconator. I don't know. I might get out of bed 10 minutes early for that. Yeah this it does look tasty. It's got a visual appeal. Yeah, yeah with them. I feel like what when you stuff we hitting at the moment early, maybe it's just our bodies in general these got our order like we didn't add something we didn't want them to add even overcook it or under credit as far as I can tell. I'm sure none of them spat in her food. I would assume that's just now. Yeah, but McDonald's has a very very bad history. You could say I'm just normally if you order something like say you want. Egg sausage sandwich without sausage or maybe without cheese. You still put it on. Oh, yeah, and that's just a really nuisance as thing. So unless you like order the item exactly right or magically this someday they get it, right. It kind of gets a noisy field away this one. Sorry I did read about like the rollout for this and it's like part of it with the Wendy's rollout was like they have a limited menu so that they don't Need to train a lot of people or get like a ton of new equipment. So like, you know all this stuff. It's like it's you know, it's like what are the big items on there? You got the potatoes thing that's sort of different but then the sandwiches are basically the same except like the type of but so they have a very like stripped-down breakfast menu so that maybe kind of go and we get a saying as far as messing up the order like it's hard to mess this up. Yeah. Yeah, here's what I'll give Wendy's props for though. I saw that as a sign auction. We now have apple slices now. I don't know like best apple slices are exactly like top quality. But this is a healthier option. I mean with like McDonald's kids meals to get apple slices, but that's just something you dip into the caramel or if they still have that you get out yet. Yeah, they have like 70 cents. You can buy small bottles. Yeah. We're okay that makes you know, obviously with the drink right there in the morning OJ get you up get you moving. So as far as Wendy's goes, it's definitely interesting approach. I'll say that that's their food is A little better than others not the greatest but little better than others. They have a better idea of what they're doing a little healthier options. I will met so yeah 7 out of 10 6 out of 10. I might go eight honestly, you know 7.5 our old 7.5. I've had a lot better. But this Baconator does is this is the highlight of this I think I'm going to give it probably also 7. It's for me. It's just it's good but serviceable. It's serviceable. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I got a little spicy on the end there. I like a rowing hotness. It actually tasted pretty good. See that's what I was craving here folks. I need flavor. I need I need to get an onion some hot sauce. Jalapa know if you speaking. Oh actually Wendy's campaign. Well, we're driving to what is this morning? Turns out there was a new poster. They covered the billboard actually say billboard. There's a new billboard on thing the how sorry about that. There are two people here. Yeah, it took him away at our special guests here. Yeah, it just it's interesting how Wendy's is approaching the second so you can say aye I was never there for one McDonald's rolled out their breakfast items. It's long time ago and actually Wendy's did have like breakfast at one point. Do they have a purpose as one of their own that I'd like it was a Wendy's breakfast. I feel like at one point they had a like McDonald's also had pizza. I think Donald's there's if you go that dolls at pizza because the hot dogs Just for this is all the failed products that might do an episode. We're reviewing McDonald's build things. But at the road we're sticking with Wendy's so that you boys finish your sandwiches you finish your stuff just flavor-wise. What is a final flavor you can I get for this? I don't know. I don't for me. I got like a sticky kind of like scheming. Apple I got there is some spice in the sauce. Yeah. Yeah, I did. That was that was okay. It was all around a million above average sandwich. I call it happening. Yeah, that's fine. I'll fuck a biscuit thing. And that thing remind me of the KFC's biscuits that they give you and it you know it. Yeah, the bread I have is just like a normal sandwich. Like if you would go to Wendy's and Normal sandwich, that wasn't breakfast if it's a brioche bun what the fancy terms are. Wow. I don't know the punished. It's called a pumpkin they could be all right. Mr. Fleming you want final flavor profile. I mean like I think again luggage and what Cheez-Its this is your standard sheet sandwich. Okay, execution pretty good. You got the job done, but nothing to like call home about. All right. Thank you for joining us on this episode of multimedia. Dia Madness, mr. Fleming. Look forward to talking to you in the future. All right. My pleasure like And subscribe my YouTube channel. Yeah, that's some solid vids on there. All right. Now my I say speaking of KFC. What's up the new KFC breakfast sandwich now, we're on the topic of Memphis. But what I'm talking about is their doughnut chicken thing now, Don't teach many ways. So watch TV, but there were suffering to add for breakfast. Like it was two glazed donut. Yeah that doughnut chicken thing. Yeah, two glazed donuts. In other area good big pig a chicken. Now that seems like something you'd find on a carnival for what it seems like. Yeah. That was it. That's just like that's very American. Oh, that's a doughnut a piece of fried chicken. I know KFC. I don't know if they still do it, but they used to do. Chicken and Waffles. Oh, yeah, but that's just that's that's like sugar over. Well not now is sugar overload, but just grease and fat sweetness over loader. Well, you got two glazed donuts in a sandwich bun with fried chicken. Yeah, that's in the middle. How does she think guys cow realize the thing is with me? I don't come I cannot combine things like that. Say I have some ice cream and some people be like, let's throw some Gummy fish on that or something like well first off they get hard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and I'm like no like when I want some chocolate syrup. I want some granola Eminem something that goes well with that category and I gotta go away just like chicken and donuts. That's yeah you feel like that's like the complete opposite of the spectrum. Yeah. It's the same thing with like chicken and waffles, but she gave me waffles is you know, you got your crunchy sweet and he got your sticky syrup will Auto extra sweet. You got your nice salty Kentucky Fried Chicken. And this is something that but with glazed doughnuts that's sticky glaze Enos with the airiness of a fried donut. It probably is a lot more unhealthy than actually normal doughnuts. And then you got your Fried Chicken, which it's a pretty big piece of chicken too. It's just covered. So it's really the buns are soft but the chicken is crunchy. So when you press down on it I just don't I don't see the appeal. I don't know why they would even make this. It doesn't look very good. Okay, if she does have a kind of a history of making bad along with McDonald's products. Yeah. No. No, that was Arby's eating Arby's make the ketchup milkshake I've ever heard of that never heard of never one to. Oh nobody better my home free time. I have been something else. I thought I saw. Oh, I think it was Burger King Burger King me. Ketchup never looks now Burger King sounds like that type of people do that. Yeah Burger King looks like they're going into the ground. Yeah, they're Cannon it there. They just don't care anymore. But the end of this decade I wouldn't be surprised if we're getting like chapter 11 Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Like I wouldn't doubt it. I really would. Yeah, it's probably stuff just like burgers going to generals. Yeah, just fast food in general like all I feel like it's kind of the industry is kind of declining. But Burger King just like a mom. Yeah, they're looking to hit rock bottom like he with their ideas cars caught fire in our town. Yeah Burger King. Our town has caught on fire and it's multiple. Yeah, close multiple times and exhaust can't fire that one time. There's two years ago. I remember that the McDonald's was closed a couple weeks ago. They were remodeling it. We know where that yeah all I got to stop in there. I didn't know they were doing yeah, a lot of fast food businesses are either trying to up their game or there or what they're doing. trying to try to put out new products specifically. I think we need to do next week. When you do a segment about the social media teams in the wars. Have you seen Wendy's and their social media team? Oh, yeah, like the way yeah. What is Wednesday when we day? You know, what were they going on Facebook? And they roast people? Yeah. That's what I'm talking to. You gotta talk about that next week. That's for next week. I don't know what's a while they'll just roast people speaking of all, right. So we're gonna go a little wrap up. So you have internet topics good old internet is Rin it's guys that guy's hilarious. This is a 50-minute video funny. It's pretty funny channel here review. These are events pretty much. I mean there was yeah Fallout 76 which is 16 times the detail. I lost a few that's so funny. Well because both of these six is pretty Infamous to be you know, and I want to say an epic failure, but they did they definitely did do very well at launch and then that was simply with no man's sky but they're still not that I think still can't like the games in Fallout 76 and no man's sky is the production team. No, man's Sky actually decided to fix the game. Yeah and start updates 576 but that's the didn't do much. It wasn't bethesda's mean it wasn't Bethesda was it was it was a branch? Yeah, but ran Jeffrey what internet historians were interesting episodes. I guess you could say is small he will not divide us here. Oh my dude, I didn't know about this. I never knew about this and it's amazing how you can get all walks of the internet to come together. And just do some Matt like something out of a James Bond movie, you know use the constellations to find where they're looking on the airplane. Is that airplane? That's just flew over, you know get on the like tractor side. You know what Alex talking about. This is a it's an event with Shia LaBeouf where when Trump was elected Sheriff of how to make like a media area where he used flags and stuff that said, he will not divide us and what are the most interesting in my opinion? One of the most interesting episodes at least was I believe? Third one. Where is that what it was in the the Tennessee thing? Yeah. That was the best one. It was your day Hennessy. He like hug a flag up on a thing and these people they came together the used airplane streams. They use local environments. They use Sunset and the sound and they found because people were saying that Shia was seen fly fishing and that area and then some dude snuck in at night James Bond style. As for my cough I do have a small bit of a cold but anyway episode 4 of that as well. They did Hoover pool open. That was it. What did I believe at? One of the Museum's there and they hit it on the roof over the museum and this is like if you guys ever play Watch Dogs to their minds of those gracyk Euros or the Sakura buildings. Yeah, the ctOS buildings. It is one of those and they put a flag on it. I'm talking armed policemen. I'm talking armed security guards on top of the law. Watch this is legitimately James Bond and well, it was interesting. Yeah, because the flag had a sensor on it that anything were to go past the camera that was unusual police would be set out immediately or piece will be awarded. I sensed a security was pretty hard to get and like people they tried pretty interesting study. It was pledged with drones people were trying to get naked jobs there to go up on the top floor, but I think was most interesting of all of us how it got taken Dad wasn't like a drone, you know, it was by just a random team that was you know, just climbing around. Hey, yeah. Alright. So I recommend checking out internet historian. He's an interesting guy and we're gonna finish up our segment with good old John here. It is top five of this week. So this week's top 5 is the top 5S words all times and This is a great topic many of you most likely have not thought of us. So number five. We have Sweden and for obvious reasons Sweden is on here. Sweden has Swedish meatballs, and of course our Scandinavian Brothers. It's a great time. I just like saying that sweet and I feel like it's just Swiss I don't know. Yes, that's what you're wearing. Oh shoot. It is my bad guys that is which is not sweet. Yeah, it's not Sweden. Don't listen to me. Yeah Sweden great time personally never been but you know, um, and so at number 4, we have the Soviet Union. Oh, what's a good medicine? The Soviet Union is a great blend of country was was sorry. Thank you Alec. It was a great blend of countries ranging from Ukraine to Hungary all the way to our motherland of Russia. Oh good old Russia strawberry. It's an amazing display of Communism without interference from capitalist pigs. All right, what's number three and then number three we have Smash Bros. That's my game. It's David's game. Obviously. Well, if you look around I mean, it's everywhere. I mean we got smash holes and we forgot to mention we boot from the the bathroom area into the actual multimedia web design. Yeah. We're we're really getting here we got about three more minutes until yeah. So we're going to try and wrap this up number two, if succotash what is that? I don't even know what that Succotash will definitely take it flavortown. Honestly, you cannot argue with that. Succotash succotash is mostly of sweet corn and lima beans. So that's that's a great food. And as we wrap up here the number 1s word of all time. This is really a word. It's more of a phrase or song Sweet Home, Alabama. Oh, that's yeah, obviously, what was that song release? Probably like the 80s? No, it was not naughty, baby. Except it's like the 70s. Maybe he was just 17 when I think of that I think of a sunny like a fade off like here's the poem going and then the sunniness Golden Field Goldenrod Fields. Just zooming out and like flat area which you know, I don't know you're fun at like Ohio. I don't know about our dogs from Alabama actually Birmingham, but oh, yeah, that's interesting stuff. It's just it's Also in Despicable Me. Okay, right before again Despicable Me was released in 1974. So Alex you are yeah, see I know my stuff. But yeah, that's pretty much all we have for this week. He yeah that's covered everything. We like we said this would be longer. We weren't Rush this time. We got everything figured out and I would like to thank everybody that's been listening. We hit 70 views overall, which doesn't sound like a lot but we thought was thing was going to going three Yeah, and again, please follow our Instagram not because I want to be selfish or we want to be selfish. It's because we're going to do q and A's in a feud future and I want to get good questions in so that would be multimedia one word underscore Madness all lowercase. Please follow it. Thanks for all of youse guys the words. Mr. Flegg. This is good stuff. It is very good stuff amazing stuff. Thank you guys so much for listening. Please follow Instagram will get great updates and We are going to see you next week. I'm John. I'm David and I'm Alec will see you next week, baby. Thanks for the views.