Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are as a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago Sauvignon is a very familiar passage in the scripture by the way conquer Europe. Oh I first time ago Marie remake of a poem type num preacher non-interactive so but - ah before got nothing in your parasite in you Sabine you amen Pastor Paris opinion, but - I've been a mom for comparative in yo Sabina. Amen, Pastor Paris either way more responsive Christian spiritual yoga. piranha Matthew chapter 25 verse 14. I saw Beauty toe again. It will be like a man going on a journey who called his servants and entrusted his wealth to them to one. He gave five bags of gold to another two bags and to another one bag each according to his ability. Then he went on his journey. The man who had received five bags of gold went up. Once and put his money to work and gained five bucks more verse 17. So also the one with two bags of gold gained two more but the one who had received one bag went off down the hole in the ground and hid his master's money. Rikka: Miranda Master additional Lugar Yong Yong Yong Yong Yong servants happen again. Para avanzar compare base and according to their ability. There are so many scriptures are verse 19 after a long time. The master of those servants returned and settled accounts with them. The one who had received five bags of gold brought the other five and he said Master you have entrusted me with five bags of gold see I have gained five more verse 21 something you put his master replied. Well done good and faithful servant. You have been faithful with a few things. I will put you in charge of many things come and share your Masters happiness. The one with two bags of gold also came and said Master you entrusted me with two bags of gold and see I have gained two more verse 23. His master replied. Well done good and faithful servant. You have been faithful with a few things. I will put you in charge of many things come and share your Masters happiness verse 24, then the man who had received one bag of gold game and he said master. I knew you were a hard man harvesting crops where you have not sown and Gathering where you have not scattered seed so I was afraid and went out and huge hit your goal on the ground. See here is what belongs to you. Verse 26 his master replied you Wicked and lazy servant so you knew that I harvest where I have not sown and gather where I have not scattered seed. Well, then you should have put my money on deposit with the banker so that when I return so people started me my Jesus will return God will return when I return I would have received it back with interest verse 28. So the so take the bag of gold from him and give it to the one who are stand bags. Your Chi is is a maricha dial the he'll be knowin ya ebony Gate Park Vanessa marunong sample at this point to see if you don't use it. You will lose it for whoever has we forever for whoever has will be for whoever has much will be given more and they will have abundance but whoever does not have even what they have will be taken from them and throw the worthless servant. Outside in the darkness where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth when you burn technology in your database. It's more than elevation. It's more than elevation something European with convictions of a messiah is more. It's more than elevation. How can anyone lamarca patina and just now you make us about what is a satin God Knows Your Capacity along just and capacity that number what is happen? So when God says you can do it it can be done. So when God says you can handle it you can handle it and when God says you are enough you are enough, but she not been unpacking on that. You can do all things through Christ who strengthens him. I believe that I am sinner. You know on it can be done at tied for her garnica by it and Joseph who I'm oh tiger. No Kappa. I am on gigantic artisanal but most of them Pinnacle Island, I believe with all my heart. There is always something God has prepared for you. There's still another level tight. Nenana and position Netanyahu Cebu. Hi, there's still another level tight. My Amanda is happening in more. There's still another level caetano nobuta. Nothing's up high. There's still another level God is faithful. Yes, but there's still another level Madam Park ji-sung Leather. So Young studies made up another level Paris a young career Major Impact on another level Paris a young family made him pack another level Paris about what area Manhattan buhai because 2020 is going to be a year of upgrades. And I believe with all my heart ma petite. I'm selecting new levels. I am marching orders company knows happen. So don't 2020 but God will take us to places that we've never been before because God wanted you and I to experience God's best. God wants you and I to experience God's best. God wants to challenge and inviting you Michael, but it Please refuse to settle for less because God has another level in your life. Please refuse my capacity to settle for mediocrity because God has another level in our life 2020 is not going to be an extension of 2019 because 2020 is going to the to be a year of upgrades a year of new levels in Jesus name eating and you upon gotta be most happy music at the BMO. I am upgrading. I am expanding I believe in our capacity that we are a breed of grading. We are expanding we are moving forward. They make it with a memo parapara. Samanya. We are making a difference. There's still another level in our life. I'm going to do what God says. I will do and I will walk in a manner worthy of the calling to which I have been called. I believe it's time to change. It's time to change. It's time to speed up some sort of Mobility business and another okay number same ago, but now and jacket my a little girl. Hallelujah Shuns boost to nothing and breakthrough I owe nothing Lovin. We want breakthroughs, but we don't want to fight we want we want and we want anointing from God, but but we don't want to pay the price of the anointing Next Level blessing requires Next Level habits. I let me back up a bit. Sometimes human now level habits Hindi Mo operating the Lancer Next Level blessing. Think about that my mom and now level habit steiermark about 8090 nothing fighting the links and Next Level blessing. Are you hearing me? Are you following me? Elevate them? You've got to be able to be more independent. You must try lights, but the thing the Llama capacity to the promised land and I'm sobbing on scripture Mark uppity Humana. You mean upper young gardenia from Heaven Hallelujah. Ooh be Play Born young gardenia from Heaven. None of Baca in second illa for 40 years, but don't own the land Promised Land as have been a scripture Joshua 5 you Manna stopped? Whom into yum soup line on Tina by the promised land asylum in other words and Cena sobbing company known since NASA promise Lanikai. Oh Hindi not in a pineapple this year Tonka Eng you Hindi natanya teacher Melissa tent does it eat it or not. I use a permanent homes. God is bringing you into a new level mark up at 8:00. There's always another level for you. but illegal, but but you have to fight for it. You have to fight for it. Yes, there's still another level but we have to fight for it Giovanna mental my Bagon Lebanon Augusto me over and begin on Saturday, but we have to fight for it. We have the rightful place. We are the sons of God fight for it. Which leads me love about this a passage in the business and I think some Matthew chapter 25. I'm not 225 markup at it is a series of Parables. I cannot La Semana para bull a new muscular. Nothing parable of the talents concerns have been a scripture. You must earn Usha. I O'Malley's in even Yong Yong arre arre and seclusion servants. You subpoena got a lion on Le Mans economy Silver Reese happen again, you know. Want to talk with them silver actually, sir. I've been occasionally some Salve on and silver based on their capability. And if you've been listening to me Mark a participatory not be preached not long time ago. I preached on the subject faithful stewards number Papa. Did you say YouTube as a Spotify little message nature is actually a sequel of that a teen parent in essence a part to the city is also about the parable of the talents there on stopping in verse 14 the Go back to that again. I soften him verse 14. It will be like a man going on a journey who called his servants and entrusted his work something up in Silicon interested. Sabina police a little interested and also Tagalog not interested been a koala Academy pulled by a bishop in communicative Allah if he should be in Hindi so you get a subpoena copy Wala silang Source no money synonyms or some wealth you muster in the young friend. He didn't copied by Indian Tito you must have which I believe mark up a bit and among opportunity in America galleons adjust. I know mohini gonna marinate. Are you calling yourself an enone you Maurice? Nothing lion guarding yourself on your own you might impact guy is acting upon pinacate while and then bring it on you familiar. Nothing darling lahat starting running on every opportunity. Unity comes from the Lord you can eating a moment about it. No oxygen tank on the breath that we breathe the food on our tables the time that we spent in trouble Papa suchong bougas on your own. You can see Muhammad. Oh, I garlic salt in fucking on every good thing comes from and belongs to God it all belongs to God. Betty verse 15 you've been out of the store since I've been in verse 15 then again, you are Ben again, you internally among bags of gold and nickel silver gold Platinum. Um, two bags is a Lee myung-bak you saddle one bag at unisa Ilan is a ceramic contest by param. Param BeautyCon this contestant number one American LeMans bogna gold contestant. Number two American Taliban bogna gold and contestant number three men Hong Kong is humbug mango. Are you following me my cup at it and then look at this last part and then Sally spotless part last part and then the master he went on his journey. So according to their ability been again you listening Lima. He said Ben again on the lavoie you Sabine agenda is our quizzical Ontario para Bellum ocurro contestant. Number one, very good. Um contestant number 2 Del agua. You contestant number one is a imagining your uncle you young contestant number three. You gotta be my companion burrito is waiting at this have been lured back at you. So long you socket. blessings It's a blessing from God and it is I'm in verse 16 the man who had received five bags of gold. He immediately he went at once if it's a being immediately he put his money to work. He put his money to work. He put his money, but I listen to master. The trabajo in servant he he went to work. You should work. Now reading, you know is a young we should work it out better. Listen. Listen. Listen. Is it I'm so happy the master left and he went to work. Black holes a break. Why did the master left militia master and they went to work? You must Errol malice. And they went to an extra bow Silla. Together popping up langella the master left and they went to work now be here at animal veterinarian not happen while I emboss Natasha trabajo. That's interesting because it I oh Natasha trauma will impact our ability suppose. some people Yeah. Yeah, it's okay. It's okay is right. We should work it out go and open up in a Catholic while and I'm hanging on top and multiply agree, but you make up at it but on Tonto Kaya Mo ba x to Allah and boss Mo Tire monkey X Poland marketers. Are you tired X County long ago? Steve Ward Cunningham again faithful guide while I'm like a thing inside and yeah, he did Jack I love and affirmation about how he needs a validation ibang Tao tie to a long Marketing in tight Molly time crowd tight and visibility. I'm a barber kite and boss snobbish own. Can you still give your best? Oh. Because increase happens. Oh increase happens when you are faithful with what God has entrusted to you increase happens when you are faithful with what God has entrusted to you, you know go over time cahide well, and I am boss MO. Increase happens Alleluia when you learn to be faithful with what God has entrusted to you kite but William leader mooc, and you work it out Kaiba WIlliam pascrell Mo. Can you give your best time Olynyk a thing? You say you can you give your best because he see David Marr capitated baboon. Alabanza Goliath NASA David faithful Shannon, nagala Gangnam to panic and anxiety see Elijah killing you begoña. In double portion of anointing that's on see Elijah Nexus. Aha Natasha condom filled the faithful and circle it still has family in the body. How about while I'm not Peter Peru nikitin and faithfulness create a new level. I'm increased do nothing because they have been faithful with what God has entrusted to them. Hallelujah kapatid walk along mugging faithful para glorified and Bazemore mocking faithful Kasich has come on a glorified camping on. My boss man and a cutting in my leaders man. Am I not getting in you gotta be moment anything Duncan to look down, you know Hindi be faithful. Be faithful be steadfast as I've been a scripture and abounding with good words. Why because your labor is not in vain and your papa got a Hindi NASA scientists and did not appreciate the Neva Hindi poor Hindi. Kannada Natha nominal leader certain. I indeed until a fateful Naka an Alum who taught your markup hidden faithfulness. Neela in the past for 27 years knocking papazilla. Assalamu, Saucony, La Cocina. Scylla There are you Mason Talent? Because a casino boss have a problem because he um de la in invest Millions. Because I knew you were a harsh Master you are harvesting crops that you did not cultivate. So I hid it because I was afraid. So, can you agree with me zoom zoom zoom? Can you agree with me? Agrippa you makka pakka Hallelujah a great agreed contestant number three Goose Tournament, Alabama trabajo my discernment a la casa Union along Natasha invest Castle Natasha exercise develop their own business. might be Cyril Parabellum commitment Goose covid invest Paradise Does he shut the way? Afraid what if boom exactly what if it doesn't work out what if it didn't then I appreciate listen to me Michael, but it coming and I think they knew my feelings are so big on Lena intending yuto. Satan will put fear in your hearts to paralyze you. Your fear is paralyzing you Satan will put fear in your heart to paralyze you in going to the next level of your life. Um the low volume contestant number one and two buckets Sheila Cena being a faithful Steward Pakistan have been a masters of a long well done my good and faithful servant the husband actor about Scylla. I don't think so. I don't think so que hace Las Olympian am faithful Steward the album a decisive. Of course not. Okay. I'll see you in a sec. Be unfaithful watch this. Watch this. Okay, Ashley, let's say the be unfaithful Cocina Paula. Go neela living go Nepal ago. Nila Yung panna cotta with a faithful Casino Paula. Go. Neela you've been up you only managing some poem delawanna getting up at killing a woman explained. Nepal Laguna la Sheila Tina was not faithful now Paula go neela and number three we can and lazy Pacific my name and take me along Wicked and lazy you. We are called by God to the next level while ago is nothing but a failure to steal world what God has entrusted in your life will delay your blessing it will. It will it will delay your blessing. That's why I want to challenge you be a faithful Steward bon appetit. Abandonment of start Cannon business the parliament a good move, but the mechanics will do. What both of the Shire regimen and commitment? What gurukul only covid? Come on, I'm talking to you. You must be circumcised. It was a mugging committed gum Castle. Okay, but you But these are these are you broke. I am Obama being committed at envelope or a desire at least. Bucket your listen to me. Your decision is stronger than your emotion. Your decision is stronger than your fear. You can choose not to be afraid. You can choose not to be a shame waiting on Billy look particularly at was bug settle for less, you know, you're worth. You know that God designed you for more don't settle for less because God knows what's best for you Hallelujah. What Buddhist I'll again your own commitment, Alleluia? Adidas everybody makka, pakka Oli think oh, yeah. United now United Metallica sync disarray Barack Obama being committed kayaba not a mugging committed Market, but it metallic desired number puzzle elements discernible in successful model is not discernible King MOG next level but are you committed to it is two different thing. You mock the sir. Nobody's are coming puzzle one problem my John platinum and maybe Cermak parasol pair of committed capital. I'm in folic acid Bemidji gonna let me start in a sec. So the socket and I've been killing you gusto. As I've been on parole Uncle Mo bogus. only thing cooler Go to work. We are faithful because we grew with my practice te Madrid her scar mock battle Ruka bodied be excellent in what you are doing and you will experience increasing your life see David no pain at all with me peanut butter works and it's an old parrot on a harp you remember that story foxy, but Caesar old told you that my room deranged and your mind Papa told me she David Barr atomic bomb the harbor. Remember the story they can you do Hindi peanut butter works at David's apology. Oh Cassie Christian. Shh. Peanut towards his apology. Okishima, Ganesha in problem a cinema Christian no. I'm going on in Allegheny Daniel penal ago the David Hindi for kinugasa during a male more manga Bible quotes a tortoise on an ambushment will do Mundi to throw you in the Pokédex or cannot cross the quintus maple bacon is among a teacher moved into to you in the pork is a beam or a Christian ago in the position. Mark apartheid was nothing going past is some Christianity the meeting nothing young Excellence now my pants in amoeba parameter. Introduced nothing see Jesus. Couldn't stop it we go to words of himself to be mobile that Ahmad Ahmad. Because in the Porgy Christian Oto Indian an article on Aluma go in the Poke Christianity in India, and I think a llama grow in the pork a Christian and nothing is being developed right? There is always another level that God has for you. There's always another level. Who oh. Hallelujah next level That's not my new level. Tiga hula, hula ho. Hula. Hula. new level I'm thinking yoga God has Right, but Gina Ben you okay next level mashed potatoes, right? If you should be in Paris in you Paris arten and misconceptions not a listen to me and misconceptions nothing but new level lugging elevation. right Right, so you gotta be more but Casino new level Melania Elevate kombucha. Meketa us new level. What if I told you tonight I need for can you level elevation? Hmm? When You Believe in Me Okay seed Are you standing because Colombo Kayla you submitted various Daniel new level is more than just elevation Don't miss this new level is is not just elevation new level is all about evolution. It's not just elevation. But Abel functioning evolution in Dillingham ongoing again towel and I'm gonna thinking new now in human evolutionary be Sabina evolution is a dictionary issue gradual change. My auntie will think Bob ago, So a new level indeed except in iron and in agario my own past or so. You'll have welcomed some packet. They are Oro you label the lower ngayon? So a new level is more than just elevation new level is all about Evolution the saying elevation result in an evolution. Mmm-hmm excited about utilizing the excited you gotta be more. I love you. I love you butterfly butterfly. a linear a new caterpillar You caterpillar Hindi Nepali pad. Perry young butterfly catching a fly, right? So you caterpillar bhumika pong young butterfly lily pad. and Eva something to say no young caterpillar bucket Hindi Molly pad Descend upon the gate valve. But I want you to get involved. Are you following me? Kapatid communication come liudmila pod? Evolution is more than just elevation. I'm Kaylen and Simba Honiton complete change Evolution dalekanium gotta be more Indie Mon. Ami neguin butterfly human evolution. Not too bad. Nothing Gusto nothing on elevation. I own attending Evolution. Oh, it was about it Agave that Agha he thinks it in Makkah, but he'd gone to Community College. instead of reading more Why don't you become a reader? the same reader nature and impact in the Appellate So in business running more, why don't you become a runner? Not a bomba. You packed up beside you Hindi pillock you like I am cleaning jogging a Las cuatro. That's Alice told you not to look but that's in the uni. In the usual nature Hindi shallot evolves. I am sorry Lily. But once then again for me to say, I'm sorry Lee Hindi Michaela nampally tenants are really more because it's innate in you NASA utilization. So instead of instead of worshipping God more. Why don't you become a worshipper instead? The same worship getting the push-up inability to Mas. Anca Mania and worship and Indonesia Philippines Vietnam, Malaysia and worship and emotional pain at the back. Amen. Capita may not be imposter apology November store. five five five five times five grabby grabby Marcus about you. It's all about seven times seven. 49 right 5 times 5 25 7 times 7 49 Ivanka singing the in an octagon III. Right because he allow Malaysia question. No grade 1 car. I love my own. Talbot College Gonna Know Cocina develop Khana Khazana key volcanic. So the picnic evolve evolve you Mahir up that a maddalena. You have been depressed for so long. It's time to change. You have been through worse in your life. It's time to change. You have been unsuccessful for too long. That's enough. You have been broken for so long. That's enough. So I've been alert Co and now that's enough. you've been pulled all your life and That's enough. You can evolve you can change you've been tired for so long. You've been sick for too long. That's enough. I'm an eye on you can evolve in the yamuna Dottie uni. I'm gonna be the man. She lives in your mouth. throwback Guinness Toto Informing about my life Let Me Oh, you mean 10 years old the Stephen I was a Pastor Steve. And by the way in the in the novella young 10 years old nasty even packed anything 1934 year old neon a Stephen elements have been on 10 year old Stephen Nunn Jen Kabbalah. Carla who alien gotta go Liga, they know some alien thing looks unfamiliar. Azure-eyes Hindi arkla in the 10 year old Steven 34 evolved. Shh the helm a new level and Hindi Well conversion moombahton inversion 100 knocking architecture school Hindi necessary. Because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Hindi mabini pillock casinos evolve. Khanna is in you. See Pablo not be negotiating on Iran and Russia before killer and recipe for Puma party non-christians Peru benediction Upon encountering Jesus right now question. No shaping are gonna put it on Pablo now here happened, but she Pablo not beguiling yongkang's Aurelio Casillas Cronkite nabhaga evolved. He is a complete change kapatid new level is more than just elevation new level is all about what evolution So God is saying to each one of us mark up at 8:00. You must release my Cuppa tea bag La Basilica St. Gypped Binaca insulin and then apply for 40 years gardenia from heaven will be Playboy. Perrin important tool is a Promised Land aside said Sabina pain, you know, and that's enough. This is a new level. Welcome to new levels. Indiana car accident Buying a shirt. Oh I'm giving you a food. from The Promised Land I've been on the road. That's enough. Covid I believe God is talking to you right now. My mom has struggled financially Paris have been oh Lord, that's enough. My mom relationship issues caving in you as our parents have been onboard new level now. That's enough. He was saying you mark up with it all your life here up in here. Okay, financially parents have been on Lord. Stop it. Stop it. That's enough. God is talking to each one of us. Ma petite Meramec a young family issues from the past. So I've been a Lord that's enough. Welcome to new levels. You've been heartbroken for so long. And God is saying that's enough. You've lost a loved one and you've been crying your hearts out because in Igloo looks half as a Pergola to become autonomous a boy parents have been unloading the common American public's ammo but move on that's enough. Makka pakka. I want to challenge you right now. That's enough. Some famous. I gotta be more that's enough. God is with you God will fight for you. God is fighting on your behalf. God is with you now buddy. Listen to me see anything. You may problema. I have a good news for you. That's Camille had to make program at us ball. My I want to see I want to see I want to see you about my problems. Okay, let's go raise your hands raise your hands. Everybody loved him a problem. Okay, so he must have double congratulations normal Kappa. Okay, laughs no problem. No problem. Listen to me guys. This is a word for you. This is a prophetic word of the Lord. Whatever that problem is an omen problem, man. That problem is not meant to defeat you. It's not meant to defeat you. It's just a distraction. Cassie I only say the number of moved out to new levels taking a gamma camera problem but it's even more difficult but it matter - nothing I own all of these things God is fighting for you God is on your side. He is with you when you walk through the valley of the shadow of death. You should not be afraid for God is with you when you walk through the fire you will not be burned when you walk through the water. You will not be drowned. You are already Victorious that problem is not meant to defeat you. It is meant to distract. You don't give Satan the luxury number but is struck by number party structure and purpose them problem and I an it is truck along. My photo league is a very long. I had my hair up on problema seeing in the middle of the storm worship God in the middle of the storm Ian the moon of a MacMillan company not serve God in the middle of your storm serve God while you are still crying. You are limited not because you are defeated. You are limited because you are distracted. Distracted Tylenol fear distracted by inhalation is nobody shall call. Aha Bilal greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. So Gigan look at India problema movie must not in the job title Empanada Nagasaki to nothing major but in the job title in doctor and a diagnosis and with all due respect but almost but in doing just that is Angela. In case you forgot Satan is just distracting you by his wounds you are healed. God can turn your situations around destruction Lang Yan. You'll text Garland's IX more destruction Lang Yan you opportunities than distractions than young Miss and humanely legal distractions, Danielle. You kilig destructions long young it is meant to distract you. Welcome Papa young my here up Mike Bargo my here up not evolve, but we have to fight. at least fight for it. This is an alert Maggie successful KO Goosen and Lord your family. Not in the least the next level. Are you little faster? No fight for it my Promised Land, but you have to fight for it. Sometimes my buddy that my brothers and challenges of the way nothing compared machine. Lamia not otamatone indirection top of my challenges car - Atomic under a short-term problem. I'm a banana. because if a Guantanamo position in opposition Made me purpose. Somebody don't go back. It's been a Diana not and I've been at the unattended all of these things are just distractions. I'm a lot but nothing survived indication not God is bringing you into the next level. I am hurt but I will not quit. I am disappointed but I will not quit. Are you papa? I am broken, but I will not quit. I am sick, but I will not quit. I am offended but I will not quit. I am underestimated, but I will not quit. I am underappreciated, but I will not quit. I am breaking but I will not quit I am discouraged but I will not quit I can still praise I can still pray I can still read my Bible greater is he that is in me than he that is in the Greater DC Jesus Christ that is in you that no weapon formed against you shall prosper mock-up at it that you can do all things through Christ who strengthens you that God will work all things together for the good of those who love God that the joy of the Lord is your strength. I am disappointed, but I will not quit. I will not give up. I will not quit. I will not throw in the towel now she knows I'm not ready to talk about it. Alana Journey No, not elevation. Not elevation Journey for evolution. God will change your heart. God will change your ministry. God will change the way you serve. God. God will change the way you you have your devotions to God. God will change a lot in your life. God will change your relationship and intimacy with him. Are you ready? Can you come with me Mark up a date on this journey to evolve not just to elevate. We are going to evolve things will change your family will change your situations will change your circumstances will change. Oh. So let them to stop laughs. Thank you so much, buddy. Can you stand up until had the compatibility, but for those of you who wanted to evolve wanted to go to the next level not elevation, but evolution complete change. You've lost a loved one, but you will not quit, right? Now looky can send to go show but don't quit. They don't gurkhas are about now Lanka to hit the hill and but don't quit. Don't quit serving. Don't quit worshiping God. look at my booty don't quit when he called them but don't quit well on right times up ago with my rebutted Ecclesiastes chapter 3 there's a say I'm in season for everything a time for joy and sorrow a time for loss and a time to live 28 Seasons but over long season of quitting Well, I'm season to quit. Not now, it's more than elevation. Locke and Rousseau Tomas Wonka my mom Thank you again for listening to hear more messages like this one, make sure to subscribe or follow our podcast channel for past episodes. If you want to support this ministry financially you can do so by sending us an email at GSM and be at gmail.com. Thank you and God bless.