Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you here on the show. I am your host certified life coach Greg Audino today. We are taking a question that came in about compassion the conception of compassion. If you will, there's a lot of talk on here about how to improve our lives in certain ways, but with something as Pure as compassion. Is there really a way to just start feeling it? I'm not sure let's find out. Let's find out and listen to what this viewer had to ask. Can you offer any advice on how I can become a more compassionate person? I admit that I do have less compassion for others than those around me seemed to have I love the show, but I even feel this way when listening to everybody's questions each episode. But here I am. This isn't something I lose a lot of sleep over and I'm not so interested in going down the rabbit hole to discover where it came from. But are there any easy tricks for how to start being more compassionate? How dare you sir not being more compassionate to our viewers like that shame on you just kidding. Just kidding everyone feels the way they feel for a reason and are entitled to those feelings. Let's all be civil here. Glad you opened up and came to us with this concern. Really? I am I have suggestions but compassion is a really genuine thing and it comes from an honest place. So it's harder to muster something like that up and have it it'd be real just through easy tricks. If that makes sense. I would say it's probably more important to gain a different understanding of what compassion is rather than just getting tips streamlined to you. So let's talk about compassion a bit compassion is something that much of the world is seeking more of in a time where virtually every group whether it be a country a political group or even a book club is Feeling under attack in their own way. Even the toughest of the tough claim their innocence, right and frustratingly seek answers as to why others simply don't get them or show them compassion. There's a weird dichotomy here because in not understanding why others don't understand us in one Fell Swoop. We're both seeking compassion and failing to offer compassion. We're too blinded by the lack of compassion. We're receiving to bother being compassionate. Enough to understand those who don't show us compassion which would be to show them compassion stick with me. That's a lot of compassion. So I'm going to I'm going to say that again. We are too blinded by the lack of compassion. We're receiving to bother being compassionate enough to understand those who don't show us compassion, which would be to show them compassion. That means we're in double trouble a lot of the time but that's not necessarily bad news because it gives us something to work on it tells us that even though we aren't receiving compassion we can at least be the grown adults that we are and work on our own ability to be compassionate though. The childish part in us might not like being compassionate towards someone who doesn't show us the same the truth is that this is an exercise and becoming more mature and more loving and less dependent on the approval of others. So How do you server or anyone else take the high road and create compassion first? Well, let's take it from the top generally speaking. Our reactions to all things are based on the interactions. We've had with those things in the past and how we have interpreted those interactions more importantly, even if we're reacting to something we've never directly interacted with before our reaction will be dictated by what we've been told or taught to believe about that something. In short we're always using our knowledge acquired in the past to navigate decisions that affect the future the same is true of situations in which we find ourselves not being compassionate many of the times we fail to show compassion to others is because we recognize their behavior in our memories of those who have heard us and I know you said you didn't want to go down the rabbit hole about where this came from, but just entertain me for a second the amount of Truth in just how similar these parties really are. I can vary but more often than not we are associating the same set of behavior to an entirely different set of circumstances and projecting our struggle onto others. Therefore a great way to show compassion to these innocent bystanders is to practice for giving similar people that have harmed Us in the past as lack of compassion can quite easily have more to do with us than it does the other person and as you continue this self work and gradually hone. On the reason you don't have compassion for this person or persons. The chances are you'll find One Singular trait or attribute that is causing you to feel a lack of compassion. So once you're able to isolate this source of your friction, you can see that situation for what it is and not waste extra energy on blaming this person for things. It really have nothing to do with the issue at hand. It's common to compound negative feelings for someone by looking and for all of these other things they're doing wrong and such accusations are usually based not on fact, but on supporting the narrative that we already have. So once you've established exactly why you don't have compassion for this person or persons. You can then think about their unique story. If you even know any of it and consider how it relates to their behavior that you are inclined to not show compassion towards given what they've endured in the past experiences belief systems Etc. Behaving in a way that's maybe more aligned with how you feel you'd behave could be very difficult for them. So you have to be patient with their story and their circumstances and how they might just be more fragile in ways that you aren't a great way to do. This is to Simply listen to what they have to say free of judgment who would have thought right and if you're able to listen to them free of judgment, you might find yourself if you can muster the sympathy considering a time when You were in their shoes or close to it. There have likely been times that you or someone you love was exhibiting similar Behavior to the one you're having a hard time showing compassion towards it's easy to want to shake these people because you see their missteps all too clearly, right but instead harness that energy into understanding and use your particular experience to at the very least be patient with them and at the most guide them in this difficult time rather than judge. What do you suppose is the result of this patients this understanding? Well, the result is connection as you reveal yourself as someone who cares you'll be seen as someone who cares not to mention you'll see how much these other people care this connection this offering of compassion better enables you to gain compassion for others that double trouble from earlier easily snowballs into a double win. We all live in harmony and everything is candy and kisses from here on out. You might have thought to yourself those optimal living advice fellows put together such a smooth podcast. How can I possibly do the same for my podcast? Well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and a good one. First of all, it's free. Thanks for coming not going to complain about that one and it provides creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast or right from your phone or computer. Not only that but anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or that's a huge deal with how many great podcasts are on the market today, but anchor enables you to make money from yours with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and bring your podcast to life. I hope this episode fit especially for the man who asked this question. I hope it was what you were looking for anytime. We try to just add things into our lives especially feelings that come from the heart. It's it's important to understand that it's a process and our feelings that we have are there for a good justifiable reason. It's hard to just snap our fingers and feel something new but in working to understand that which we wish to feel a little bit more we can start the process so I think that's what we did today. Thank thank you listeners. Thank you to the man who's had this question, and of course if any of you guys have your own questions, you'd like answered by all means email them to us at advice at old podcast.com that is advice at Old podcast.com. I'm pretty sure I'm just going to repeat that twice in every single episode ever. So it's just a thing at this point. So get used to it. We love your questions and we'll send you a free book from our collection if you'd like one after submitting your question. Sound good. Sounds good to me time to call it for today. Thank you for being here guys. We appreciate all of you and we hope you'll stop in next time until then everybody.