Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the cost on top of that be able to expose all this wonderful Talent. So we're known as a place where diversity lives but we think everyone's diverse. So everyone's on our site you just get to show who you are there. And how hiring standards have changed and haven't changed enough. I don't think they've changed too much sadly which is why we are kind of coming in now. I think that they have been changing where clients have been demanding more of the people that are doing the work, you know, it used to be, you know, you know the agency where you you know, I called it like, you know, here's the pitch team and then Disappear we talked about why diversity of thinking matters for the work and for the world? My family was impacted by climate change, you know, we're in a world right now. That is so greatly influenced by things like climate change things like civil rights and brands for better or worse happened to end up in these conversations. And finally, we talked about the structural challenges to getting different voices in the room, you know, we're talking about biases and a lot of the conversation is implicit bias. But you know, the more we're having this conversation. It's clearly more systemic bias, right, you know kids who can't afford to get the portfolio schools kids who don't have the right opportunities to get their first jobs. And then when you are at those jobs, you're not in the right position to go to those Learning and Development opportunities like conferences. So you're just behind the eight seven six five balls? We have Bennett Bennett and love Malone from the gradient group. Welcome guys. Hello. Hello. Thank you for having us exciting. So in your words are in the words of some cop you guys have Underside. The gradient group is a Premier Staffing platform dedicated to evolving diversity inclusion in quotation marks from industry buzzword to an industry action action and all caps. I would love your take on why that is what you're doing around that perfect. So what we wanted to really do is focus on This piece we talk about diversity of this thing we need to do in advertising. And so we wanted to First work with companies and also with people who actually wanted to make this an action. So we were tired of people talking about it. So we were like, okay, how can we actually get people through the door? So the point was to bring in Staffing and bring people through the door through our company one of the reasons why I thought you both would be really interesting is because you kind of offer this behind-the-scenes perspective on the business of creative ideas as far as eating the gradient. Why you and why now good question. I would say why not me. Why not now the big thing was I had been in the industry I had did really well in the industry. I was actually excited where I was at and I was at bbdo and then I was at Ogilvy and my tenure was kind of lovely I couldn't I didn't have a lot of complaints. The challenge was whenever I was still going to talks and meetings. We were still talking about diversity. And was kind of irritating so I was always told you no don't complain about stuff do something. I wanted to look at the industry because I think this industry is amazing if we can't change the conversation. No one can because that's what we do in advertising. So I wanted to look at how can we change this conversation and look at you know diversity from how we look at demographics in the lens of this thing that we call advertising and our goal is to reach as many Many people as we can we our goal is to change minds and to sell something in most cases and because the population is changing the world is changing people are expecting you to speak to them specifically as advertisers. We can't just be you know looking at how do we speak to a man? How do we speak to a woman? How do we speak to a person of color? All these things that have all these under sections? You're not just a woman you're six different things. And so we need to get a Bit more granular and that's what we want to do because we do believe people are granular and the work has to work harder than it ever has before to break through and so, you know Brands and as well as advertisers have to make sure that their target marketing and their demographics do that. So we want to make sure that the right people get in front of them. Where do you start with something like that? Well, I start from the middle like I like I tell people I'm not a diversity director, right? I just happened to be a diverse person in the industry. So I'd worked in the industry what I found in the industry. All these years is that whenever we got a you know, when the brand was looking at their target marketing whether or not we're looking at Journeys or whatever it is. We knew exactly who we wanted to Target. We knew how many dogs this person had how much money she made we knew exactly who this person was and we'd go out sometimes three or four levels to make sure We're going to be selling this product to and then once I got over to the agency the brief would have in who is this target market? We would do work around the target market and then also have focus groups. That would be synergistic of the target marketed to see which one spoke to the people and we grabbed insights from that and then lastly the media which we all love. I mean that's where most of the money is and we know all the it's all about demographic sells and buys. We basically placed the media in front of Who we want to see it? And what I found was a lot of time we would say this all have 50% of creative Works 50% doesn't you know, but it's your as Brands. You better not you don't want to be on the other side of that but I'm saying this is a perfect time for us to look at demographics and and also demographics and diversity. Yeah. I tried not to say that I never say it because he's very very ugly word for a lot of us in the industry. Why are you bored? My boy did it because diversity has become such this catchphrase for everything that it actually means nothing anymore. It's this thing that people need to do to like, you know, please a client or get to a number but people aren't seeing the value in it anymore and demographics is where the money is and advertising and media. That's the reason why we have really in our agency. We don't really say diversity. We always talk about demographics because when we talk about Demographics that is the diversity of what a brand needs to get you. It's what the work needs to work harder for and that is where when I think of diversity and it being a business we throw that out and we just throw in demographics and if you have the right demographics, you don't have to worry about not having enough women in the room. You don't have to worry about not have enough people in color of color in the room because that's a part of the demographics you're trying to reach. So when people ask me well, what's the best way to do it is a look at your media plan. Tell me what the demographics are and let's work backwards. So can you explain a bit how you want us how you want the industry to rethink how we think about demographics? Well, I think they think of it perfectly now. I think they think of that as their business. No one misses the target market as a strategist walk around with, you know, your focus group what I called notes or the you know, the Bible of those and you take things out of what your demographic said about the product or what they said about the experience we care as advertisers. and Brands about the people we sell to that is our business and when you talk about needing to up your demographics or up your cell in like with the Latin X group or you want to up your cell with specific groups age groups or you know, women or different areas you want to make sure the voices are authentic and the only way to do that is to go ahead and make sure that your team is synergistic to that and that's a having those voices in the room and You get away from stereotypes or things people thinking that they know and you get to closer to the people being in the room that can actually tell stories that's authentic to them. So if I'm kind of processing right in order to change how creative work is represented or how people are representing creative work you have to start with who is doing the work. Yes, you have to look at who's doing the work. We now look at portfolios and saying what's good what brands have you worked on we're looking at that already were saying if we're doing something for the automotive industry. Okay, how like anyone in the room? It's like who's done stuff for the automotive industry who's done stuff for that. So we are looking at who's in the room and those you know skills and subsets of skills and you know, whether or not their synergistic to that piece that they're doing. I think you also want to You know make sure that they're we talked about having different voices at the table. That's also important in all you know aspects of it. But if we just focus again, if you focus just on demographics you make sure you get that but you also want to look at not just you know, someone's color or their gender because that limits who you get into the room. So I always make the I was talked about the story about where I'm from. I'm an African American Woman very proud of that. I live in New York and I try to dress as much like a New Yorker to fool people, but I'm from Central Illinois and from a small town with one high school, you know next to Arcola which is largest Amish, you know Township in the world and with that stated it's not a diverse or urban center. So if you're saying oh I want to tap in to love for her, you know all her bourbon inside. Yeah, like that's not happening like so I have a Set of things that makes me me and so if you you don't pull that out, then you miss some of what makes me who I am and and brings that authenticity to Brands and two different things that I can be an asset to because of that but you know, I worked on accounts that had nothing to do I worked on, you know Finance accounts as well. As you know health care a lot of Health Care accounts and that all had to do with my experience that had nothing to do with me being a woman. For me being black. So we just need to be like I like to be careful when we that's why we have 72 tags in our technology because we're deeper than just one or two things. I mean, we're deeper than even the 72 but at some point you have to stop but we wanted to make sure that we're you know, dialing people, you know, you know segmenting them so that we can get the best out of the work you mentioned technology earlier. What's the role of technology and how the platform work? Well, that's another part of Taking the whole diversity out of the gradient. We diversity is in many cases. It's one of those things you need to do because it's the right thing to do. Everyone should want to do this and they should they should want to do this. But for us the technology was it's just technology, you know, it's numbers. It's not me saying you have to do this. You should it's like here is the numbers. This is why this is important. This is where you get the work too. So our goal was to Make technology there instead of us putting points in that have feelings and bias and things like that in it. It's just what we see on the paper and we're able our algorithms are able to cross-reference so we know what an agency like what brands they have. You know, what markets they've worked in. We understand that what you know media channels they work in as well. And so, you know again, they're 72 of them and then we're able to cross them with these individuals. And so when you know originally I would have people say hey love I need to get Aladdin woman in here because of this or I need to black women like I'm like stat like what are we talking about? Like what type of vivid are you this is how it works. You just order them up you what? I'm like, no, that's not how people work and it's like me saying. Oh, I need a white guy like, okay. We're what kind of white guy are you looking for? You know, we you know, we wanted to dig a Little Deeper. So I was talked about the dating sites, you know, the great thing which my team loves I'm like, I'm only on here. R for research but what's great about the dating sites if you actually know what you want you can actually pretty much Dino dig up someone pretty close to that. So if you you know, you can say hi. You know how old you want them to be how far away because God forbid you take the train to Long all kinds of different things and you get these you can actually get someone that you know is I guess to your liking if you know what you want. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to Find people very quickly and and agencies without all the cost on top of that be able to expose all this wonderful Talent. So we were known as a place where diversity lives but we think everyone's diverse. So, you know, there are everyone's on our site. You just get to show who you are there. And so when we look at diversity, we're looking, you know, if a white guys on the site, please welcome. You're welcome. And hello, you know, we want to be there. Yes, we want you there because they're going to be things about you that you know, like the instance and Me growing up in the midwest if we're doing something about Urban there maybe the guy in Brooklyn that is better suited for that than I would be because that's just not what I know. The most of reference isn't isn't quite there. Yeah, but the NASCAR the wrestling account. Hey, I may actually beat him out because and is not about how you look at that point because if that's the case, I probably wouldn't have worked on some of the finance counts that I've had. I went and worked on a lot of the accounts if we're just looking. For the right look but I definitely think that you know, it's important that we look at the demographic piece because you're able to get just more people at the table that are synergistic to the actual work Beyond representation in the workforce and then representation and accurate nuanced representation in the work. What are the greater effects of I guess I can't use the d word. No, you can't proper diversity and advertising like what are the kind of societal effects? X you don't have to speak for yourselves, but I think you know because of the work you guys do I'm curious about your point of view on that. Wow, that's a great question. Definitely answer that. So my career is a little more disjointed than I give it credit for and you know for me, you know love came from Central Illinois. I came from the edge of Queens. My family was impacted by climate change, you know, we're in a world right now. That is so greatly influenced by Things like climate change things like civil rights and brands for better or worse happened to end up in these conversations when people in New Orleans were for example dealing with Hurricane Katrina, right? There's still a bunch of people who are who are dealing with these issues and you know brands are busy, you know throwing Snickers bars into crevices to save the world because the world is not the world when it's hungry, right? Right. It's such a weird time Brands jump into conversations that they shouldn't even though. Maybe they should maybe they shouldn't just, you know create advertising to solve a problem. Maybe they should be on the ground where their consumers are, you know, understanding their issues, you know, when somebody like me gets put onto an industry like advertising and I started college as a physics major, you know, I never anticipated that this is you know that Have an opportunity to change the world or better people's lives. You know, I think granular on a societal level like, you know, seeing somebody like a love them alone. For example, you know work in the industry is great for me because you know, I start to see myself, you know me working in this industry probably means something for a ton of other kids who you know come from first generation families immigrant families who are probably told hey, hey, you know your career path is either lawyer doctor engineer something with a steady paycheck, you know, but on a macro level it puts people who are prop, you know, the disenfranchised are probably the ones most greatly affected by the ills and the worst things happening in society today. So by putting them in the seats at these tables where the stuff hammers home for them the most Probably gives you no greater chance for them to create work that that resonates with with the markets that they need to and you know part of what makes a platform and the problem that we're trying to solve. So interesting is that there have been billions and billions upon billions of dollars spent on initiatives and ways to get people at the table, but if you look at the Bureau of Labor Statistics numbers, the numbers haven't changed in these 30 years you have it's like Maple which you know, they are doing their best to get this talent in the country, you know at top agencies in the country. You have a ton of awesome conferences that are you know, celebrating us being in the room challenging the industry to you know, to raise the ratio of talent from, you know, women people of color lgbtq individuals in the industry and you know, they're well me People but if the numbers haven't changed, where's the disconnect? What do you think causes that I mean a lot of people would say it's implicit bias. I've you know been lucky to be on the the media side and the you know, the journalist side and in agency side, and I genuinely think it's just I I almost want to say it's laziness because the clients care the Brand's care their changing their agency partners every day, but agency people are really over emphasizing What A diversity and inclusion manager can do because a lot of them aren't in roles where they can hire people a lot of them are in the rooms talking to the talent, but you know, they can't do anything about it and you seminars they put out they bring in bring in a guest speaker stuff like that. They do sensitivity trainings. They do all these things which you know by all accounts. Measures are supposed to be net positives, but when the talents not in the room to reflect that and when talent doesn't or the room and doesn't feel valued and ends up leaving to Tech leaving to Brand side places, then you know, it's clearly more of a negative than anything else. It's a lot of pressure to put on one person. Usually it's one person of the agency that needs to like Dow do all of these things to solve this problem that's been around I do. You think to piggyback off of what you're saying, which was excellent. By the way, I do feel that some of the issue is, you know, the agency life we've gotten so used to wanting to work with Eve worked. So long hours. The hours are long. You want to work next to people, you know, it's a lot of nepotism and bringing someone else in is a big risk. I hear that all the time. It's like well, you know, we got to bring, you know people of color and it's like it's a risk and I'm like, well, it's the same risk you take when About the white guy in that you didn't know you just happen to like drink. He likes craft beer. So you're like, oh, well the worst thing that happens we will have will have good times drinking beer together. I'm like, I'm just a walking stereotype here, but there are I mean there are lots of, you know people of color like craft beer too. I just happen to not be one of them and the the whole point was I kind of feel like we put a lot of pressure on not only the dni Staffing but we also put a lot of pressure on that one. Or two people we bring in we bring into people of color in this person needs to now be like, you know, Martin Luther King and Malcolm X all-in-one like because they've got to carry the agency to the hilltop and Serena Williams, but in terms of talent and it's just like, you know, if that's a Mac you don't have that same expectation on any of the other hires that you have. And so I think you need to and I was saying this yesterday in a meeting, you know, we need to make sure that you know from senior leadership. They need to take some of the pressure off with bringing people. In of color and different groups and make sure that instead of looking for you know, this great person of color making sure the person actually goes across the you know, some of the workload that they have their client roster and making sure you have the best person in and that person will strive if you're not putting that much pressure. I've noticed, you know, you it's all kinds of reasons that we can go down the list, but I've found Found the most being the pressure from the people bringing the person in and then that pressure is felt on the talent because now the talents like, you know, there's you know, I did this scenario you typically walk into a room and it's like okay the client wants more diversity. Okay, we brought in this guy someone now typically needs to leave the room because not like the budget change is not like we need more diversity there. Like here's two extra. Here's to you know to extra $100,000 bring another person. How it works that means someone has to leave the room and that causes pressure on the team because now this person's coming in replacing this person that no one wants to replace and they're like well, how is he going to and it's just all this added pressure so that the brother value above and beyond to yeah, and because they're not going to be seen as just a replacement apples apples are going to be seen as this and I think we have to stop that. I mean and no one really talks about that. They don't talk about the extra Financial. Put on there. So they bring this person. They got to pay a recruiter the recruiters charging another 70 grand for this person. So where does that money come out of it comes out of the p&l as well. And so there's all this extra person because person cost more, you know, you're not sure if they're going to mesh with the I've heard so many different words in the last couple of months the culture fit the mesh the how do we know, you know, our car companies gonna you know, treat them, right and I treat them like a person they ride the train in the morning. It's pretty diverse. First they just need to come and feel you know, like they feel welcome on the train as long as no one like really does something like, you know horrible to you. You're pretty good on the train and it's just like, you know, everybody wants to feel you know included but you don't have to go out of your way to make people feel different and that's sometimes there's the line of that happening as well. So we we definitely think that that that's a big piece that we have to look at as an industry. Yeah, and I think we talked about agencies taking a risk on talent but talent doesn't realize especially Talent of color doesn't realize that they're taking a risk by being in the room because a lot of times if you are a white male or increasingly now a white woman, you can fail upwards. You don't really have that sort of buffer as as a person of color. So when you walk into a room and you deal with things like microaggressions or not being paid, As much as you know as your peers, you know it you think that oh damn. Well, I'm just not being valued blah blah blah blah blah, but you know, you still go through it you still you know, put in the work you still do your best to be an asset and hope for the best and let's say an agency loses a client or you know, there's restructuring and in an organization, you know, your peers may have an easier time finding a A job elsewhere, you know but you don't necessarily have that same luxury probably because you didn't go to a portfolio school, like like your peers probably because you know, you weren't part of allow the company outings that your peers were invited to so it's definitely just it's a weird time for talent and you know a lot of times again, they'll just go to where the money is for them. And you know, everybody will profit off of them whether it's the recruiters the agencies or You know, whoever whoever employs them. But you know the talent just gets shortchanged. Have you seen the opposite effect we is so we had a give you some context to this. I'm forgetting his last name. But Glen Glen Singleton Glen Singleton. Spoke came to Joy. He was amazing. He held several days of kind of small group workshops and larger group workshops and what the things he talked about was that, you know leadership sometimes is afraid to give feedback to Quantico. Diversity candidates or employees because they feel like it might be taking the wrong way. And so sometimes there's sort of a failing up. I want to recognize the proportion of how this happens. But I think like I want to give an and because Eric's in the room. I want to give him credit. He's someone who solicits feedback a lot and I think that's that's uncommon. I'm curious if your take on that how you make sure that you know, what can leadership do to make sure that they're also equipping Talent with the right tools and kind of fostering an environment where they can succeed I think asking the question I think sometimes leadership puts it on one or two people in the agency to or the affinity group to come up with all this information and sometimes they just have to you know show up and ask, you know pull people in I think some agencies not all just the ones that I've probably spent the most time with don't spend enough time on the Employee and as I say this I'm choking a little bit because I dislike them as much as I'm saying it but having some kind of review each year I think is important and even if it's not a structural review, I think you knowing where you stand with your senior leadership as Talent. No matter what your race is, I think is important I think, you know wanting to be better as people or get to that next title is super important. So if you have a map For yourself. I think that is something that you know, we should want to do is talent and we encourage people to do that when they come in. We want them to speak to you know, their senior leadership figure out. What's the best way to maneuver try to get someone in the agency that what we would you know, consider sponsor them or someone that have their back to to talk to when they're needed but the big thing is having this touch base for yourself and you know progress report or However, you want to call it so that it's not institutionalized. God forbid if they're terrible, but it would be great to understand where you were and so that gives people a chance to give you candid feedback. But I think that the onus is on both parties, right you have to be able to accept feedback and do something with it. And I think you know, probably, you know to Eric yes to Eric's point the way that he comes to you and ask for a few bad gives you. um comfort in it and knowing that when you give feedback it's because he really wants it and whether it's positive or negative and I think that is also you know on both sides we have to be able to approach, you know people and ask for real feedback and ask people to be candidate like I you know, my team gives me some feedback while specially Trail over there tends to always give me feedback and it's okay if it's positive or negative, I think you know, I like them to start out with Nice, you like that the feedback sandwich it was they all love you. Look nice today. You sucked because of this heavy don't go straight in at me. Have a great evening Yeah, tomorrow's tends to just you know, go straight at me which is 5 and then he says be and it later but it's around I might have similar approaches to that have a hard time hard time with the candy coat. I think he likes craft beer too so we met on set. So that's always good, but I I do think that you know, it's on both of us, but I do think the agency has to do a better job or the industry has to do a better job with letting people give feedback. I think sometimes we've we've gotten such negative feedback. It's sort of like, you know the bat, you know, when the person is we need to talk. It's you know, when your would you need a relationship a we've got negative feedback. What do you mean Ben? I think you know, so like how we Define diversity. I should say is like sag. And we just add military. So we're looking at you know, disabled women lgbtq. And then we're also looking at 60 plus 60 plus because that is actually how sag determined to find protective glasses. Right? Yes. So was I didn't want it to be our definition, but we invite everybody again to be a part of what we're doing because I think in order for there to be change, we all have to know what we're Are all doing so if you have a you know, killer portfolio and people are all over it. We want to know what that work. Looks like. We you know, we're paying attention to that were scoring those things and then so when we get people who are you know over the years come up, you know, our system will be able to see who is like kind of like who does Conde Nast kind of like focus on like what's a creative there? So our system is even looking to kind of people in the different. And organizations because a creative director at bbdo is it is probably not the same, you know at another agency, you know, like sometimes we're looking for different things. So, how do you manage implicit bias as you scale? Oh bias like in in in there, you know people reviewing say because this is going to be right back. Maybe we should give a little background on how the gradient works exactly. Oh, so the gradient is a member platform, so We are here for the talent. The talent is our customer the talent can come in and put on a portfolio. And our goal is to basically make sure our talent has access to the companies who are looking for them for our member of corporate members completely different you have to either be invited or you have to request an invitation and or and fill out an application. And what's great about that is we only work with companies that have Have committed to hiring a specific number of people so you can't just come onto the gradient and put up a bunch of job post and and never hire anyone because our number our Roi comes goes down to our customers who are the talent. So our goal is when we bring someone in they are there to look for you for your skills. Like we have someone called just to say do we have anybody that spoke a specific language? And right now, I think we have 72 Two languages represented on the gradient and you know and I was like actually we have three people I wasn't even sure we had someone that spoke the language but so there's all kinds of reasons someone would reach out to us. But again, it's not that it's so I just didn't want it to be in boxes where it's like this is where black people live. This is where you know white women live this because I feel like we have enough organizations that do that but there's no place where we all are together. And one of the examples I give to this is you know, I'm I go to women events I go to women events for people like black events African-American I go to Latino events, but I'm not going to any of the other events I go don't go to any of the disabled events. I'm not going to the lgbtq events and I had a good friend of mine who's transitioning invite me to dinner and it ends up being a dinner that kind of changed my My whole outlook on all of this because I love her and her you know what she's going through is very different than anything that I can even imagine as a woman, but I go to this event and these women are living as black women and dying like there is a problem in our city with these women being attacked and I hadn't looked at it from that perspective. I'm not going to those meetings. I don't know what's happening in the lgbtq community. The way that I should and now I've gotten a lot better since I've started this but that was a real eye-opener for me because these when these women are living as black women, what can I do as a woman of color to make sure that you know, they're getting home safe or what can I do to be a voice there too. So I think sometimes we're so segmented that we are not seeing people and we call it the gradient mirror. We're not looking through the mirror at people my co is you know blond and blue I you know, there are a lot of things that her and I have in common and when we look through the mirror, it's not like oh you don't understand me because of this this and this what are the things that we have in common that we can do better as a company because of and I think just as much as the differences make a difference and making creative work. So do our similarities, you know, you get to the best insights when you can get into a room and have a group of people that are very different and you come up with an Site that will inspire and touch everyone. I think we spend so much time on differences we forget about what are our similarities in our differences and to me that is when creative gets like that's when you look at created. That's the award-winning creative. That's a creative that's hard-hitting. I talked about the crate was probably one of my favorite ads where it was Mom you're doing okay was a Johnson Johnson ad now. I'm not a mother. Not even a fan of children most cases, um, you know, and and if you just had women that were mothers in the room, that would not had the Insight that it had they had a room that was with women. That didn't have children women. That didn't like the Insight was Mom you're doing okay. So as a person that has a mother or aspires to be a mother or whatever that is. I know that my mom did the best so I can You know as an adult you have that perspective. Yeah, right. Where is it as a as a man paradoxically as a as a mom of small kids you may not or as a man you have that perspective like it and what a beautiful way to have creative that speaks to everybody in that room versus us. Just talking about making sure everyone looks different in the ad like sometimes it's just about making sure we can see ourselves through the work so that it moves us. Your question was also online. Like membership right like how agencies yeah, no, no. No, I mean it wasn't wasn't necessarily a bad tangent. But Community has to want to work at these places. So part of it is just like oh which companies are actually doing really great creative work right. Now, you know BBD go has historically been one of those agencies and word lucky at you know, that over there lucky to be part of our community as a founding corporate member, but you know, I think part of what we do to ensure that we do get the best companies for this town to work at is they have to be committed to to knowing listen, you're using our platform, you know, you have to you have to hire people you have to be thinking about this this Talent crisis that were in in in a different way and you know, which organizations are you aligning yourself with to make sure you're with them because if you're not doing Any of these things we pull back your membership. So they're so the staple is to what Bennett said that the big staple is that we want our talent to feel like they have a place to be and our goal is to grow with as our platform grows that we grow with a talent. We're going to work with our town as much as we can by having job fairs and different events on teaching them things or things that their request and so basically everything is The talent wants up to what Bennett said the agencies so the agencies are called corporate members. So corporate members can be Brands. They can be agencies as well as tech companies Publishers Publishers wink wink. The goal is that we set up we set the company up either by us giving an invite or you request an invite and then what we do after that is it's important to us. That we know which organizations you're working with because we do believe some of the organ we have to work on with the organization's our job is really to bridge the gap to get you people in our technology. Hopefully, we'll do it faster and cheaper for you because what we're able to do one is have an industry compliant place and I see that twice an industry compliant place to put your work. Our goal is not here to show off your work to you know, the world our job is to show The best work that you have two people who are looking for you to get into their agency and its use a industry compliant in that we can we don't work the work we're hands on the work. So when people, you know, we forget and me being, you know in healthcare and finance, you can't put work out online. If something happens the company can get fine for that by finra by, you know, the FDA it's not compliant. We don't you know most A tabs do not have permission to put that work up in many cases. The agencies have to get permission to put the work up. So it has been come industry standard. The challenge is that we also have a lot of people that put up work that hasn't been purchased or has it been produced and so that's how we get theft the aphids and people are like how they get that idea. Will you have it like just flat out on a site where anyone can learn just some spec work a pitcher whatever and so our goal is It is to actually partner with the companies so we can be an official partner because we are compliant to wit. You have to promise or what you sign in a contract to your clients. And so we make sure that we stay compliant with that as well. So the only people that see the work unless you know, we sign off on it and you sign off at as an agency will put the workout in a newsletter of front but for the most part the work is you know underneath you know. No in our back-end so similar to how some creators will have a password protected site. It's sort of even more so sad to look at it. Yeah. Yeah, all the work is protected. Yeah, and then you know the other thing that we try to remind people like a country club you lose it if you don't use it. So right now we have 10 applications in place to bring in the next group of agencies. So our talent has basically set which agencies they want to work at we have sent out. Applications or we sent out a request to those agencies to say. Hey, we'd really like for you to see what we're doing. We then also had several agencies reach out to us and say hey we want to get involved and so that has been great. We started out with three base agencies, which was Ogilvie bbdo and Edelman Edelman was our first Richard was our first sponsor to make sure that we had a base of having some of the largest companies come in and say okay we want to make change and sea change and now we had we're excited that we have 10 some of them are Brands. So we have 10 new companies that are coming in which is super exciting. It's amazing considering you're not even live yet. It's quiet. So yeah, we didn't I didn't want to when you when you when yeah onesie unveiling or what's the can we say it so April we are going to be launching with the job fair. I'm with one of the kind of like sought-after groups to kind of hang out with can say this feel like you might want to talk to them in further episodes been out there called the creative Collective, you know, we're kind of like confirming with them. But we said we definitely want to do our first one with them and what I loved about this we could have went with you know, any of the traditional groups, right? I won't say their names because then they'll know that their traditional but You know, I wanted to go with someone who was young and and excited about creative here are a bunch of people got together because a lot of the events have became too expensive. I mean you I don't think we know how like we're asking people of color or young people forget to throw color off the window, you're asking someone who has decided to be in this world of creative get paid pennies to live in New York live with two roommates that may not smell well to do this. The thing that you love right sounds like an autobiographical and and then you in order to go to an event for like two or three days. Someone's asking you for two or three grand. So unless your sponsored or someone likes you at the agency or can't show up you now need to come out of pocket and you know, just make sure the divided. I mean it's gonna be only people who have access already. Yeah, so you're so when people are like, oh, we would love to hire more people of color, but we can't find them I asked. Where are you looking? Because if you're looking the place that cost 4,000 to 10,000 dollars, I guarantee you those people want already have jobs because they wouldn't be there if they didn't have an expense account and number to all the people that you have alienated or the ones who can't afford to be there because they had to work they can't just take the day off or to can't afford to be there because they need to pay their bills. I don't know that thing called bills. So what I liked about this group is one they you know, they keep their prices really low because the goal is to have have people actually show up get to the people that haven't been able to have a voice they get all those people that go to those big expensive events and they have them coming plus a John Legend plus of this person see Ellis Ross and Alina matsoukas, and and yeah, they're actually doing something that you know is today and and the people of the industry are showing up like they're selling out events within 10 minutes and you can't like I Not get a ticket after a day after they it was up for a day as I go. I'll go tomorrow Souls. I said how in the world of Mike who runs this thing. Can I get a ticket? You guys have something good going? Yeah. So good about the creative Collective is there well known in the New York young Creative Source of color Community for their annual conference called culture con last year. They had it at this like really nice space in Brooklyn. Probably you're right. Didn't Conde do it thing. They last you guys did I was like you were a spot? Yeah, so I'm going to put that up there. You're like, yes, and we sponsored. So Eric probably understands how how crazy the demand for their previous event, which had John Legend as a headliner last year. They had probably they had who was it Sean Combs son. They had a Melina matsoukas. They had a ton of people Jack their prices up. Least a hundred dollars and it still sold out within half an hour to a full hour like, you know, we're talking about a lot about biases and a lot of the conversation is implicit bias. But you know, the more we're having this conversation. It's clearly more systemic bias, right, you know kids who can't afford to get into portfolio schools kids who don't have the right opportunities to get their first jobs. And then when you are at those jobs, you're not in the right position to go to those learning and current opportunities like conferences. So you're just behind the eight seven six five balls and it it's cool that we can get to partner with such an organization that not only wants to you know, disrupt the playing field and try to make it even but, you know, try to give our Collective creative industry A Better Way Forward and so when the question comes to us, you know, we want new fresh faces. We're on the ground there because and that's our goal is to Also get on the ground throughout the country because I'm very proud about being from the Midwest right? There's a lot of you know, beautiful talented people. Why are you thinking about it? I agree thinking about it like conversation that's not sold. It was things like some one person know there is a lot of people that we miss and you know, we need to bring them in like I'm excited about working with this organization and as a number of organizations even some of even the traditional ones because they're looking to make sure that they stay, you know, you know positive and relevant to not just the people that they've been servicing for over 20 30 years, but also the the new fresh crop of people that are coming in so we're excited to work with both, but I'm really excited about the first one just because I love the founder and she is I mean, she's just hot like Like super super amazing person and when you talk about having someone that wants to make change she does and what we get to do as providers of just job. So I tell people just think of us as Jobs we get to work with them, but then we can turn around and work with another group that is completely opposite of them or we can work with you know, you know glad or we can work 3% we can work with anyone and it not be about for us like the diversity think cuz we're just defining ourselves by the our members that you're that you're there being a talent to sort of talent provider to almost like a comet right like not necessarily like us or the fact that it's gonna charge you but we're going to get you the thing that you need and that is the right talent and a place to find people like a lot of these events happen at weird times during the year or at the end of the year. A lot of the events have the the, you know, the events happened towards the end of the year or the very beginning of the year. Our Port like everyone knows you get your p&l you're getting your scope of work at the beginning of the year. So right now is when everyone, you know towards the end of years when we lay off people in the industry sadly, I'm sorry, give us a call. But January February is when we call now to let's give him a call look on the website January and February is when the scope is being kind of mapped out and March is when we're getting those signatures and that's when Talent is needed the most which is why we're having where our goal is to have job fairs throughout the year. So the brands can find you you can find them and and agencies throughout the year. Our goal is not to have it once a year. It's throughout we're doing virtual one virtual job fairs for companies that will you know pay for people to relocate. So the goal was to not just you know, you can relocate to Texas or Miami or New York where ever you need to relocate but are Is to make sure that we are getting the us and we're going to focus here for a while. We get a lot of questions about being Global. I like let them let them get started. Let him watch first. We'll wait until just takes time people. Yeah, we're going to we're going to stay here until at least the election and we'll figure it out. So I want to kind of you know, the overriding theme of this podcast is where ideas come from and I think as I mentioned at the outset you both, you know, having worked in the industry and and around it, you know in ways that a lot of people haven't Aunt I'm just curious how would you define a creative idea what is that when you think about what an idea is what how do you think about it? I think of it as an insight into this thing you're asked to do which is usually sell something. I don't want to be so great in there because I know advertising does more than sell but I think it's truly, you know, the realization of the Insight that gets you to this hot creative work is We want to skip to the creative work always but the inside is what brings everyone together and I think if there's can be any authenticity and emotion to it. It just takes it to you know, a different level and if that answers the question, yeah, totally. Yeah. I mean, that's probably my answer to and I think one of the things I love and I both have in common is we both studied physics at one point in time. So we both know about the scientific method already now in this yeah. And it's interesting whether you work on the creative side or work in the Sciences, like everything kind of has this sort of semi educated idea, right? That's almost that's really what an Insight is. You know, it you're not just positing ideas that you know and trying to build something out of it. You're building something with a little bit of substance with a little bit of oh, this isn't just something that affects me. This is something that might Other people like me who like these things and you just choose how you tell the story really? I mean that's that's really what it goes down to but it really is just an educated guess about the world and deciding how best to let people know that this is an idea or where you know, spreading I love the technical explanation. I didn't that I did not expect that at all is They're eating out or strategist were used to that's we just kind of nerd out. How much do you think an idea is worth depends on how much the brand very good. So maybe the maybe let's start obviously we've been talking about what you guys are building with the gradient. But I think maybe thinking about the world that we all exist in and coming up the creative ideas. Do you think it's possible to quantify say a campaign idea the Super Bowl was a few days ago. And that you guys are in the world of talent, right? Like I think an idea as far as quantitating it, I mean I have so much respect for Creative work creativity. No matter if it's music or art or whatever it is because you kind of have to put your soul out to something and show it and I was always taught that your thoughts are Priceless and you don't have to share them and so with that That stated it to me, it's Priceless. I mean, I know we do a job when it comes to advertising but I have been in rooms where people were bringing in things that were personal and they were you know, trying to solve and a problem and brought something to it. That was not I just say the great the gray is in the and the yellows it was like this is how they felt about something so that you could feel the passion. I think when that happens it's it's you know, it's priceless. and if we get a camp paid if that does well of course then it's really is priceless because it lives on forever yeah I feel like my answer is a little bit more dry but you know whatever it takes to put that idea in the best position to succeed you know I grew up in an area where you know the top rappers were given out mixtapes for free and you know they almost got signed by like Dipset and you know in G Unit and I mean sheesh you know there's that there's E L James with the Fifty Shades series that kind of was self-published in a way for a while and but like eventually it's a cold and people just wanted more of it to the point that they were willing to drop money for it but I mean you know yes a great idea is priceless but we do live in a capitalist Society there are brands that have wasted five point four million dollars for 30 seconds of time you know but clearly in Are their eyes they felt that hey, you know, my idea is good enough to get in front of billions of people and if you're willing to foot the bill why not? But yeah, I just think it really does depend on the idea like obviously, you know, we working in an industry where you know, sometimes we'll have to do the the guerrilla marketing for you know, five thousand dollars, but it can probably be more effective than You know some of the stuff that people got to see for the first time on Sunday. So how it from you guys is point of view. How is how hiring criteria is changed and maybe more importantly, how do you think they will evolve? I don't think they've changed too much sadly which is why we are kind of coming in now. I think that they they have been changing where clients have been demanding more of the people that are doing the work, you know, it used to be, you know, you know the agency were you you know, I called it like, you know, here is the pitch team and then they disappear like after it. I mean, there's all these things that have happened over in our industry over the years that clients now are writing into their contracts. Like whoever pitches must stay between this time and this time, you know, you need to now let us know when people are leaving like I think that has changed but it's always been a client initiative. And so with that stated with recruiting I think with the me to movement we've seen a huge shift, right, but it's Give everything is always reactive and and in order for our industry to stay above like stay ahead. We get to start doing things, you know before we're reacting and right now I think we react to most things. So right now you've seen a lot of leadership come up after me too, which is you know, as a woman. I'm super excited about it, but is it reactive or is it something the agencies actually believe in is it really going to sustain and so I Question always is in the back of my head because there are they just reacting and then on top of that they find a reason to get comfortable again. Yeah to what we spoke about earlier. Absolutely, you know, we tried this and will not work or have the senses come out. So that'll be another reaction. Right? So will now know how many people of diversity is there. So then all of a sudden I think we'll have another push because the clients will realize that the numbers are bigger than they had thought. Thought but to your point do we go back eventually to this very complacent like, okay. Let's go back to how it we know it works because the senior leadership isn't changing that much. I think that's a great place to rest and I could talk about this stuff all day. Thank you guys so much for being here. Thank you. version final is recorded in the Conde Nast podcast Studio on the 24th floor of one World Trade Center in New York it's edited and produced by Brett Fuchs design is by Alicia Haberman theme song is by able Paris at commuter special thanks to all the CN xers who have contributed and thank you for listening until next time