Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two Port the show you support your ball sack from one guy supporting his ball sack to another order manscape today promo code Bobby balls to get 20% off your new lawn mower. Today. We're going to start this right on into our Sports bit now a little late on this but it's something that has to be addressed for the post-fight shenanigans that went down. I want to talk Deontay Wilder. Went up against Tyson Fury and a heavyweight boxing match. I think they did it at the MGM and it was Tyson Fury absolutely annihilated this guy. I mean just absolutely bombarded them. And and I have to be honest. I actually thought Wilder would win the fight. I really did. I didn't like the odds the way that they were didn't win the fight gone. Absolutely pummeled. Here's the issue I have and here is the reason Why were here on the sports bit right now Deontay Wilder through every single excuse in the books known the man and as a heavyweight fighter. The last thing you should be doing is throwing excuses. If a featherweight wants to come out there throw a couple excuses here and there by all means it looks a little bit better than a big massive six foot four 225 pounds heavy weight making an excuse now, I'm not sure if you saw the entrance Tyson. A fury it was this big spectacle came out on some stage that he had people carrying him in on into the ring. And then Deontay Wilder decided to show up in a full-blown suit and mask and after the fight had the nerve to say that if he didn't come he kind of looked like I don't know like a stormtrooper from Star Wars the way, you know, the gear that he had on. It was like a costume it just it looked Dick ulis but what he claimed after the fight in the media was that if he had not warned that suit, he would have won the fight because the soup put so much pressure on his legs. Now how ridiculous is that? It really is. You are the one who chose to walk into the MGM dressed as a Storm Trooper. That was you Deontay Wilder if I go to Six Flags on a 85 Read a in Los Angeles California dressed as a Storm Trooper shame on me. If I complain that it's a little too hot shame on me. If I complain that, you know, I'm sweating a little bit. That's what I asked for. I'm the jackass that showed up the Six Flags looking like Stormtrooper so I couldn't believe he had the nerve to say that it just sounds at this point. So ridiculous, you know, it's like if Seabiscuit could talk Seabiscuit complaining that Didn't have an 85-pound jockey on top of them that he probably won the race and I think he's set himself up for failure for the next fight because now you know, he's going to wear a smaller costume. Right? But if he loses the next fight what's his excuse now, he's gonna come dressed as a feather. He's just going to be as like he might even not even be wearing the shorts. He may just come with his dick hanging out. It's something you know, if he if it's better for his mind that that's why he lost but you don't Say it publicly you don't is now it's done. Yeah as a heavyweight fight you chose to make that decision if you decide to drink 15 tall boys a Bud Light don't complain about a hangover the next day because you're going to have one and just moving on from that, you know, as far as these entrances into the ring, whatever happened to the good old days where your eyes are just down on the floor staring into the abyss. Just fired up music playing, you know, could you imagine Like Sugar Ray Leonard and Alberto Duran doing that coming in on a stage? Tyson Fury was on like this Throne whatever happened to the good old days. Imagine Muhammad Ali walking in on a throne. Just keep the head down stay locked in there's a certain build to that. It's one of my favorite parts to the fight. Now if I may Tyler, I think the only person In sports right now that does have a valid excuse and I actually feel for the guy believe it or not is Josh Gordon wide receiver for just about every other NFL team. You know, he bounced all around couldn't keep his shit together. The NFL has just come out with the new policy that they are no longer going to discipline players for marijuana and if you know Josh Gordon, And you know his career you got a feel for this guy because his family had to pack up and move more times because he decided to smoke a blunt. Then you can imagine he was getting kicked off team after team moving placed the place. I mean and now they decide to come out and say that it's going to be legal in my mind. It's kind of like a drug trafficker sitting in jail for 30 years, and then they decide to announce that drug trafficking is now legal. Somewhere L. Chapo is sitting in his prison cell going motherfucker these sons of bitches putting on his regular street clothes. I mean Josh Gordon cannot be a happy camper right now and you know it even like if you think about even Jeremy tonsil member the guy who it was an NFL draft. He was an offensive lineman out of Old Miss Clara me was the lamby lamby Consul big ol fella and he got absolutely scolded dropped I think like One he picks in the draft because he got caught smoking a bong a video released the next day and now they're going to come out and say that it's legal. So Josh Gordon, if you're out there listening to the brilliantly dumb show somehow. We thank you for listening and our apologies for the shit you now have to deal with any who moving on Grace, you know another thing that just boggles my mind what some of these delivery services put your driver through put their driver through it's very convenient for the customer just sitting at home waiting for whatever the product it is, but it is gotten so beyond the point of just delivering a pizza. I mean nowadays you could order anything to your living room. I'm in a mall the other day and you got to go into a parking garage. They have designated spots in the parking garage just for these services. And I mean I if I'm driving I mean you're going through hell just to find the spot and having to go into the parking garage walk into the mall walk through a Build-A-Bear Workshop just to get to a Chick-fil-A for an already cold sandwich bring it on back through the Build-A-Bear Workshop and then bring it to the customer and have to worry about the customer being upset. That it's cold and you can't blame the customer but at the same time you can't blame the driver. I mean, it's just Madness what some of these drivers have to go through. I mean this guy had to literally go to the mall to get this customers pick up order it's fact and how do you walk through a mall without stopping at Auntie Anne's or a Brookstone? You don't play in one of those reclinable chairs or whatnot. I mean, how do you expect this driver to bring you your meal hot and on time? He's got to go through a hold them all. I mean, we're just putting these guys through hell. I needed to order Band-Aids the other day. You know what it's like going into CVS right now going to get Band-Aid. It's not as such an easy process as you would think that it would be. Have you seen how many Band-Aids CVS has in stock Tyler? When's the last time you went to go get a Band-Aid and CVS? Probably honestly like last week cut my finger on something yet, and they couldn't decide they got ain't in particular finger Band-Aids. They got round Band-Aids. We Are One smooth different sizes that look like they fit the same size wound. There just has more of the little flap on the end, right? You may be treating the same wound, but you're going to use a different band aid the treat so if the customers not specifying in the comments section, what body part you're working with on the Band-Aid that driver is For a rough fucking time Grace triangle Band-Aids waterproof. Band-Aid small Band-Aids. Big band aids CVS is like the Bubba Gump of Band-Aids. They got all types of Band-Aids there. I mean, it's just what these guys got to go through just absolutely boggles my mind. It really does. I mean you could send the driver to the Staples Center for your favorite popcorn from your favorite popcorn vendor go to section. Teen not 116 they put a little more butter on the popcorn next thing. You know, you got to find parking at the Staples Center just to make eight dollars. You know, what I was wondering. I was actually on on one of these the other day. Yeah looking for because it's I saw 7-Eleven. I'm like, how do they do seven to eleven 7-Eleven deliveries and one of the things was the taquitos where the you know those like shit, but they have different flavors as some are not available and I thought about this delivery guy. It's so funny bring this up if they don't have the one I picked. Did he just take a guess do you just go to the jalapeno that yeah and just assume that I'm gonna be okay with that or does this guy know have to call me at 7-Eleven and ask me? Oh, hey, they don't have this one. Which one do you want and mind you it just even for Los Angeles any 7-Eleven. I've been through you got to pay the meter if you want to go in so are these delivery services reimbursing the meter money to at? It's just there's so much that goes up to I think we need to start giving credit to these. These drivers and start understanding when something comes cold. I mean I really do. Ah shit Grace, I did it again. What did I do cut my nuts with another shitty razor. Those are the screams. I used to make when I would cut myself shaving before I knew about manscaped. Thank you, manscape for turning my loud shrieks in the multiple Peaks the manscaped engineering team spent 18 months perfecting the greatest ball hair trimmer ever create and just release the new and improved lawn mower 3.0. So with one guy with a set of Calls to another guy with the set of balls take care of your balls use manscape today getting 20% off all manscaped doors when you use promo code Bobby balls. Yes, Bobby balls get you 20% off all manscaped order today. Take care of your nuts today folks. Don't you dare? Leave us stay right there. Just a brief moment to let you know that if you want to go podcasting you got a voice that people want to hear. Here you can do so on the anchor app. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started back to the show we go. Now Grace, I mean, what do I know but I did used to deliver pizzas. I think the best way to approach one of these apps. There's some people that do the two drivers system. One of the drivers see one in the passenger seat and they work in cahoots. So they went let one off one side one runs into the store this way you don't gotta pay for the meter. Yes, you got it then split the profits but from an efficiency perspective and keeping customers happy for tips. I'm not opposed. To going with the to drive or system which is something you're really starting to see in Los Angeles here. It's very innovative. Anywho Grace time to keep this show moving on. Well Grace Ibrahim. Call me crazy maybe so but last time I checked I do believe it is indeed that time for everybody's favorite segment of the show. What segment is that? Little bit of a drum roll, please here so I can let you know. That's the ass Bob segment week by week by Week Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, I tell you fine folks. Here are the show fans of the brain only dumb show submit your questions for the ass Bob segment anything you want to know anything that's on your mind that you're curious about want to get it off your chest by all means do it file on into the DMS. Ask your question for Bob doing. So was Mike Mancuso at a Los Vegas, Nevada? Ada Mancuso would like to know Bob. I know you're a big pickup basketball guy who would be your starting five presidents to run a pickup game with I love this question II got a kick out of this question with all the president you have to to worry about. Look I'm a basketball guy. So the five presents I'm going to pick from my starting five based off agility based off what I see when them leadership whatever it may be. Here's my starting five on presidents point guard. I like Harry Truman as a point guard not going to blow you away with quickness, but sees the floor well and a guy that I really think understands the X's and O's of the game. So if it was me, I would give starting point guard. I could see Harry Truman kind of conducting the ship faced a lot of adversity with his tenure with Russia was able to build through that if we go down 10 to 15 in the third quarter. I like Harry Truman As my point guard in the pickup game that brings us to a shooting guard shooting guard a guy that's shown he could shoot the rock. He's a South Pole. That's okay. I could work with that coming off a pick and roll. I think he got to give Barack Obama than not at the shooting guard. He's got the Chicago toughness what I like to see not afraid to sacrifice the body and has proven time and time again when he's had celebrities or whoever was at the White House. Let's call a spade a spade. That's what we adieu on the bridge only dumb show Barack can knock down the mid gate the mid-range jumper and you got to have a guy there that's gonna knock down the mid-range jumper. So I got Truman feeding it over to his guy Barack from mid-range that leaves us to a strong Ford strong forward. I want some height little bit of an agility but a guy who understands the fundamentals of the game. Who do I get with that Abraham Lincoln I Like Abe Lincoln as a strong forward brings a lot to the table now. It is able little little tall for a strong forward maybe so I like at all lengthy team. Look at the Milwaukee Bucks. They're doing some damage right now. I could absolutely see Abraham Lincoln fitting into that strong forward roll for my pickup team. Also another thing you get with Abe big-time Clubhouse guy. I don't know how anybody can I that but you got to see Abe as a guy who can kind of wrap. Rally the troops a bit, please. Excuse me, folks while I take a little bit of a cough here. What does that leave us to are Grace? We got to fill the power forward spot fill in the power forward spot. I'm going Ronald Reagan double are a seasoned vet that understands his role on and off the court. Look Ronald is not going to give you 20 points a game in your pickup game. He's just not what he is going to do. He's going to give you good quality minutes, which is something you need out of the power forward plays both sides of the ball. And in late minutes of the game is going to knock down the free throws from the charity stripe. I like Ronald Reagan in the late minutes of the game at powered forward. What does that leave us with? I think Tyler we need a big fella know I like the roster we have now for a big fella what I'm going to throw in there kind of got like that big baby Glen Davis type structure to him. I'm given William Taft the nod as our Center. He's an For sir not afraid to throw the body weight around. I think he showed that a little bit in his presidency really could dominate the game. I see William Taft having a great little Skyhook. That's good. Just to kick kiss it off the glass A little bit not all they're fundamentally, but the sky is the limit with the right coach got a little bit of a Zion Williams singing to him just kind of lower the shoulder and bulldozes way through the paint William Taft is unfortunately. Lee not around to hear that, but I would really like William Taft as my starting five Center. What does that bring us to Grace? What it brings us to is not the end of the show. It brings us to another question here on the ask Bob segment. This is why we were so quick to the ass Bob segment Justin Berard from Jefferson City, Missouri. Ready, Joe Colombo the founder of Trader Joe's past this weekend Bob. I know you're a big TJ guy first I want to give my condolences and see what your thoughts are Justin. Thank you for the question. It was a question that that I had to ask and I wanted to touch on because in all honesty Trader Joe's is the cream of the crop I go there every day. If not every other day my condolences to the colombe a family. Lee we lost a good one, we really did this guy didn't just Master food. He mastered the entire shopping experience it really that it's a different world going into a Trader Joe's why in the world every Supermarket is not dishing out free samples of bacon wrapped chicken samples is beyond me totally enlightens the spirit gets the pallet work in a little bit. That's what a guy like Joe colombe a the Founder of Trader Joe's dead, and I love them for that. Now any place that does dish out samples? I always and I had spoken on a previous episode that I would kind of have to go through my entire system in order to get the most out of the samples Trader Joe's was the only place where I really didn't have to be cautioned about how many samples I was taken during my shopping experience. And the way that my theory kind of worked was a the first step in your Ample experience is you show curiosity in the sample. Look very curious in the sample. So if you're looking at a bacon-wrapped scallop that they're dishing out show a lot of curiosity like you're a potential buyer on it. You know, what are these all about? Let the let the person dishing out the product kind of talk you through what it is get them involved. Then you take a lap around Trader Joe's or wherever it may be State when you come on the second time state that these are very good make it. On that, you know, you're coming for a second sample because the product is good. It gives the guy dishing out the samples feeling good and it shows that you're going to have an honest shopping experience. If he sees you at the sample line again, which he will then at that point. I just throw a bunch of shit into my cart. Even if I don't need as much of it just throw it all in there third lap around show you're a paying customer and a good paying customer. That's your third chicken wraps caliper. Right there, whatever. It may be fourth be blunt. You come around for that fourth sample, let the person know that you know how ridiculous it is that you're now on your fourth sample be blunt about it. If you want to ask him. Hey, how many more rounds do I have of these scallops by all means? Ask him? How many more rounds you have? You may tell you two more rounds. He may tell you five unlimited then you don't even have to eat lunch that day. So just something to keep in mind it but Trader Joe's was the only spot where I started. This Theory and then I really didn't have to because they have they're so welcoming. I just grabbed as many samples as you want. They got coffee there for you. So Joe Colombo, you will be missed. I mean if I walk through a Whole Foods I'm walking on eggshells. Every time I go to test a sample because God forbid you try and go around through at a Whole Foods. It's just a different Beast. You don't have that same type of welcoming feeling. So what I did here to wrap up the show here. I actually did I would like to I'm not going to be at the funeral but I would like to provide my own eulogy here for our guy Joe from from Trader Joe's and here we go. Good morning Joe. I remember the days. I used to get so frustrated with you. I would walk down the aisles of your kingdom at Trader Joe's with a puss on my face. You were so selfish in my eyes. I can never understand why could not just get a regular branded bag of Cheerios. It always had to be traitor Joey owes. It was always about Out you Joe and that bothered me the thought of having to go to two different supermarkets just so I could buy cleaning supplies and laundry detergent just disgusted me, but it didn't take long for me to realize the true greatness in your master plan Joe. It was a wicked cold 68 degree November day in Los Angeles. I was on my fist sample of the new vegan mac and cheese bites you were introducing to the store when I realized Trader Joe's is so much more than just a grocery store. It's home. Joe you and your employees took me into your Fortune 500 company with open arms. You never asked why I would spend my weekends from 8 a.m. To 10 a.m. Sampling or complementary new dark roast. You never asked you never asked why I was in the 10 items and underlain when I clearly had 16 items you never held me responsible for not losing my parking ticket and painful price. You just open that garage gate without any questions asked and Joe that's what I hope Heaven does for you right now because nobody Deserves that more than you Joe, even when the dairy section has expired tags on most of its milk cartons. I vowed to still buy that carton of milk Joe. I vow to keep buying those 22 bottles of Pinot Noir, even though I know it only cost you nine dollars to make thank you for Paving the way for supermarkets worldwide. Thank you for showing me the way grocery shopping is really supposed to be done. It's a pain in the ass that you guys don't have a Trader Joe's loyalty program. But Joe you have more than my loyalty you have. My heart rest in peace Joe rest in peace. And with that we say sayonara folks. We will see you next week only on the bridge only dumb show. Keep in mind we discussed it on Tuesday's episode this coming Tuesday. Footage of our time with Forest galante host on the Animal Planet drops. It's an absolute heater with just some wild wild content keep an eye out for that folks on Tuesday. We will see you next week everybody. Have a good weekend now.