It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end of this video you should understand why you're not not getting bookings because you're going to squarely look at a couple of these and go. Oh my god, of course, that's exactly why I'm not getting bookings and then you can hit the ground and run with these Solutions. Number one. Let's talk about your booking rules. It could very well be that you just have some things that make it hard to book your space. A lot of hosts will Implement a 2 day 3 Day 4 day and minimum stay maybe just on the weekends and this can work in your favor until you forget to take that off for last-minute bookings. I and many videos tell you don't use a minimum night stay and instead like Jack up your rates. So you stay in search. All the time and I do recommend that but if you don't want to do that, you don't have to what I'm going to recommend that you do though. If you have a minimum night stay shut that thing off about three weeks out. So you've done everything that you can to fill up your calendar with 2 day 3 day or four day stays by creating that minimum. But now if you don't have any bookings that is probably one of the main reasons why you're not getting bookings I was doing market research. I believe in Las Vegas and there were homes that were like big big houses and some work. Pletely full and some we're not getting any bookings and one of the ones that I thought would otherwise be a leader in the city because of all the amenities and everything that and offered it had afford a minimum and it had basically 10% of the activity of a listing that did not have afford a minimum in its same category. So this one does affect your bookings now, you can leave it on for the future to try to get the best bookings first. We all believe in that and then last minute shut that minimum night stay off using what's called a rule set. You can use a rule set and make your minimum night. Stay one day. And apply it to all dates in your calendar. All right, and number two this one can be also easy. It's just a change on your Air B&B settings. This is about your fee structure of you may have a 200 dollar cleaning fee or $125 cleaning fee for you two bedroom house or $70 cleaning fee for your one-bedroom or studio. Now good on you if you don't have a minimum night stay but this also prevents somebody from booking for a night or two because when they see your listing price and then they see this gigantic cleaning fee, it could deter people from booking. I've been a be testing no cleaning fee or cleaning fee or Or a $40 cleaning fee or $32 cleaning fee and I'll tell you that for a studio or one-bedroom $36 is about as high as you can comfortably go to not influence. Your last-minute bookings, right? I'm you can have a higher cleaning fee for further out and longer stays won't mind is much but 36 is good and I'll tell you that 20 is actually bad the problem with the $20 cleaning fees to gives, you know advantages of a cleaning fee and it still gives you the same hurdles of a cleaning fee if at all so I'd set it somewhere in the 30s low 30s if you have a studio or one-bedroom And my rule is basically $35 per bedroom is how I set my cleaning fees. Now if you think cleaning fees is an obstacle. What you can do is you can actually try not using a cleaning fee at all shut that off and use a different pricing strategy that involves not having a cleaning fee. That one will allow you to decide if it's better for your type of listing just to say hey $75 or $110 and night and when somebody goes to book there's no like inertia or secondary decisions that they have to make they can just decide they like your home see the hundred and ten click o are And if he's okay, that's cool to click click click done. You can do that and it may just work for you. Let's move on. Let's get somewhere else in Cartagena to get into number three. All right day to Cartagena because breakfast yesterday took forever and now we're shooting the rest of this so outfit change, but number three for what you can do to get more bookings you're going to focus on your title and your thumbnail photo otherwise known as your hero photo. This is something that you don't have to take new photos to accomplish. So don't worry about it. Your title should be SEO heavy which means you can show up in Search if you do it, right but it also has to be attractive. It has to flow in a way that people will want to read your title and want to click on your title. So your title and your thumbnail pretty much the first line of marketing for your listing before somebody decides they're going to click on it. So these are the two things that you can change to get more clicks. So I'm going to show you examples of titles that we've written for our listing you'll notice that we talked a lot about having King beds. When we have them we talk about being near something of importance. We try our best to make sure that they flow naturally that they don't look. Look like a bunch of SEO. Jargon or SEO garbled so that way people can like read it and it flows off the tongue and people click. We like to include what's free, but we like to not State the obvious see obvious would be that it's a two-bedroom two-bath, right? That's something that I tend to not want to like eat up my listings title real estate on but the fact that there's free coffee free parking. They may not have known that they may not have been searching for it. But that could be a value add that in the title. They're like, oh, wow, I would actually like some free parking or some free, you know fast wife. Or a pool. These are cool extras. I didn't know that this would happen you put that in the title. So that way your thumbnail photo can communicate whatever needs to communicate and the title communicates other things to be included. Your thumbnail should be welcome post. It should have good color balance. It should be nice and clear and professional seaming and it should be inviting to get people to click on your space Air B&B. If you look on their homepage about 20% of all photos include water a lot of their photos have this like very specific wood and blue color. The nation that comes from the water but it also comes from I guess how the homes are designed and there's a lot of natural wood in the photos. But Airbnb likes to push photos that show natural wood and show water. There is a high percentage of them that are outdoor shots. So a lot of times it's not actually even the living room that they're showing you so water outdoor shots are mixed in well this orange and blue color mix that will show you those are all important. If you can't get shots like this from your home specifically you can go dig up some stock photos of your neighbor. Like in Houston, for example, you can use the Toyota Center or George or brown or the bio or Memorial Hermann are anything that is relevant to your listings offering but this allows you to read it pretty much reach into stock photo bank and pull somebody else's photos out and use it for your own. Now. This allows you to like get extra photos for free. You don't have to take these professional photos, but there are available for you to use in there and try changing out these thumbnails and see if you see any real traction by utilizing a different one now. I Ilse most every single photo on Airbnb is on the high side of exposure meaning if you look at exposure chart where zeros black 100 is white a lot of the photos, although the colors are on that upper half. It's a very bright photo overall. Now you could argue to contrast this to make sure that you stick out if everybody else is doing what everybody else is doing, but it's still best practices. So unless you have a good reason to break best practices still keep your photo well-lit all around number four. We've talked about a lot pricing. I have to give this a not even though we've got tons of videos on the topic because pricing strategy does lead into your SEO which we're about to talk about here soon as well. See you may get for bookings a month and then have all this space in the middle and the space in the middle. That doesn't get booked is largely. What's going to cost you a lot of your revenue for the month. We've like I'll put it in a I just did a video on this so your calendar when it's completely open is the most attractive for travelers as possible that somebody staying for a month or three weeks two weeks two days. And book your space. You're the most likely to get the price you want when your calendars completely blown wide open and nobody's booked. It's when you have bookings that get like in your calendar that will compromise how long someone could stay with you at that space that causes you how to have to implement a pricing strategy. So for example, if someone is checking in two weeks from now on a Wednesday then 13 days from now on a Tuesday, you should be dropping that right probably by 35% because it's just going to show up so much less in search because anybody staying that Tuesday, Has to check out on Wednesday There's No Way Around It by doing that you'll increase the amount of times that when somebody sees your Tuesday that they'll book your conversion gets higher and it makes multiple day stays more attractive. So somebody staying for five days includes checking on a Wednesday dropping the price on that Tuesday makes the five days more attractive and if that day was not going to get like booked anyway, because it's like right next to another booking and you commonly see that you have what's called orphaned Days by proactively dropping that price you prevent orphan days and you get more bookings that are flush together, which I'll gives you a A shot at a hundred percent. Now another thing you want to think about for pricing strategy is the fact that there's so many last-minute bookings on Airbnb small groups individuals. They all travel last minute. You're going to see in your performance tab that those like this this Arc where it goes from 20 percent a month from now to like 70 80 % like today, like when people arriving today like your areas 80% full so you want to be mindful of your performance tab because results vary per area, but if you are only going to get like 35% booked out of these We have ten listings, right and so having multiple listings helps you here. If you only have like ten listings and only three of them are booked and you only think that you're going to have three booked a day of arrival and everybody else is gonna be like 80% cooked. You should be dropping your rates last minute to get full to catch back up to the market. There's a caveat for holding out here. This happened to me mid-December and Philadelphia There's a weekend December 14 15 where we were 30 percent full ish made know, we are 50 percent full and the rest of the market was like 80% full. We are collecting about $40. For night that everybody else was and we held our prices and that day as it came became a hundred percent full and people started booking with us last minute at our prices that we wanted. So that performance tab will show you are there unusual spikes of occupancy where a lot of people like that, you know that that two-day stay and that way you won't drop your prices on extremely popular dates for your area. But if the whole city is suffering from like 70% or worse and that's the best that everybody's going to get and you're stuck at like 20 30 percent. That's It's when you drop your rates to catch back up to the medium of the market Because unless the markets going to overbook. The only way to really fill up is by you know, giving a better deal to people if you don't have a lot of time left that's going to be your best strategy for last-minute bookings number five is one that you may be able to do for free if you've got the furniture for it already and you're just misclassifying your home or you might have to invest in like some rollaway beds. For example. So occupancy count how many people you can keep in your home has all sorts of weird secondary. Thanks to your listing. So not only can you sleep more people which means a bigger group can pay you more money to stay there which they tend to want to do but by showing up in more searches because you can host more people groups of 8 will find you where you normally didn't have that. Let's say your place to host five people to two-bedroom house. You've got two queen beds and a couch. Well, if you buy some rollaway beds and make that number eight or buy an extra queen size bed for one of the two bedrooms, so that that you're already at seven now and +1 rollaway bed makes it a you go from five to eight. 8 then that way groups of 8 will find you even if they don't want a book with you because you've raised your rates because now you have state you raise your prices, even if they don't book with you, you're still showing up in searches more which gives you SEO boost that's good at the rate that you've just chosen for five at eight. You're probably way more attractive. So if you don't change your prices, you're going to get a booked a lot more because you can host more people because people will see that you place could sleep eight like your place just looks better on paper just by being able to sleep more people now and so aside from the SEO Boost from More people and doing that you're also putting your listing into a category of less competition see every listing that can host 16 people can host for people right? But not every listing that can host for people can host 16 make sense. So in this case by bed being a bigger listing when groups of eight search, there's gonna be a lot less properties available. So it's easier for bigger homes to kind of Meet the bill that's required in order to get a booking because there's this less property available more people will book your listing for larger groups. Oops, because they have less options, right? So if you're having a hard time competing at your weight bracket move up in weight class oddly enough that'll work. Add some beds increase the amount of people you can advertise you can stay and you get multiple SEO pricing and of course supply and demand benefits 6 is another one that you can do for free. You can simply re list your property. Let's say that you don't have good SEO you don't have good title or description and your photos were junk for a bit and you didn't have a pricing strategy. I need this for a while. Your listing is underperforming because it's got a bad year. It's got a bad track record for a while. So airbnb's already decided that your listings unpopular and it's like already dropped it in search now, if you do everything right you can get back up and start to get 90 percent occupied where you start to get this rare find or rare gem icon on your on your listing and stuff when people are searching for you, but that takes a while and it's an uphill battle. So if you don't feel like grinding it out to get to the point where your listing naturally gets good in search you could just cut your losses and Roasting that's it. So to do this you go to the top where it says create listing and then you select your listing and hit duplicate listing. And then the only thing you really should be careful for is when you duplicate a listing when it shows the map of where your place is hit the back button and check the address with Apartments, especially they like to drop the apartment number and you might have to re put that in their homes are less of an issue with this but just check just in case anyway could they could happen to you and then people show up somewhere that like and they'll be like, what's the apartment number and I'm like, oh shoot we and you can't change. Change it. Once you create a listing you can't go in and change the address. So by relisting you get an SEO boost you get the new listing boost. All right, you get that for like a month now and so what they do is basically the in good faith. They allow you to try to prove that you're interesting because airbnb's algorithm. They told me they referred to it as an interest algorithm. And so with new listings, they don't know if you're interesting yet. So they give you a month-long boost and it gets you to the top of search for a while and it's your job to stay sticky. It's your job to get bookings get reviews get people to stay fill up your calendar. Hundred percent of the way getting a hundred percent full and having a lot of user probably two main things that you really want to do to continue to spin up your SEO outside a good reviews. So those are probably the big three so recreate your listing to get back in search fast and then in like put all these practices into play and you should stay at the top so number 7, let's say you've recreated your listing added a rollaway bed change what you plan your title to be. Well now you should go in and do like an SEO check and an amenities check. There are I'm going to nerd out on something, but I'll keep it short of premise. It's something called a Boolean search for binary search is 0 and 1 you either have a pool or you don't you either have a gym or you don't you either have parking or you don't you have coffee or you don't 0 or 1 and there's a lot of these 0-1 checkboxes on Airbnb. So when people are searching they're going to check things that matter to them like instant book entire place. They want for beds, even though you know, it's a group of four. They want for individual beds like four guys traveling for work. They don't want to bunk up. So these checkboxes are Boolean search options. And the moment you don't qualify you fall out of search. So what you want to do is you want to load up on these amenities every single amenity. You can imagine Lee argue that you have you want to have it and check it and complete your listing that way so that way you always show in search because remember you want to show up going to be clicked on you want to be viewed and that leads to more SEO right? There's that's enough to be said for that. Now there's other aspects of this your delisting title should be SEO heavy or keyword heavy to show up on Google king bed sweet in like near the Call Center for example, I had a listing in Houston for like three years and it was a two bedroom with one king bed in each room and we call it double king suite grade for executive long-term stays something like that. I think it was shorter because the title has a character limit and it would show up on the first page of Google when you search for a king bed Hotel in Houston. It would show up on Google first page. And that's why using keywords that King better. So important in your title. So your title should have a natural like flow though. So in the description, you can do more of this and I would It all to the first three lines, whatever you think will trip. Somebody's keyword search. If you put in the first three lines when someone shows you the preview or when Google shows you a preview of a listing it's going to make all the keyword matches in bold. You've ever searched on Google you've seen there like these are your keyword matches. So you need to put it at the top of the listing because it doesn't scroll down for a guest and show them the chunk that matches in paragraph 3 of your description. So put it all at the top so free parking or stuff like that should be like in the first couple of lines so that way you see more relevant when you do get a key. Keyword match and they click on you because they see a lot of bold letters on Google cool. Now another part of like showing up in search aside from eloquently writing your description to include keywords and still be fun to read these you should fill out the rest of it. Airbnb wants to see that you've completed your listing you need to complete at least four additional text boxes outside of the description. So you've got this neighborhood about this home other things to note getting around guest access just fill them all out because that again in a way is the go it's going to give you a listing boo. Another thing you can do is complete the accessibility survey take photos of things that prove that your home is accessible for disabled persons and that'll give you way more views because there's a huge supply and demand Gap right now for accessibility. We're going to talk about that in a future video. I'm talking to Airbnb about it right now, but there's things that are too far like I do not put my cancellation policy as moderate just to get on work collection or family collection. It's not worth it are DNA shows data that the strict cancellation policies make more money than than not then moderate or flexible. So I Stand My Ground on my booking policies for strict, even though I'm not I'm work collection, but everything else, you know, go nuts and fill out everything else that Airbnb wants you to do aside from moderate cancellation policy and Smart Pricing stay away from those and you should be fine. The last one now. This could be free could cost you money depends on how bad it is, but you can redesign Andre photograph your space now, it could be as easy as just moving around your furniture. It could just be that see you may have had a listing for a few years and it did good back whenever Use less popular, but now that there's more competition. There's a higher bar to meet right to be competitive. Now it also that you Furniture is getting old and you're getting bad reviews because the place just isn't as awesome as you used to be. So if you're going to recreate your listing in your listings a few years old, you should refresh the space reinvest in the like the stuff that's high where and make sure that that stuff is New Again. You may just need to buy a little bit of De cork add some color to your space. So it doesn't look so Barren or Stark and get a little pops of color that will show up in your photo. So it's more attractive. So that's one Thing that you can do rearrange your furniture look for stuff that's high where dispose of it buy new stuff. If your listings older make sure that you have enough Decor that the photo can be Lively and busy and colorful. This could be just accent pillows on your on your couch with a throw blanket stuff to go in your coffee table, you know, like a little bits of art on the wall that you're missing plants Greenery on the like floor plans like tall plants. We violate the same ones from Ikea we've got tons of them those things will make your photos look better and then of course when you take your photos, make sure that you practice good best practices for taking your own. Those if you're not going to have a professional come in and do it for you if your photos are not professional and there's nothing else that you can do your listings already well-designed Etc, but it's hard to get good lighting without bringing a professional in then you have to hire a professional if there's no way for you to get good photos without invoking a paid professional you might just have to do it. But if you want to do it on your own and you can even do with a smartphone you can you just need good even lighting see this camera does something called bracketing which means it takes a dark photo like we're it. We're only left a little bit of light in It takes another photo where it lets an average amount of light in and then it takes another photo where it keeps the shutter open longer. So it gets way more light in I can take three identical photos at different levels of light and mix them together and make what's called a like I'm high dynamic range photo and I can make professional looking photos myself because I have the camera for it and we talked about how to do bracketing and stuff like that in our course that we're about to release but if you don't need if you can't do that because you don't have a like $1,000 $2,000 camera, then that's okay. You can still do it with your iPhone. What you want to do is you want to have good even lighting so you need enough light in a whole home, but you need to have it even so that when you take one photo, you don't have super bright super dark spots that contrast is what makes it hard for an iPhone to do its jump if you keep your lighting nice and generally high in a photo and then it's all like the evenly distributed your camera phone will do just fine. You won't confuse it and I recommend if you can shoot low generally like four feet high and then shoot across the room. So you get a little bit of floor little bit of sealant. Laying in your photo. You can even do Pano photos with your phone to get like one really big wide photo and then you can kind of crop in and get the perfect amount of crop to get the perfectly composed shot. It's also better to overshoot a lot of photographers who will shoot more than they need and then they go into the editing room and choose which photos perform the best so photo best practices. We have other videos for that in this channel as well combine all eight of these and get good at all 8 you'll be unstoppable. Essentially you will have the best listings out there. You'll always be booked and you always Be booked at the price you like that's going to be Wicked awesome. So I hope you can apply these for those of you have any questions because these don't squarely apply to you. A lot of you had interesting listings leave your questions in the comments and I'm in Cartagena. Sorry about the noise like the audio quality. It's tough to shoot when you're traveling with a group, but we brought a videographer. We're Introducing Me found us on this channel. We're about to go to Medellin looking forward to showing you guys around on the strip in Colombia, but for now, thanks for watching Airbnb automated remember to like and I'll see you on the other side.