If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt this afternoon, so That's what we're going to do. Yep. Enjoy. All right, so we got Matt Stokes on night. What's up, Matt? Or finally be featured on this wonderful Dude Hayden podcast. No had to get over tonight. No, I don't hate you. I don't hate Duke. I hate Carolina, but I don't do that are designated hitter outfielder pretty much anywhere you put on my thinking play. Matt tell us what's been going on lately. Well, we just got definitely It's like a table tomorrow, which is a pretty big midweek for us. We dropped a home game to home two weeks ago, maybe like forward to maybe and then we play new very Wednesday got Barbara this weekend, which is kind of like the Duke and Carolina for us. Yeah. I mean, it's not Tobacco Road, but it's 45 minutes down the road robbery kind of thing. I guess that'll work. All right, so and that's usually a pretty good series to I think yeah. There's nothing they reloaded pretty good this year. So, you know, it's gonna be pretty exciting to head down a little some take them on this weekend for sure. Hmm. See you around line up and get you hit something worse. Yeah. We'll see. All right, so last weekend. Nope our last weekend. You had pretty pretty good series against Cho on I think you went. Let's say three four five four four six. I believe you had a couple of yeah, two big hits one of them. I have them written down and yeah, I had a drink or two but I forgot them but you had a I think somewhere around five RBIs total for that series and you just like you were seeing the ball. Well, so just tell us how you got there what you're seeing and how you felt through all that. Well, I'll tell you what my mom did make me go your contacts over Christmas break so that has that has helped a little bit. I've felt really confident played I struggled last year, you know getting put in a little bit and I'm like confidence. And I've just been working at it and I've never felt as confident as I have, you know, as I do now, you know, I have a little guardian angel watching over me now. I think that's something to do with it for sure. I mean here in the guys cheer for me and poor family, you know, you look everybody's here for example over and it makes it really easy to have a little bit of conference at the plate. I guess you can say that you look the whole lot more comfortable to me the during the show on series. Especially you look like no more comfortable at the plate. Paid off really good tip. So let's get through some questions here. So, of course you are now a redshirt Junior right your mouth Redshirt sophomore at um, oh and I've seen parsed like partially what goes on in a day for y'all but like a z on my baseball player. Y'all do a lot in a day. Can you walk us through some? That or an average day and the spring must see Monday we live. Oh my group lives at 17 the morning. And then usually we head over to the calf get a quick bite to eat. Then I'm in class from 9 to 150 and then usually I'll just get right over from the field after that. We start perhaps about 2:45 and then go to 5:00 5:15. Sometimes depending on what we got going on the week. And then we'll get after practice high-intensity. Make sure everything's ready to rock and roll for the week. Like I said, whatever we got going on and then get down Prejudice and like tonight. We have that substance abuse meeting or whatever panel and you know things like that. We'll have you know, if your fresh sometime in the fall, especially in the fall, but not usually the spring but that's usually usually an average day of practice or whatever. Well, you guys go down to Catawba tomorrow. You'll come back tomorrow night, right? Yes, sir. We will usually don't usually come come back and forth. The weekend will stay which time sometimes we're getting back at 2:00 3:00 in the morning and getting up for an 8:00 a.m. Or 9 a.m. Stuff. But yeah, that's what we signed up to do. I guess, you know, yeah power through it. Yeah seems to be working out. She all right. Now, you know you only lost three games on the year three games. Yeah to two games on the year. Games I play yeah so far and I've been real impressed with everybody this year. Yeah, every single one. I'm really impressed with both hands and our arms this year. I think we really got some some dudes on the mound this year which allows us that were over not hit the ball very, well. They'll keep us in the ball game and all it takes is one or two big head stuck kind of busted open. How many how many new pictures did y'all bring in this year? Well are 1 & 2 are new because retard right up. I think he's coming. Back though. I'm not sure so I wanted to is new I probably got. Five or six new guys may be okay, and then a lot of the guys, you know from last year making improvements every has made a lot of improvements. He's thrown the ball real. Well Harrison star on the bar really well, but then G prevents you look good in come in against Chauhan it is looking sharp. Like it was last year Hunter Stevens. I can't say enough about him. Yeah, we'll have it. Everybody Jake. Ow, Houston DeCarlo. I love of God man. That's was really really Camus in bogans. Yeah. One thing I've learned one thing. I've noticed about y'all this year. It may have been a little bit last year. But especially this year at any position. It didn't really doesn't really matter. It looks like to me that if somebody happened to go down or for whatever reason y'all got guy into in the Dugout waiting to come right back and you don't lose anything. It seems like you've got a lot of dick. That's what what pieces to is. How much debt we have this year. Yeah. I mean you can take the guys on the bench and probably when a midweek to yeah, that's just as a good part about out all of his where we recruit. Well there it would recruit so good and everybody on the bench is ready to go. No matter no matter what the situation is. Really? Yeah, that's what it looks and everybody has that that dog mentality kind of thing. Yeah. It doesn't mean you don't miss a step love to see it. But the overall the team just looks really good. I've been really impressed with you guys and I'm real proud of you to appreciate that and they're really they're really good group of guys to be around. They're definitely Brothers. I never had for sure. Well, oh, they are Bunch. They are a good bunch of guys because I mean all the time that we spent around them. Everybody's really really nice and always willing to talk to you. Nobody has an attitude. Yeah, and they love your podcast. So she has a lot she ate y'all listen tell you what I'm about to jump. I'm gonna jump out of baseball real quick in the basketball. I noticed I was looking through the playoffs last night. Your high school is right up there again, I think a charter. Yeah, I guess I believe so. Yeah, I forgot who they're playing. I looked it up like You know when your last college this year to have guys come off the bench. You can shouldn't I mean coach gave he knows how to coach basketball team and I'm pretty pretty blessed to call him really good friend of mine and family and now he knows where you doing down there for sure. Do you know you guys on the basketball team still? I know Axl. He's a he's a point guard this year. He's a senior. I think he's going to Piedmont to play basket. I'm not sure. I don't know where he's going. I don't personally know anybody else. I don't think yeah. Well, I brought me I probably would if I saw a roster, but I'll solve my head. I can't really yes. I was I think if I read it correctly, I was trying to look. Two brackets last night and I think I don't know if it's just for the eastern part, but I believe that the Eastern Championship, I guess my final for whatever they're calling is going to be playing in Greenville it at min-ji's at ECU. Yeah, they are they played awake and the final four and then Senior Year state championship was a Carolina. That's when they want it my senior year there were always fun to be around they Let me count travel with the team and they really took me under their wing just blow the apart of it. Mmm. No, I mean I'd like to our I guess I'm an honorary state champion may be over here in basketball. That's well. We'll see how far yeah, we'll see how it plays out sure to be on the radio or TV or somewhere. What else you got? Ya do have a couple more things real quick. If you're comfortable. Are you the I'll let you read some of these tell us about what 22 means to you, you know, obviously you wore a 22 over the weekend and leave thats me his number. Yeah. Well Well, we were 22. This year and man she was tearing it up buddy. I think you'd best over 560 was he's doing good. At school and then I came into a locker after I've gotten back after that week. I was gone and 22 is hanging on my locker. I looked at the guys rounds like whose number 22 because I call the top of my head. Like I knew it was watched number, but I was like, I'll share a locker with somebody like what's going on here and there was a note in my locker and it's red like Stokes. You know, this number is yours. As long as you're a Trojan if you want it and I just I just broke down because what is the only person who's ever worn 22 at Mount Olive, I believe and he let donk we're at his senior year. I think that's what I just said. So 22 is a 22 is a special number at school, but it's really dear to my heart to obviously and I think that has something to do with my confidence at the plate no more. No, she's watching over me. Even before my dad always right at 22 and a little cross in the dirt just is the kind of this is kind of little you know, I'm not gonna forget about you kind of thing. I guess. Yeah, and then I'll take a deep breath and look up the sky and tell her I love her and digging box. Actually. I just think she's following me down and I mean, I'm trying to keep up with her. Now. You said the standards pretty high? I think I think you can use pretty you met her very proud this weekend. Well last weekend to made her and the entire family proud. Maybe that's why I don't know if you the the hit the first hit you got down in Charlotte that day. I know you've watched a video, but I don't know if you can hear the guys at screaming the loudest to that video. It was me. That was that was emotional for sure. I've got to the kid of that morning not told what I was like look, uh, I don't know if I'm gonna be able to like mentally, I don't know if I'll be able to play you know, like he said, okay, you know, right I didn't expect even sniff the field really. I was just kind of there and trying to keep my mind off of it and I was out talking to Mom and Dad and y'all been between game 1 and 2 and Gore said I think they're leading off and I was like, all right. In The Dugout watch said you're leading off and playing second base. Mike second base. I'm placing my face is like we're going to give you a not bad. We'll take you out on that. First basketball West that was like, all right, whatever and then the borderline. Oh one slider called First Strike. I got down low to which I always did it me and never did. Took another slider and fellow the fastball and then he was looking out for me. Got my first Collegiate hit, you know, and our last question. It was a double so it's kind of like I got setting a pace and I cried and you know, but you tagged it for sure. I'm with you there. I was about to cry myself when I saw that ball hit the ground that one had a shot go over the wall. That was off the bat. I was like no. No step is not going out and I'm just glad that God of a little a little soon because I think I might have called if you want it don't you know, but well no, I know a little bit. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Well we got any time left. Yeah. We got a little bit so real quick, you know, you've been having ever since I met you you were always mean force your baseball player. I met you your money, but Before then tell me how like you came to love baseball. Like what made you choose baseball? My grass but it's all right. I don't know. I always told Dad that I wanted to play in the NBA and he kind of laughed at me. Nice arse like all right, I'm not gonna play in the NBA then no, sorry playing baseball. And then I play travel soccer till I was I was 10 or 11, maybe maybe maybe a little younger that I stopped doing that played fall ball and ever since then I was playing travel ball now play showcase and I've had really good coach. Along the way and a lot of eggs big-league guys have been still a lot of value in to me and I mean Chad Tracy Ross Road, John Ennis all them guys. They still check in with me today and it's just really nice to have guys like that in your corner. I'm extremely grateful for them and they definitely fueled my love for baseball. They have to mourn my dad to and pop all in all of them and my family's been really big supporters of me and that's helped a lot. Yeah, for sure. So yeah. Well, I friend of ours you've probably heard us mention Damone here before hail and Grace and from over an angel they were at the game Saturday and I want him to hang around so he could meet you but they had to get going after that second game, but I was telling him about you during that during the second game there. He stayed and watched and I was telling them about you everything I knew about you and everything. I'm out told us about this kid is he's baseball priests. 55 mat inhale was saying yeah, I'm a health coach is literally bought and he said that's good. He said that's what you got to have to get anywhere. But they were really impressed with you to they he was real black happy for you as well. They'll probably be back again. I'm hoping maybe we can hook up and you get to meet them one day but a sure absolutely I have one more non-baseball related question. He knows it's coming. So how bad mistake be do tonight? Oh God. only 12 I saw that it was six and Happiness and yeah your place. Okay, I guess it Cameron. and I think spread something I'm thinking like 7471. So there's going to be a high-scoring because Duke doesn't play defense. Well the three ball it could get ugly again like it did in Raleigh. You got more confidence than I'd only I think it's going to be more like 80 to 250 because we first of all K isn't going to lose three games in a row. Yeah care and that's converge in you that yes, you're a beast but still ACC play, you know, it's it's a rivalry if you will, you know, I'm saying yeah. Yeah, I mean I don't know Robert Gamez. Good get crazy. Well, yeah, but but State the state is not consistent at all. We we we play a good get we wipe Duke out that night and then that's the best we can barely we barely played the next two games. So yeah, I mean, we barely beat pit Saturday. Yeah, so I don't think my fear is we're going to play Carolina again in the conference tournament. And we're going to lose. Yeah, probably a lot worse but predicts the mr. Settings for tonight. That's pretty good. Has always said Duke lives and dies by threes State lives and dies by we don't we yeah just died and it dude. Don't play his own. Yeah, that's what the state's going these 22 for but they want to play Man all the time. Look at that. That's right doesn't perform well against the Zone either. So well, we barely perform against anything so well against Duke. Well that that was a that was a rare thing that night. You probably won't see that again for 25 years. I doubt it. But anyway, look I did you just I'm just counting on Duke to stop Carolina over the weekend. Yeah. That's no way to fucking come together on it agree on a man. Babies is blue needs to be a little darker. No the boys and powder blue over there. Anyway, all right, we're gonna go and let you go. Keep it in the ball hard. Yeah, man. It was a blast. We appreciate your time, and we maybe we can do it again. Absolutely. We need to have one of them debate podcast when I get down to your mom. Of the bay podcast you want buddy? All right, I'm gonna hold you to that hold me to it because it's gonna happen. Alright was all right, man. All right Bruce.