Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m. At The Bigs agree Dignity Health Sports Park, whatever. Call it the Home Depot Center Home Depot Center before we get to that will make this as short as possible. Go to this real quick. Attach any of teachers TV spots. Yeah, I did not I did I only saw the this is that they put on the online but I didn't catch any of it live or whatever. You understand. Those were TV spots. I just asked if you saw if you catch any mean so you did see something then. Yeah, thanks. He's I seen some of them see one of them actually that's to today Brian you okay? I'm not I'm just tired. How about that? Yeah, it's not an excuse. Anyway, the gear one. I think it was I don't know how you guys feel about it. That was a total, Miss. I don't I don't recall laughing. Yeah, it was done. We'll just it wasn't funny, but it was well done. I means I literally thought it could have been a show back in the 60s. I guess. I think that was a point. That's how show has how bad shows were back in the 60s? So I guess I thought that was pretty cool the yeah, he did that challenge you got on the first try what you dunk them in water you do that on the third and I'm up there damn Yeah Usher will set before him. Um, I like what he said in the interview and the interview portion when they asked him where this a the arrivals he's like, good luck. You're gonna need it. I hope so. You know, it's I thought I saw they they put that but they should have put his other quote because I saw the actual interview. He says right before that. He says any message to your fans and he says LA. Are you ready? I'm like, all right, get me up. But yeah, is This Ellie? Are you ready? And then a second later to rock? It was like what? Yeah. That's good. One question. It just goes off. He does. Okay, so I'll be wrong. So what one of the things because I looked at the I don't know if you guys saw the one with he did with the Scorpion Dorado. Yeah, so I don't know if you saw that but you know, one of the things that they brought up was that he became like he he stop being shy or he stopped being politically correct as far as in the soccer community. As soon as he got Diego as soon as he hired Diego to be his coach like his life coach. He started opening up about everything. He started doing videos. He started like not the Vlogs that we see now, but he started being more out there. He'd stopped caring a lot about what people thought or said about him and he just started being I guess himself outside of soccer. So it will need to let him know that other people need a chance to talk to. Let the man talk dude, just let him talk whatever. Well enough of that. We'll talk about Diego another day. There goes the autographs yesterday. It was yesterday meaning greet and the ferris wheel lighting which I still haven't gotten this will make it three years when I roll ahead on see you. However long they been doing it. The point is I've never seen it in person. I was of the things yesterday. I wanted to go to the to one of the at least one of the freaking signature things autographs, but couldn't couldn't make it. Yeah, I was the work stuck. So I was unable to make it to anything any of them. We understand you you live in Indiana or wherever you live Arkansas, sir. Ella forests like the tornado hit you good. Yeah. I mean I live close to Bell Gardens like Julian our house cool, but and I couldn't have to give me off the couch, you know. See what you mean? He's super cool man future starting right back for the LA Galaxy. Yeah future. I'll wait till then. Look, I guess we all live we are going to go. It's not the Black Arrow event tomorrow to get 20 bucks. You guys know if it their tickets are still on sale for that a minute. Yeah. I've seen absolutely nobody speak about it. Maybe you should go spending. Do you get your spending ways and try to get in for free now my table crowd specified not gonna touch that so I just want to do a quick shout out quick. Shout out to Nuria Sam. And this other girls named Miranda. I don't know if you guys saw they they worked them three. On the mural that's next to Nikki Sports in downtown. I did see that shut up today. Yeah. Look at this. That's the help. Hell, yeah. Hey, dude, they're cool. They're they're large people. So I mean, hey Maria just came back from Mexico for painting murals for Mexico. So not bad come back to do one for the Galaxy. So scoop it out and it's see that that's really cool. That's cool then. No, that's still sweaty. I don't know what that means. But I let's move on now. Shout out to them then if you have I know spending it's to see it. So I'm pretty sure I'm going to be on my own and this and if you see any other Vancouver highlights in either game Yeah, I did actually little bit. I did not if we lose this game, I'm gonna be really pissed. Yes. I was going to say that not just I mean, it's not just losing the game. It's also be the result regardless. I think that Cooper's literally the measuring stick for the league right now because they were fucking trash from the highlight of an extended highlights. And then I mean the stats may be say otherwise, but I don't like shots. Market but they're like wait outside with it. I put it to the keepers heads and Fortune those counts and the shots on target something the stats tell you much but with you could see in this game. Fuck that see this trash dude. They were at home opening on Turf. Oh my god, dude in Kansas. I mean I said that Kansas was going to be better this year because of because we know they're they're all the injuries he had last year. I don't think you it was a fair fair season for them, but I like I said I think is the measuring stick. So it's going to tell us how good Kansas is how bad we are how good we are. Didn't we already beat them in the preseason? There's no way we should be losing to him. That's the scariest part about it. Why you think we going to play into what they're going to be playing into? I don't even know what they know what their tactics are. There was nothing in the highlights. I showed any kind of continuity between the team or the defense for that aspect. They didn't attack through anywhere really they were just kind of getting rebounds the goal that they had was one player taking on Suzy that got a bad angle in a bad bump down the down the wing. I don't really don't see anything that they you can say. It was their strength and the weakness though is definitely Are right side woman should have an absolute field day with those whose will be biggest thing the biggest thing that that they said over the highlights was that their average age for the team right was right over 25 years old, which means no experience. We should induce to it tonight. Are we realistically thing with the thrash on the team like that? Well last year was pretty bad for them. Booty because the end of the season here. Yeah, like the one the one Vancouver. Yeah, they were that's only three. I'm thinking about Kansas City. We swept Kansas City who scored seven of them. Are you saw the wrong? That's what I was thinking of some stinking fucking me. Yeah, but he got subbed out to for for Montero. Tomorrow is a great evening pretty mild acid on early to like 65 minutes in that their best player game itself that is easy five minutes. I'm good with that. He's got to watch against the counter. They're young. So they're fast they can run for days. And that's what college at the end of the game last season where stairs got caught by himself. Jonah was dead and they got the the for 3 at the end. Was it for two I think right that's about it. No ideas for English for three cuz they were going for the win. They were tied polenta pushed up last second to and then they caught they caught us on a counter Koster is two-on-one because Jonah was dead already. His legs are done. I think you're right. I think yes Louis the spacing that on Kansas City was taken o qi charger have a field day with getting shot on goal these getting shots off. I don't know if he'll score. I don't know if he's in in that kind of formula, which he should be by now. You should have never been out of form, but because that they were making he should want to eat up this This poor defense. No, I absolutely put it again dude. It's fuck this game. Like I said, this game is a measuring stick though, because I wonder if it's a combination of both that Kansas. Is that good in my career? Is that bad or is it all her scans? Is that good that so once again, that's why I think it's going to be a measuring stick. I am I personally am worried. I'm I don't know why I feel nervous. Like I believe that we should come in and just fucking roll over this team because not only was there with it didn't look so bad. It's their home opener on Cavallini guy which is supposed to be like their DP star for the do shit. What if he shows up against us? Well last week our biggest strength to the team was the defense. So do we worry much about that or is your worry in the center of the pitch where the center mids are at? Because that's where we didn't really see any production from them last week. So he said they're young they can run. So my My worry is on the offensive in dude. What if the Galaxy absorbing pressure again, and they can't do that all season long. I really really think that's what would In the last game that they just gave, you know, they the defense part little tired. I mean England, yeah. Yeah, some people say he fucked up that chance should have never came though. They we don't have to turn over. It was not the tournament from kitai. Yeah from the middle of I'm worried about the offensive end of it, you know for the middle up. Basically, that's the least of my worries. We're gonna attack this by One's Gonna have a field day on that Wing teachers should be able to run his Lanes run behind his defense. Just I got I didn't even get through the entire 15 minutes highlight and Kansas City had like four or five runs behind the defense. So I don't expect each other have anything less than four or five himself by himself. You should be running those things all day cation. Maybe I'll finally show up use that big body of his strength and puntito twenty-five-year-old out the way fuck it. Let's spin you ready winter. It's a talk about the Galaxy little bit. I don't know if you guys saw any of the interviews today today was media day. They talk to GPS basically said Joan has been training stairs has been training the last couple weeks. They both trained good and they will both be on the 18 on Saturday. Does that change anything for you guys? You guys think they start or want to get and also GBS said that Don't know how long they'll go for if the play. Then don't start on to me Jonah probably our most crucial piece in that Central. Mid shouldn't have to risk it. If he doesn't have to I stay start kitchen lechona rest don't even bring them in to risk anything. Save him up for next week. It's a long season. I'm going to say lineup. I think one of the reasons I can't I got that stuff down last week was because you don't need to start off the season with a red card and mess up this this team's chemistry. So I don't think it's such a bad idea to keep them the same even with question in there and then you can relieve pressure with with Jonah if you have the lead later in the game and still make the same Subs, maybe not exactly for Qatar, but you can still make the same size for legit. Well, it would have to be cut I spy warning coming off unless it's like the 89th minute and usually use Jonah to lock down that. The defensive side in the Midfield along with Kitty Purry kitchen if you have the lead going in like the 75th minute 78th minute something like that. I wouldn't be mad at that. I think I'd be good for her to plus you want to see him. We want to see him. They know that I don't see them being that dumb. We stand that we want to see Jonah but then again, you know GBS, they start kicking in a playoff game when he came from an injury. That was kept. The routes for how many weeks before we actually find out what was going on, but that's that's a that's playoffs. You know, that's like a do-or-die situation like you bring them in and start them, you know, it's on Turf away doctor. - Minnesota's on our turf grass damn it. That's all apologize. You're getting all your Blues all your Blues confused bro. Got to put him in there. Same thing. I don't think we change anything. If anything we bring Jonah in as a sub just not to aggravate the injury, you know, we do all our three or load 3 Subs this game, I think. I think that what I would change just because of like if the highlights it's like a good example would plan covers like a grown over kitchen or or same question as a sub and put shaping get a scam because I want to run at him. What a good more offensive. I think you know what I would pull out kitchen. Trapping who's going to play defensive mid you play legit and drona did that they've done it. At least one has done it in the preseason and he looks good and you have overlapping and have cheetah running behind her back and using all those Lanes. You're late. They're innocent any scenario where you guys think that gb/s will put kitai will jettison the jet out wide to have concerns that cam player. No, I don't think so. I think he has something in mind already. And that's he's going to stick to it till it works. I don't think I don't think that's a that's a way you starter and the game. Maybe you let it happen if it happens naturally on the field, but that's not something go out saying like her spine up like this. We already saw that can tie that can't I can switch off my phone and we already saw the jit being able to play in the middle and going out wide he I think he did. I think he did find play now, why'd he actually created a chance for himself? We know the ticket, but I lied we've seen it before. Yeah, and then in this offense to its place a strength something I mentioned before is we remember legit for playing out wide, but he wasn't really the one taking players one-on-one. He was the one sitting on the ball and letting Robbie Rogers overlap and letting him take the players one-on-one. So it plays to his strengths in this system with without you who doesn't like you track back or doesn't track back well, I mean, I don't think I really don't see any pain with this game and I don't be mad at they lose a 3-2, but it should be three goals are more just from the Galaxy alone. I know you guys you guys all said same lineup. But remember they said stairs would be the 18 as well. So you just gonna go with the fully you gonna you know, put your trip. I mean if you sorry did Manual The wrong question if stairs is ready to go. I think people is the one that's out right now. Maybe you should go watch the highlights for the Houston game again buddy. Because like I said, it wasn't all alone on Bingham about I mean people messed up big time on that plane. But even at that, I don't think people had a defensive bad defensive game and it was just that little hiccup. We don't even back to me again. How many times are we going to say that about people so it was just this one time. Oh, it's just this little hiccup. Come on. I mean Tucker going to say this. We did something right damn it. I already stated it. I already say that more than one time against playoff teams last year. He wasn't on the lineup. He didn't play well against playoff teams last season our best record came with stairs and polenta in the middle now with people Oh, shut up. I was trying to see odds, but I'm not really good at this. So so you failed. I wanted to see how badly the Galaxy was favored meet up, Mom. Well, I'm looking at this is random site. I put money line and this is seven point four and 1.34 moneyline 7.3. Wow. Yeah. Okay. I think you're reading that wrong. But if it's money 97.3 that means they're 7701 favorite. Yeah. Wow. Wow, what's happening? I'll look it up myself. Do you see them use decimals? But what about you from the you said you agreed with the line of being the same? Through yeah and Brian to basically say the same even with people in there. You know what people think what is same but I don't agree with you as far as the you know, I would still I was still see people stairs just because I'm sure that's what they worked on in those guys know each other more. It is unfortunate that there is good ended up getting hurt. So imagine it looked the defensive pretty solid. So imagine if there is was a guy that we're working with how much better that maybe looks because they're going to be they're going to be worn more in sync and I'm still we did not like an idiot we're sinking and they just can't understand the game the game plan better the philosophy that Then you know first-year Pro. Yeah. I don't know. I see keep it the same I said keep the same as far as the odds. They're pretty much saying galaxies three two, one favorite to win this they're saying that they should win by one or two goals and that the game should be four goals or more. So let's get some predictions. I think this three one Galaxy. everyone move on chi-chan Legit score teacher What about you Brian? I'm gonna go to the same three one, but she just got to score two of them for one. I think it's going to be 3 0. If I think this team, is that whack and where one better than sporting. Let's go to 5 one damn. Yeah, but it's not out of the ordinary. Let's go to chi-chan. Two Pi bonds people that people that people wants that one for Vancouver, huh? It's gonna be an own goal. Thanks for your prediction Eduardo. That's one more than the pulley. I'm excited. I'm excited. First of all, we're going to have the kegger. Are we still showing up at one thing sure is going to be open at 1:10 a.m. 10:00 or 10:30. That's what I read. Yeah, honey. I have not. I have not found this anywhere. Okay. Well you're finding out now. Hey, we're telling you this is a breaking news. They are known the guy since I started selling tickets for the the grass today too. So that thing is going to be wild man. There's gonna be rocking for real. I'm excited Pat. Apparently. It's getting close. Close to sell out there are they having called officially set up? So I mean they expect it to be so we're looking at what 27 thousand plus people so it's gonna be nuts. Yeah. I heard that Rice was going to have the bleachers open on top of when they used to be the Chargers bleachers only they're putting them back up and they took him down. Now they stayed up to all do they took him down? Yeah, we open up the grass. The grass should be fun that was earlier. It was all nice and crispy. They said they were going to cut it before they get Lo the day before the game, which is what tomorrow hell yeah. Everybody got their tickets in the ga. Yes. Yes. Ted will be tap around 1:30. I'm going to say bless you with good friend of the show plastic will yesterday and have you be getting there about 1:00 1:30, you know in good fashion plastic will be bringing the plastic cups. That's why that's all say 130 when I said you had to get there at 1:30. We just want to reserve a good spot a good parking. A good parking. I'm guessing that beer is gonna last till about for addiction 5:30 That's a six. What time is it game? 7-7 on off. I see have 6 or 6 minutes too far. Yeah, we gotta cut it by 5:30. What's a prediction on the on the cake? 5 o'clock Brian. I say six we still have some left before I could take it back. 6G and it's Unwritten - daughter. I say 5:30 and is done say 531 the have I think five five and five for sure. Well guys, here's some good news. I'm actually going to pick it up on Friday Namaste 5:13 513 piece of shit. Alright, if it's Rama try to fucking get the last beer out and it's just gonna I'm gonna just tap it out. Literally. I'm going to tap the sides. Yeah, and they pick it up and hit somebody over the head with it close to me. Hardcore match I also predict me throwing somebody threw one of the beer pong tables. Let me go put somebody's winning and then we could 3D Bryant. Brian and then you have mind white. I do have my white Devon Dudley fucking glasses, you know Brian better watch out. That's what L broke goodies is one to pick up. But if we gonna break, I know I was gonna bounce out of Bounce argument Captain laughing for Brian suffering. Get there early. You can come see what's up. If not, we understand even if you don't drink don't worry, no peer pressure and decide that I don't think I have anything else you guys. Are we good? Imam of ammo Galaxy. Oh, well, thank you everyone for listening. Make sure to share on your social medias whatever streaming service you're using share it with your friends invite up to the kegger and fuck it. Let's get this 2020 homes season off to a good start. They do that get up bring it up. So you can find me on Instagram as Eddie underscore nags on Twitter all together Eddie nags. We're just do the what you do the general one on this on this show. What will do or individuals on the on the neck on the life so we don't just use across the Galaxy man like tv.com everything. All right. All right. Shoot it Brian. Go ahead. Shoot the J make sure to check out our website and all the articles that Andrew will be bringing to us all season on that tv.com. Is that right? An activity.com. I'm sorry, the site is do it is under construction, but you can still find those awesome articles there and all social medias. We are news across the Galaxy I believe on Twitter is nag nag news at night news. But if you look for news across the guys who we should pop up and yeah follow us for any content any they think you might you know, eventually my whole like the kegger and yeah, make sure the sheriff's thank you guys. And we got to keep on nagging keep keep on nagging keep home like it.