Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends.The fuck do I was listening back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes and out of all All the heroes I could have removed. You. Just want to lock the legs May there only for oversleep though. Huh? Only 5000 virtually. Yeah. Oh, I floods Rejoice. You guys can still play McRae and Widowmaker II mean the the public. I mean, they don't get the public you the public they want McCree and Widow gone, right? Anybody you can aim is you just want to look to legs? That's six jump in Given AKA Don't Tell Em he just goes give him a creek give him a Creak Creak animali creative Holly Molly and you'll be fine. I actually loved watching her apples and just seeing the Tombola style. Yeah, that was funny. It was part of it was it was so entertaining to watch. It was actually the best TV the of watch league has ever produced. It was so fun. And you're welcome. Don't slander the the show like that's pretty good, but it was really you got better moments than that. You see the best moment we've ever had in terms of Productions the tumble machine with it in the cards. Come on Josh. I mean it was just roar entertainment. This is the best thing we've done this but it was so just you know, it's funny you wanted certain things to come out of it because it was random and because you could attach your name to the person that fucked up or did it well and so Rios random like, okay. Is random but you could always blame the person like when I pick Team USA over South Korea with Denver. Oh, yeah, which is actually hilarious because before I started picking them by Larry said watch this, I'm going to pick USA versus this I was not I was not as keen on not pinkies on the crew. That's right to picking reinhardt's that's his homie. My homie, dude, they've grown up together this my main you play all run and rank. He plays on your wrist around me and I'm more of a more of a wrecking ball. Can I guy these days, you know, like sliding all over grappling hook though that removing Reinhardt just changes things up the most like that's why I wanted it removed if you remove Diva everyone plays Reinhardt. Yeah right by Karissa. Well, I mean, I wasn't my first choice. I was quite happy with Ryan Devo were also you know, I if I removed Winston I would have been happy because that way nah that we saw from Team. Like Houston and Toronto. Yeah, but I'd rather Change Up The Meta by removing May or well. Yeah, but that wasn't in your hands. That was the hands of my few Morello and he fucked up. Yeah, I'm just terrible Lisa some people some people publicly want to watch the world burn. I just I'm the one lighting my fire believe you with the water maker. And what went through your head here. However, do I had so after I pick the first one I was like fuck and then when I started I was like, And then I was like, oh man me I'm not gonna pick me and then knowing my luck I was like, well, maybe I'll just keep picking the same here. Oh, yeah ever again because there's eight like cards in there. And then when I gave Mitch the envelope and he didn't tell me I had to pick again. I had actually really hard time finding the hole here that blind urinal is your own experience with the blonde with the blindfolds. No, no - mirela like I'll find in a hole like I yeah, I like to see bro, like keep the heights. I saw Mitch dip the the card under the desk and I was like, oh my God, he's switching it out for I and then he revealed - okay, so I'm a creepy cave off. I was like a fuck. So I was like, who do I go there? Yeah, we don't do Fist and may their knob set up McCree kind of every move that much but the real big on this is egregious. Yeah, I doubt coming. I don't support what I'm about to do. I actually really wanted to get rid of them first. I just decided I just like so fun to watch and it gives the shit teams a chance like it means that not everyone's playing the mirror. Yeah the worst over when you become that guy who played out. I thought you will need this. I thought you just wanted the best said I just wanted to be like fuck. I got bitches. Like how does this affect the meta of the first thing that came to my head is fine. Look at his eyes. I love they like a gerbil. That's what your Reviving really really the expression on your face. You like a little gerbil. Hey, look these deaths days are long. I was there like 7 a.m. It was a long a long a long dark whole time was 8 a.m. And we were up at like 6:00 or 6:15. Well, I mean, it's slightly short of know you do but it does not compare. Okay? Okay, but you can say that now but when we get this 7 match days and we gotta be here for 40. No. No, that's next week, isn't it? Yeah, it's finals week knowing how does it work? Those seventh match days will be great. No, I because I'm doing like to they're gonna put him you have to be there the entire time. I don't know. Actually they should they should they should be there the entire time it's kind of like, but I know there are Today's because there are two domestic home sounds yeah. So like there's one of these Coastal one of the West Coast definitely and then there's like seven matches in one day illegal wasn't legally think the computer rooms and I long it leave the room. Keep people in rooms for that, but I don't even keep you chained up anymore back in our day. But you know, they weird shaming on the ankle and bread and water got dip the bread in the water favorite the blizzard Arena. We have to be ready to be on the desk anymore in case this guy fucked up. Do you for what we were like Casas? They might mess up. So you go got you guys gone somebody. Yeah, I guess I was we cannot surrender the emergency phone. We kept it with us all. All time Caster they mess up you have as the guy who just rips his mic off the standard can't figure out how to put it back. Put it back on the casters. We're worried about the cat. What do we think is going to be I think it's coming up. Well, I was looking forward to like Josh her a lot Johnny's opinion first you can go now so interestingly enough those a tweet from sure for that said because Ryan's band he doesn't think that may yes gonna be matter anymore. I don't know if I did. Is that shovels got a very interesting way of thinking about the meta you must be ambidextrous or something, you know? No, I mean, you know what they say about people what does that mean? It's like the population I think but like basically you're handing us depends on what side of your brain you use the most right like that is dominant. So like if you're left handed use your right hemisphere more if it because it's opposite sides to your body. What the fuck does this have to do about it if you're for the next metal bro your Brains, who knows how long what are you trying to achieve? I can't tell if you're praising him or flaming or he's got a very unique outlook on just the game and how its sure for I apologize for yeah. Yeah. Sorry for this must be ambidextrous. Hit me ugly outside. Lookin at lookin for a date, you know, okay and you found a neuroscientist one of the day and now we found her For What by the way this is still about what's the next? I'll get it. I'll get it. We just found this out it though and I was scrolling through and some woman said on a bayou it was like I ate my twin in the womb and I was like, okay, that's kind of weird. But I think I read something about that about how left-handed people they say. What Twins, but they consumed the embryos of the twin before they were born. Did you fix this? This is what do you think but then I looked more into it and they realize that's not true. Oh, you don't say and it's more link occurred. But you know what Billy to cut Mike three like, but anyway what I think the matter will be I still think May will be played maze pretty Bonkers that you did write all of this the same way. You'll still be playing. Yeah. Because you put the map Pool hasn't changed. Correct me if I'm wrong. Is anyone here know I actually map order will change like it does. We actually don't do a great job of covering that all yeah. I don't know when I'm not pull changes. So the map pulled doesn't change for a bit but the rotation of the game mode change. Yes, but she doesn't really affect the matter fingermarks. We're looking at them right now. Like well whose role is just synonymous with me being played right? I think you're still going to see a plate there might be scenarios. Now where teams play like irisa. Missions more but here are we support defy fortify through business Etc is pretty good. So it's funny. But even a racer compositions themselves, we saw in stage 4 of 2019. We saw Arisa being played with May hands. Oh, yeah. That's what I thought when we did the post show. That was the first thing that popped into my head. It was like the ice fishing stuff with like a Risa hog. May Hanzo Batiste, like they're all still there. And even with Hanzo be nerfed now that mom's worried is all There was a change. Yes. It was a bunch of bull. I've bought a lot of change. Yeah a lot of chances but with McCree being unavailable hands who is now the best Shield breaker in the game. So it's not even with hands or being nerved hands or could still be utilized in that same kind of way and just to pick potential is good and people have still been playing a little bit of him on like Hannah Mora in particular. I actually think now that I've had time and not like just been put on the spot that if had the Lucio been gone instead of Moira. That's probably where we would have ended up. Up, but with Lucio still in play. I think you could see like some Winston Divas Sombra doofus. Yes, one more type of place more yoga. Oh, yeah, whatever. We were we were praying. We would absolutely begging for more eager to get removed when Custer was selecting it and he was honestly we were we were just the chat was spat went. Oh my God, man. You should have seen the chat when you were know when you were selecting stuff as well. They're all just spamming May bless RNG But this lot of your entertainment like Custer absolutely pulled out the bag because I think the worst thing to be banned could have been Lucio because then it just really plain bunker the entire time just Ana brake pads gonna start regular on the phone and be like, so I saw you guys I saw multiple thousands of people celebrating the removal Laura. Can you explain what that's all about? Yeah. Well, we would have you kind of imagine how excited we would have been if may have been removed. I mean we exploded bro. Do you die with a already gained? Ligate followers on Twitter like, you know, everyone would have been going did you see how devastated we were I mean actually like the devastation was earlier. I wish was it here? Look at them less orange. He's that's all my Lord the chat was exploding with is one man. Spam feels bad. No, I do not do yeah because if Doom gets by look like I've aged 50 years. Yeah. It was the just so much time. Here's the point where I think I think this is what you pick McCray. I think this is the Widow McCree incoming that's what somewhat just leave it. Yeah, I think I think you could see far are being played a little. Yeah, like fire Tracer. We've already seen been played a little bit on illios. You really think so. Well, I think it's possible. What is my initial reaction to may be in band was like, oh my God. This is to McCree Widowmaker be man is oh my God, this is Dreadful, but With the only thing that is bad now for Farrah is Diva being in the game. So if you can run her alongside, like if you want fire Tracer and you can alway 176 he's still in so Divas good against Farah, but I'm also curious to see if we'll see a lot more Sombra because I think like, okay like you're paying a little slow out Lighthouse or whatever. Farah is pretty far up. You can't really reach her but on a lot of other Maps somewhere is pretty effective at shutting down for a And so I'm intrigued to see if we're going to see more summer and then you get then you pretty much throw in the doofus and you gotta dive come: so hold up. All Sombra Tracer to what I don't think tracers goes, huh? You just see Tracy Baby Bro, maybe something with three being bomb now. I think you're going to see Sombra Doom first racer these kind of picks open up. Yeah, and it's not really saw a little bit Ariana's right, but that's when the maps like souter when they want to go in with like yeah EMP dive comps or whatever, but I think we might see a lot more now on it. It's probably going to open up. But the I'm pessimistic and thinking that we're just going to see Arisa comps. Well, the big question is can a dive composition with like somber Doom of the fire Tracer or something. Can it beat the ice fishing? Okay. I was just trying to Here's a thought. Could you see like I like with Batiste Here's a thought. Do you think there's a possibility we see a lot more of what Atlanta rain played against Toronto where they played at or Position and they play the Baptiste and I think the play Lucio with that. Yeah, they've because then you kind of bring on defense and Lucio when they need it and yeah, it depends on the map but I could see some tour being played to shut down diet well on ironically yeah Veronica. Yeah. It was so effective Atlanta looked great that first day when they were playing those composition. Yeah, but I mean it was a bit of a scam. I mean, it's yeah, it's a bit of a yeah. It's no matter, you know, it wasn't, you know like Taylor. Yeah, but you can tailor. Oh that against any team that tries to run dive into you. Yeah now right like what do you mean Doom is, huh? What you coach? Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. Sure track for me Doom is pretty is like fairly horrible against torbjorn like especially toward ruins predicted by some Shield like doing well liked her and you liked it. There's nothing like but I just think he is kind of almost with his flashbang is like a soft counter to a lot of these pics well and just gets opened up massively now, but you end up with the Torbjorn then you think Hanzo probably comes out to just break Shield breaks. Yeah and what not and then you're now in and irisa. Welcome to Pro Player math and whatnot. This is our Pro players think all the time you're in scrims. It's just math the others we should be Pros, but we're held back by the game. I don't know about you the ranking. Sorry. I'm trying to keep me running across this guy lost four games. That's that's the key you do you play? I placed the lowest I've ever placed in the history of the game. I was it like 2650 PS. I've won like 25 games in a row - well, none of those will buddy. What are you right now? Solar after you win 25 games are already hearing now like 2925. Okay. So garbage it's unreal without you kid, Robert. I'm gonna start solo queue when I ramped up. Jesus Jeff sorry Jeff, that's Jeff specialist is Jeff's when we need to call Jeff. That's the phone we use. It's okay. I think another big question though the drag this back to topic and get away from Brendan rifle experience the better. All right, you have comments, please. Don't be nice to Brand so sometime before you open your also thorbjorn also would be like Farah Hanzo like far. I don't Rockets from this and so I don't think we will see Farah. Because of hands up as well which is going to be weird. But the thing is because if we if we open this up to more risk that comes naturally you're more inclined to run maybe Batiste on like maps. Are you defending and stuff like I could see on control where you're probably not going to be running. I mean, there's not many many scenarios where they also the maps are just smaller is less less, but time to be able to initiate like hands are so pretty good at dealing with it Diva still in the game. Do you wanna pretty is good? Got fire, depending on what your enemy team is playing like that's that's still going to be the case. Yeah, my question though. My big fundamental question is deems have four days to scream this if there's no clear winner was going to see teams trying a lot of different stuff. I know I know I think that's where you'll see teams just default back to what we saw like Toronto do with like Sombra Winston Diva like those types of I think so too if Atlanta play what they were playing and then teams with the what I think we'll see you had a patient that had this system. That's why I'm saying I think it's good. I think there's no clear obvious winner in terms of the matter friends. I think it's a good man taking his mic off again. He's ready to talk teams have been practicing with he romance. Yes already started on these ones, but I don't think anyone's played with McCree Widow burn random. Why not because that specific thing of because nobody I think was expecting McCree. Sorry will awake affecting and percent expecting. They probably definitely practice comms with without me about me and with our Mercury, right? It may is still allowed. I'm probably without Ryan has well, they're just replaying everything. Just all I'm saying is coming to a bit of positivity. Huh? Kiddo. I am positive I'm saying that he actually was I was saying it's positive that teams don't know what to play because then they'll play a bunch of different stuff if things have been practicing everything they have a solution if you can be boring as fuck if you're a coach Johnny, who what would your team be playing this week? Thank you for that question. I can actually provide some insight. I think a lot of teams would just default to what they feel the most comfortable with and I think in this case it's going to be a lot of aggressive competition. Oops, I actually think it could be the case that I know Risa Diva Compass the best one but I don't think teams will necessarily practice that enough to become good enough at the composition to get the wins. So I think people are just going to default to a little Winston Diva Sombra doing these comps because that's what they know and that's here's a here's also something that I think will be interesting going into this weekend is take a look at some of the numbers what the hell's going on. I have one question on this was yeah. This was the best two weeks what one question few people on Reddit. From this I mean, it's read it. So take it with a grain of salt be the same person. So I'm asking you what do you think of the idea of putting votes in the drum thing? Depending on the injury? That's a great idea. I also think it's very easy for teams to game the system then in terms of hero playtime and whatnot to definitely secure the here beginning of the system. So let's be real. I don't think anyone would gain the system because you can't guarantee that you've won. Yeah until you've won that's true. So it's very difficult and There's a random element anyway, but you don't know how difficult this is. Like No One's Gonna throw games to try and I don't think so either now just throw games is don't Place her in here, right? But it's almost thrown to a degree like you're playing some your son bag is it? I mean, that's the definition of somebody and we've already seen teams do that. So I could see things like Chengdu maybe be like they're they feel like they have to play something other than wrecking ball because they know that wrecking ball is going to get rude at some point and I have to be about I want to talk about this coming up next. I think this is interesting that who will be The best because this is something I wanted to bring up this will I think will be the first weekend where we see if actual Like Home Advantage pays off because we're going to Washington Washington doesn't play week for so they didn't have to spend today Monday traveling Oh, yeah, so they have their own practice facility where they can be playing these Heroes right away. I'm glad you brought this other team going played this weekend, so they have to travel to whatever location losing. Expect this so they lose a day of Screams and also your Washington you obviously were watching the whole day or able to have an idea. Let me bring up one brains got it. He's got to spread cheer. We bring up my services use. This is right before ever. It is powering. Okay. What was that based on just their flexibility or just the girl? He's trying to form a how do you fucking want? How do I sort? I don't know. I've known you had to make an equation but none of them. Okay. Yes shock number one. All right. Thank you dear. I don't even play this one company Guangzhou Shanghai Soul. They're not. Okay. Who do they play against? Okay, here we go. The Justice that's gonna be an interesting one actually because I think New York should be great in those kind of messages and quarries that bun been directly. No and also notorious. Well, if you're an East Coast team and you have a home stand you get to play boss. And my aunt were things like get a get a sack on WE placed it on my place boss play you every week biggest. Can we play Boston every week? The biggest winners though? I've got lowest almost in my thing here. I think from this particular hero pool. I think it's going to be London and Washington who are going to be. Alright London don't play London up - but we do have the advantage of being able to scream at us like you're saying but Corey can players hands. Oh, he can play hands. Oh, but he can't play the makri in the Widow. We can say something like a retreat like they can play like Tracer Doom with him and Stratus or something like that Vince. The quarries Tracer is going to be as good as the other Elites in the OverWatch League. I know that everyone says it's really good. But is it like he's playing against a b or B is it's a be all be good. Like I don't think it is. I would the biggest Boon for watching their justices Roar playing Winston, I think because Roars Reinhardt has been kinda iffy while elbow can continue playing the Deep up so I think Roy on Winston and could be a big factor tell you what Stratos can only really play the Doom effectively though. I think like I wouldn't wipe my own ass don't know I haven't seen enough of Stratus to know how good is your bill is yeah. That's who he's here. We can actually see some really nice stuff from NY Excel with like, who are you on will ya do me? Yeah, who are you save your fiance? Go beyond like Sombra then mono on the Winston. It's gonna be so good. I can see some sick shit from New York inside info. Okay from From my scouting earlier today. Okay. I was playing some rank between our clamp the aim custom game. Yeah sure and I came across Dante. Oh, yeah, you're real Dante. You know we hooked up was the real damn thing that ferc. Yeah. That was that was a dumb thing from the Netherlands from 2016. What a surprise Anna Yeah, he was right as inanna bro get his mic out of that good down here. So what you think Scott down you think that in the Houston Outlaws have decided after that first historic win of 2020 the toad-ally no, you can't ask him questions and you think that raucous and repel the instead of doing this weird fancy dance while they all switch over Dante is now going to be playing Anna. I mean, why not Chaka doing it? That's not an argument bro. That's not a good idea. Why do I do this? But I you said it correctly. I did it's really hyperbole. It's like hyperbole hyperbole, but I think I don't know where I'm going with this never know where you're going with actually just talking on I want to talk about Paris. I actually want to exceed as XE XE has effectively been totally fucked. Yeah been best has been totally fucked your smile the Winston we could see no smites Winston, but I don't think it's great. But so my big question we Paris has always been is it the matter is really good for them or is their coaching staff actually just boosting these people up like enormous values. I think the coaching staff is Really really good, but and Paris themselves have been like a top five team in arguably so far over 2020, but still be fine. I threw CC on DPS little bit see it's not suicune. Why not? Yeah. Well, isn't he also kind of ruined by McCree Widow if you play Tracer you definitely play soon. Oh, yeah. Well any I mean that's very play like very small here pool and actually plays Hanzo but he doesn't play it to like an amazing level. Can you play Sombra? I don't know. I don't know Nico carry. 2020. Yeah, I mean, what does that team do though? Do they probably rely on a lot more may because it is rayon DPS you can place on Broadway Summers pretty good. Who do they play against Israel Sombra? I'm calling it now. They are we ready for some brown during the schedule back up. That's cold. Yeah, Huda Paris playing it. So Houston and Philly see that much against Philadelphia is so important to us. It's a what the hell is Carl gonna win that if that was on the previous method if that was on the previous matter, I I think the Paris would be pretty close to Fusion. Well, it's not I think it will be. Yeah, I mean bro, you know the same metal George. No, it's not wrong. Do Philly I think is set in a great spot right side o can play Winston. I don't stunk spewed Fury Fury or tomoko like flip a coin. It was actually got come. Yeah dude, and if the table so excited for saddle was and then what you got an option story. Yeah, and then you have Carpe Carpe eqo. Why I feel you're in a good spot. He sue if you want to play him as well. Why not about money? What do you thing about Boston? I think they are we not will continue but we have a limited time on this podcast. You know, the one thing that these guys did is they hyped jerath every clip of Bren is either. Oh my word or Jerry like there's only only to way to thing Jerry did fuck a known in the Houston game, but I don't know the the Boston Uprising. I think it just kind of screwed the Boston Uprising is like The planning has Washington Justice and then don't they play against somebody else's well, I've done it enough. You think they're really screwed. I was watching them. Sorry. I'm not I'm not saying that Boston. Well, I'm just asking the question for the sake of discussion. Do you think the reason there is a chance that both I know I think his Washington has the extra edge of playing at home having the extra day of practice not having the travel true. Like there is so much working here in Washington's favor. Yeah that if We lose to Boston that is like a really really bad. I try to I try to open up for like a conversation but it's really just over. So let's just move on like there's no point. I don't know why if Washington lose again. Yeah, if they lose again at their Homestead that's wild and not sick anymore. Except. Yeah. I mean it is actually unacceptable especially against Boston. They're being handed a freebie. Yeah. Basically you are giving them a when should we go through our predictions really shocking? Shocking turn of events. I believe we all had the same predictions. Wow. I think we all decided Well, what would we designed the first game? I think Toronto Florida could be a close actually could be a close battle be like one of the closer games. I think see I'm not convinced. I think Florida might just play fate next week if they're going to rely a lot more on Winston, correct? And I don't looked all right. Yeah, you looked all right, but it seemed like they put in faith when they were trying to play Winston and I don't know if that's that's true or not, but I'm concerned. And so I don't know how to feel about that sign up page not playing the same player could play could see bqb. Sombra won't you be surprised helping great. So I think Toronto takes it just because we've seen Toronto play Dive die dial dude. I don't know and now being something that could be multiple such a weird thing to predict. That's a hard because slice right there Houston played these it's about that weird. It's a weird actually. Yeah well, but yeah, I mean, I think he actually did play well. And I'm actually in Toronto, but I thinks we're onto her a team that once you kind of clock what they're doing depends on the maps are going to pull up the map since Matt and I are literally told you maybe I don't know five minutes ago. You couldn't Busan Tower Global. All right, well fair enough, so don't go down without too much. Yeah the maker without Widowmaker. What do people do just play bass. I'm so bad bash. Yeah. They were like, Orissa Diva, huh? To me. I don't actually I'm leaning towards Florida. I predicted Toronto originally I'm taking Toronto a student comps do is I kind of want to go Florida. Why look there's no there because they'll be eclipsed. I'm not really jungle sounds way to Busan account. You can Blitzer World. Maybe this is what but I think the map the map is kind of suit, Florida in my mind. Well, you don't even know what the way we see like some bomb not going to bed Florida because I don't know. Who and was actually an absurd question. I'm basically have a really simple there's no way we see like Ash and some of these positions. Oh, I don't know not too sweet. I saw people in the chat asking about that though, right? I just think that a she's never going to be played when you're playing into diva because they just eat the dynamite year on average. Okay, so we're all predicting. So it's just better Toronto the poppy. I think it's a more reliable protection changing my prediction to, Florida. All right, Charles the schedule like yeah, I'm going to go for two bosses Paris Paris Paris is like a big dog Paris have had all of that really important to Heroes made unavailable and Houston Outlaws are going to play Sombra Doom face with the maps and we're otherwise they look. All right. Now you just paddle into the fans at it. No, I actually think Houston has a chance here Houston as a joke. I mean, it would be like a one-man army with husband pretty much. Yeah. What's right? I'm not predicting Houston now I'm going but I do think the Houston have a Decent chances I like the we Harris are awakened. However, we do have fun without we have Anna with no. We don't know what creatures like me maybe you're on the Outlaws though blase did play really well on the Doom Fest and Dante is just so suited to the Sombra. They could run this the entire time and the and be a genuinely like mid-table team and later on time in their their stuff on D. Really, it's just, you know curve on them. Moira but they can pretty much run that right. It's not running the right. Yeah, you can stop but they can run Winston right and play. Yeah, you can try again with the Mets. It's probably Ruff. I think you find it hard to run my repo without the Reinhardt, but maybe you can try and run something with the rest of the borderline predicting houstonians parecer. It's hard right? It's hard because it's like God I like him way more. I don't know. I don't lie Ben best Winston I place a is just so good. He is God. It's pretty much only. Hey, I have complete faith in the Paris. Yeah, I hear ya Pirates as coaches. We think will carry them through the nine can rush. I have complete. Well, I mean, of course like I got the coaching argument, but when you have four days they have minimal time to refine your gameplay and it's more about intuition while your in game. Yeah, but when I was talking to the parents coaches when I was talking to 9k and talk to gray about his coaching. It's the same kind of coaching his son Francisco where they don't really teach them specifics. They They're trying to really teach these players fundamental stuff, you know and like trying to coach the players to get smarter. And so I think that will really benefit them as they go throughout the season whether it's early enough. Yeah, it's super early and then the hundred so much of the day would be the boss in Washington one. Do we all like Washington there? You've got a yeah, you guys really I'm gonna go with Paris because I think Han bin is going to carry they put someone else on bra and I think and then day to Paris Eternal verse Philly Fusion. I think I think Paris is good. I think Phil he's going to go. Yeah balls out this weekend. I think they're going to play sick. Yeah going to mops. Yeah, I think I don't care about the master Philly. I know I got Sado on Winston. I look if this is like something where if we see Tracer they won you can you can wake up a little bit later that's gonna be a fast or you know, what's what point your point not sure you sleep do that. So watch it 12 p.m. This is see me do my job. Let me make money, you know. Useless friends you can catch the last 15 minutes of it. But well Sotto Sotto Fury with a Winston Diva. Yeah, that's kind of carpe potentially like a tracer them up saw Helios chunk of town. Blizzard World. Junkie Townsend. I don't know what people are going to run. I that's so weird. But also sadow's irisa is good. Yeah, I think they might default because it's hard. I think you have to give this. New York even with the advantages of Justice playing at their own home Stan New York should be like the team that dominates in haribol as well as Philly. If New York don't win this they have a couple of excuses of like, oh we didn't get out of time to scrim on the matter and stuff. But they have this is also one of the odder yeah the otter scheduling so that the Justice are not the last matchup their homestand because you're throwing that'll end with a Boston Atlanta match all I know but he's gonna be watching that. Yeah, you should watch it though because then you can see here a pool. We were the Washington. How can you I don't actually know if you will but watch the polls show arena, but when we were at Washington Home Stan, they are DJ cool, you know TJ cool know what was so I didn't know DJ Kool, but I did know the songs. So what was this a song is famous for fucking what was the song? I can't remember but I listened to the set and it was good, but I was great but they didn't tell people that he's playing something like I'm excited for the Justice Holmes. I think they've done a really good job in terms of venue and like everything they got they're really trying to do just the big Pusher Esports and DC playing through the bike. Let's just Clear My Throat. DJ Kuma you're here kick in and need to wait until he we're definitely not totally into monetization. He replied chat has been playing music through up to the mic. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we don't play enough of it. So a lot of us have the same. God you just love to jump don't you all over the place? Why can't we replace you with Mitch, huh, which is actually good on the - Hey little guy. Will you be in here? Oh man, this would be we'd actually have sponsors by now. You wouldn't be saying anything the measures he bullied you into submission. Well a bitch at least I show up for the episodes. You don't even show up. Anyway, the point is gonna make me have the time. I'm that's gonna be brutal though. Like I genuinely I don't think anybody's gonna be watching Boston Atlanta in the awry. I'll answer. I think you need to read the Elantra then when they the Atlanta game was second. Oh, yeah. Nobody wants your bro. They cleared out. Yeah, if you're a team, but your game at the end. Yeah, I'll enter right now. They're a difficult team to get a read on I didn't have any idea about how good they were this week because the first day they came out in there playing those like thorbjorn anti dive compositions. They Crush Toronto Define Toronto had just taken Philadelphia. The five maps and Atlanta looks really clean and then they play the mirror and they just got kind of food on I also would love to know I'm gonna start asking some of the players about how they feel about the one match weekend. Yeah games because for Atlanta if you look there the last match on Sunday, so do they have to like be there for all of day Saturday and all day Sunday and we all the way to the end of the day to play. They're one game. I said I said, we're travel wise they fly in on all day. Playing it out whenever they like I think because when I was talking to people at Washington, once they had finished their match, they could just leave and they did. Yeah sure for when we were in New York Toronto played the first match of the weekend. That was it. They yeah, they just as good for it though. They got their portable screaming you. Oh, yeah. Did you hear about this? So where did we hear this ice? I put the pieces together in my head. No, no, but we heard in our some like I did you stir it. No, you didn't did you say you're not fucking star detective dog man's Instagram stories? Of so, they I think they rent out a B and Bs and they bring like a giant Kit of PCS and desks and all the shit. They ship it everyone so they don't have to rely on the the host team try but I don't know who told you this remember if that's true good on the organization for actually like Yeah, The Players if this wonderful home, you can get Cox does have fuck you money like the organization that runs the others yet spend it, but they apparently they do they are ya baby baby just out here rolling more like five Rolexes on each arm directly thousand dollars steaks from the previous weekend, you know rajee. He's at home saying we covered a lot of the games already. But anyway, I did we talk about next week before last week because hero pulls hero pool because it's just fun in it. Yeah. What were your favorite matches? I might I I like to London Houston just because it was ABS. Yeah. It was so loud. That was fun. Give me give me a good car crash of a match. Are you felt like Saturday? It's like, you know, what a UFC card they start off with the like the the amateur matches and then it work the way down. I feel like our Saturday was the opposite way around. Yeah where they service started they would loan on Houston and then Toronto Atlanta and then finally yet New York becoming a fan of the London Spitfire because all their matches are just absolute chaos, like fuck. They're just thrown blizzards in the Divas or popping all their old do - we've shot sweet. Bring sweet for the last game to just throw they put a plus sign in velocity. Did I put it did I predict Toronto against Mayhem? Because now I want to change my mind. I've just remembered me. Are you both picked her under the previous the previous matches that Toronto have played they got slapped around by Atlanta and then they failed to beat Houston. I don't know about that. I think I think they might lose. I think Jake's just rolling in through the front door. He just arrived. Yeah. Is unlocked should we all shouted unlock Jake then try to provide some commentary? But I Jake's here. Yeah, he's just flown back there special guests from Houston from useful. And huh. It's been driving me last week his pilot license. I want to talk to the the that was memorable for me. Yeah. Hey, why is the last one? The only ones I can really remember? Maybe this is because I am because you drank all the other ones away my goodness just broken, but the only one that was really memorable was Toronto versus Houston because Houston finally got our first one kind of like faded out of existence. This is what happens though when we were seven matches in one week, everything is blurs together. And I was really yeah. That was how good Paris was because that was previously SLI on the previous day with the plate Toronto. We're just playing like he dumps the they did they absolutely dumpster Toronto. Just playing like really tight double tank double main tank and then the thorbjorn was coming out and then they got bullied by Paris in the in the mirror match up with the main McCree Atlanta. Just their tank line got pushed in. Yeah Paris tank line was doing so well. Yeah parents should be better than they were so argue. I love to see parasitologist performing. I think though. Yeah. It was I think that I mean look the the Few weeks have been nice, but I think this is just a completely different season from here on out. Like I almost feel like you can't even like you can hold stock in like how some of the teams looked I think but really now it's about having the right coaches and the talent of just the depth and talent of players to make it through hero pools where you know, the first few weeks you shouldn't have lost a bunch of games you could have used that as a buffer for later in the season like where if you have a bad week in terms of a hero pool and you can still yeah, but Teams, you should have one before you propose specific teams. Why didn't you yeah Pacific teams though. I mean that's it's given them a bunch of time to prep but they don't know what they're prepping for. So it doesn't make any difference at the end of the day. They just miss out on opportunity to be good at make more correctly and feeling though, that's great. That's why I followed and look at our power rankings before we get after we are Things we actually get to our first sponsored segment ever. Well, we're not doing what you want to do this once a segment us how we're doing with our first-ever sponsor said wait, when do we decide on knees? No, we haven't done them yet. That's done. The point that we struck are going to that's how we're going to do Power Rankings. I'm gonna pull them out of a wheel. Yeah. All right. Well, let's right. Let's pull. Okay, baby. Okay ladies alphabetical order at the mummer's currently. Okay. Well I've eaten for twitch but I RI get Boston down to the bottom. Yeah, because Houston used to live down there and now it's boss. Well, I think Houston maybe next door neighbor still what about Toronto Toronto? Come on. I don't know Toronto so hard to place Toronto between Houston was yeah, I agree with that. Yeah, though. I just I think I do. I yeah the thing that I keep having till I get straight in my head is Toronto took Fusion to five and they looked kind of good there but I think Fusion just got knocked off because they weren't Yeah, the diamond prepared for who would you I think my top four right now are shocked Titans Fusion. Why is the shock number one? I don't get I feel like you got the roster because you can't win an argument why they shouldn't be it was the argument that he shouldn't because Fusion have a roster. That's as good their five Anil and they look sick in here. I'm okay. I said that's my top four. I'm totally okay with the fusion being number one. I think like I should because this I think I don't think I don't think it's I think there's one team I kind of mentioned this a little bit on the show yesterday. If there's one team that has a roster that can go toe-to-toe with the shocks like player for a player like Billy's this close as you can yeah. Yeah. I think it is. I think it is I think Philly is like do not know I'd that doesn't feel right. It doesn't it doesn't feel right. And I think that's really hasn't really beaten great teams besides New York besides, New York City. Besides New York. Okay. Yeah, why do they need to be more than one previously thought of as top five it went to five maps with Toronto defiant lost the map to Dallas Dallas played up to them. I think I didn't do taking things out in advance and it's too extreme shock Fusion woman 2 it's a coin flip. I would say three for me is still New York. I don't I don't think so. I think you'll get NADA yeah. Yeah, I actually wouldn't be at the moment. I want you to pause or above the you think this metal is behind us. You can't keep thinking maybe my Creole but but these power rankings are what we've seen so far. They're not like as predicting next week. I don't believe it is what teams do you think are the strongest going into next week? Yes, and I think you know you only your grandparents gonna treat. Yeah, I think so I think going into Because pirates still have question marks about how they're going to adopt with Ben but I would put Paris right underneath New York. Look, New York, New York with liberal and then I looked a lot different from who are you on my yeah, you've also by think if New York Paris last week Paris win if New York Paris next week, I think you're probably yes. I guess you've also told me I give you so we can put New York Bob Paris. I do really think so that the San Francisco shocked at number one. There is no good argument for them being at number one other than they won last year, but we don't know but not impossible to rank them. Impossible to rise as long as it is like a tie for one but like a tentative so Josh the plebeians are going to take a picture of that and finish and post it saying Clutch Power Rankings. A lot of comments going to be like, why are shot number one still? Yeah. You know like so you worried about combating those people. Are you I lose sleep at night thinking of Reddit Matt. I lose sleep. If I don't get a threat posted about me are day. I you've sold me but but feel that one it generates more about that's a good idea actually. Okay, fine after Atlanta won the life. I still think well, hi definitely vanille know they're five and 0.5 and over there. Come on. Yeah, it does. Okay. So what teams have to be them? They've been in New York they've beaten but there's something to be said about just beating the crap out of teams. You're supposed to beat the crap exactly. That's the point that I make. Yeah. So here's a bigger question for me is where the hell do you put the Gladiators? They've only played one match like the shock it was a loss but it was a five map lost to the Titans who everybody's put in pretty high. I think they look good. I think you put them like after on Lana under Atlanta above. London is so hard. I almost want to just take out all the teams we have I mean theoretically I are want to think they are better than Paris, but I don't think that's I don't think that's right Empire is London better than Florida and in Dallas, I think below Atlanta's a group. Yeah. I was wondering better than Florida and Dallas. Yes are the valley is better than London? Can I remind you all that Gladiators have jarrow me Ruggiero and bird ringer their DS or they play well face like they did play pretty well. I'm happy to give Gladiators a benefit of the doubt but it's the same as the shock. We're just given them the bank hired us feel good about the power rankings are out there right now for the top half. I mean don't long as big Remark to me because on one hand they've had some weird matches this season, but the same time they have Gillis stir and they'll burn our and they've looked really good. I don't know how to feel going into the next matter because we hasn't been convincing on really any Hero at all. Really. So I don't know. Angie was pretty good when he pulled the excuse me. Did you watch that? Yeah, it's Genji fucking pound it out. You know, I actually did. I don't think that was the greatest candy play ever seen. That was like renji. I mean he had heard one good blade. He had one blade now. We had two blades. Did he? Well, I heard the previous one. I remember watching the second one second one. He pulled out and swung it on ice block it Daddy - that no one and then oh, yeah. Well frankly. I don't think you should be playing Genji. It was like it was like one minute of yeah regardless of that but she has shown that he gathered playing I'm kind of something with those those rankings. I think Dallas too high too high to low, Florida. Well, okay, let's think about how they would play this week right like think. Dallas in hero pool. The thing is I really I actually look at this Dallas Roadster and I kind of like it because I think Decay is really good to kind of very good. I have question marks about Doha because so far is only shown us like two fists and Sombra and not a lot more. I want to see more from him. Yeah, I think gumshoe and no not the best but they're still stable and I think that should count for something Krim. So I think it's good. But yeah, I would like to put order I don't think so. I would like to put Dallas underneath because they under Washington I I don't feel good about fraud at all. Actually, no, no shove Washington down one man. There you go. I don't know. I also think that the Houston Outlaws are in a better position this week then then even maybe the Justice. Yeah, but they're just as have the benefit of the home stand right by the moment. So yeah, I feel like putting a lot of those teams and they're so close on the Outlaws. Any higher is just feel so wrong. Well, I mean, I almost want to put Washington over dollars, but I know I just yeah, I feel like I feel like this happen. Time and time again that I look at the Dallas Roadster and I'm like I get too excited about it. But at the same time we haven't, you know, you can't get excited about Dallas until they actually started winning teams Washington has actually looked good at times throughout this season, and I know they had a few weird losses and I know I went Ham on them, but they have actually shown us teamwork that is respectable, but they just haven't been able to convert that into winds especially considering they had the flu and we're tickets are so this is it I heard actually actually seen Washington perform. Well, yes. What about Mike Dallas? I consider Washington getting there as a team. I struggled to find some other spots. Yep. I feel I feel all right about that. That's it. That's it decent power ranking. So now I think that we have our power rankings, then we can announce that we have a sponsored segment here. Oh, yeah. It is sponsored by Brent. Oh nice. What is it a bright player of the Rings player of do you want to do a jingle for it? It's Brands player of the week sponsored by Brent sponsored by brand. You can also sponsor if you want pay us money, but for now let's but Survivor and uh-huh. How does Brens player of the week at selected? What us that's to use I go through social media and I look at just the the amount of clout that's being generated. I'm going to upset our holes that stuff. Hartman now this running back this morning. I said to Brett I was like, how are you going to have any stats? And he goes where do I find stats or we have it we literally promoted a whole sponsored stat tool for the items. You actually may have read sponsorship. We are Tommy OverWatch leave nicely. We had it up. We literally literally has real all I'm saying is I've never felt so brains player of the week sponsored by Brenda. Farm of the week is on here. Actually my player the week is funny after all right. Okay, first ever Bridal server the player of the week congrats Honey. I Shrunk the one you came off your 2020. Okay, the boys got be representing. Oh my God, and you get guys give me shit for always talking about Swedish players like so serious. I can already tell this is going to be one of the most times. I'm just like get your head out of your ass. Like their mother fucking times. I hear you guys talk about UK boys and then you give me shit. Okay, it's completely fine. Okay, you can talk about all the UK boys. They're hilarious. I love them music bam to whatever but you cannot complain about me talking about Sweden late. I actually streams. we never accept shop oh and the boat they could stalk they could go to talk about funny Astro he's he's mommy has come out with an absolute slanger of a tweet and oh my goodness yeah lanyard this is what we want to see on a regular basis don't need I don't know if we got any the player look at his boy we flew four hours for this yeah I mean I had to hit that with the retweet I had to hit it with you the gift of the bomb as you can see I couldn't believe what I was witnessing sign of a competitor kicking the other ones while there that's not just the trash talk bro his gameplay is pretty good you know he gets the environmental kills he plays a very aggressive style he's mechanically quite skilled on the hero hours really on plane from Houston a feeling I guess it is yeah I mean I think maybe but connective but yeah I mean not that this guy is my player of the week any any doubts yes my doubts in terms of main supports FD God was better If he got was better than fighting about being better there. Yeah, but don't understand Brands criteria other criteria that could bite into this like like play I would have been chewy, he's French. You would have picked chewy. I just love sweet sweet. Mommy - we had a garbage Genji. Yeah, but I don't pick him because he's good. I just love sweet. I think I love sweet. I like seeing less time, but he's not my player. You don't pronounce any test time for you. I personally don't know so you've met so we we've all made players and Brenda's almost agreed that they should have been player though because they'll call you all morning. Listen. Yeah, it's not just gameplay that yes, you did. Yes, exactly find by so sweet. I might awarded to a player that loses. Okay. I was have I had half a mind to give it a chance. Oh my God, you're going to give it to fusions next week. But this this this this week it was definitely funny Astro. Came out with the one of the best weeks. I've seen in a long time and he is a consistently good player and he's a good crack to hang out with in the hot tub. Like there's not many more qualities you want in a player that is Ren's player of the week brought we're gonna get some graphics and transitions for the brought to you by Bren. Wow, what a wonderful segment wrap up this to show on no problem. I thought this week was a success. We did. We did a great job. We actually all got here. Yeah, Austin. Yeah. I thought I thought the topics were really good. My Lord, this was our reaction to you Matt. What's was when you picked Widowmaker and McRae you fucking idiot. Oh, that's a nice belly hurt. Yeah, thank you. Say you let the belly hanging TOS there that road hog calls play ball. Look at that little place. We going out that's rotunda. Nobody's worried about what do you have to say for yourself? Huh? What do you have to say for yourself a ruining this week? But I I'm sorry guys. Cause I was I'm a fan look if it was up to me OverWatch P5 DPS and One support and we got a new host. Where's Mitch? Where's Mitch all tanks? Halt find Mitch. Everybody would be hitscan Rowena. Everybody would at least nipride what you've just described the project day. You just described violin. No, no. No I was a day is 5v5 but now but now It's me that may and may still in it hurts me that McCree and Widow Oregon apologize. We'll do it next one. All right, also, I'll pick again though, and I'll do better we in sponsored by Starbucks. Okay? Yeah, thank you and any free advertising they'll never know but this could be you on this cop. Yep, but I cannot show this cup it is green and black but I cannot show you the logo or but it could be your girlfriend's Space videos of the week. You could spawn. Sir, that segment you can sponsor my forehead if you want for the entire show. I mean, how do we go about two sponsors? I ever thanks for tuning in this week guys will be back with another episode and now you know, why don't you come out? Why does your hair look like you been through a tumble dryer because I because it made me maybe I have we Mitch put him through the tie was a selection. Yeah. We're done by an honor not it looks it looks like you you cut Hugo's hair and taped it on your head. Oh, that's beautiful. That's something else. Can we can we talk about shredding contenders? No, nope.