You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired. Didn't Commander diving in command? They just assume while we're doing the show Allah. I'll lie down and do nothing. Like what else would they do next? Hey, we're live. How's everybody going under we do in helping by to give thanks continuing education for dog owners. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing that shit. It's incredible. And then you get to start training your dog everybody. How are you? It's Geoff Chalmers salad canine training and Joelle and this is our week. I gave us a weekly. It's our tri-weekly QA. We do it three times a week we've moved. The seven o'clock just to make everyone's life a little bit easier, especially our life. We did to make our life easier just so we can get out of here at a decent hour. What you do is you ask questions. We give answers most people are struggling with their dogs. So a lot of the questions are how do I stop? How do I stop? How do I stop you? Don't put the logo up that we're going to sound effect. Yeah. That's it. That's a logo right there. There we go. There's the logo right there. I took it down because Angelo Angelo had his Angela his podcast. I took it down for his podcast. So so what we do is we answer questions and a lot of the questions are how do I stop? How do I stop? How do I stop some Heroes talk about punishment a lot punishment unfortunately is getting a bad rap and people are correlating with abuse and it's not it's just punishment is unemotional. It's no yelling. No screaming. It's just a matter of just fact. It's just like you just can't do that. And that's what this show is all about. Pretty much most people are not like how do I train my dog to do a proper sit? Like yeah, there's 10,000 videos on that anybody can do that but getting good information and how to stop unwanted behaviors. Unfortunately, there's not good information on there out there at all and social media, which is how a lot of people are learning. Or books or anything else. I think people are really pushing this agenda of positive reinforcement. I got something, you know message to me right before the show again somebody from Kentucky, you know bashing our seminar series is over in Scotland and all the controversy and like, you know positive reinforcement is still the best way. It's like it sounds so nice, doesn't it? It's not only does it sound nice, but it's like the top three things that people hire us for will not stop it. Yeah. it's a disservice to owners and it's just that's why that's why owners are struggling bottom line and the narrative that they even say is like no actually punishment is causing dogs too badly behaved and it's actually the opposite it literally is the opposite correcting a dog's unwanted Behavior does not make the dog misbehave and if story ignoring it or rewarding it does it's just it's simple its these are simple Concepts and most of all Owners know that they've figured it out. They figured it out. And then we do a seminar series called Jeff Gillman seminars go to Jeff Gillman seminars.com and you can go there and you can see that we're doing over 25 seminars in seven countries this this year in 2020. We've got Frederick Maryland coming up and then we've got Portland Oregon and Providence Rhode Island coming up, but then there's that they're all over the country, but those are the Next three that are coming up, especially in March marks and be a very busy month. And then we have the training center which were sitting out right now and then in the training center, which is fantastic place and at the training center, we do a little bit of everything. Excuse me. Most people are here for three weeks to oh my gosh, this is me doing I'm just trying to get the questions like the part that I suspected that I see the questions, too. I'm trying to get I'm trying to get to that part, but for some weird reason I can't I can click on this, but I can't click on the big. I think that I usually normally see so what what the training center we do everything for from a four to six week board and train and we deal with all behaviors all behaviors and 95% of it is reward-based. But again dogs come in here that are out of control and I would love to see people that do a reward only training philosophy. Stop these dogs from this bad behavior. It's so bad everything like like something simple like leash we activity it's something simple like least reactivity everyone for some reason the step one that we often suggest. They think that's all we do, but it's like no step one is probably one of the most important parts, but then after that there's like tons of tons of time for rewards and sometimes for rewards. So there's also something called top chat at the bottom of your screen you can there's a dollar sign and you can put that You can put that up with I will put it up. You can put a dollar amount on there and your question goes to the top of the queue or just donate money because you appreciate all the hard work we're doing but you do not have to pay to play we will answer as many questions as we can in 90 minutes. As long as you're well does not go on a rant, please I don't go on Rails. So unless you want to talk to me about social media, then I'll go on a rant. Okay, here we go. Ruben my 13 month old box are only Sponsor leash pressure she still doesn't know voice commands as in Sit Stay kind of Lup. What am I doing wrong? Well, I don't know. I'm not watching you train the dog, but I mean you can use what's the reward based system you're using so all of our basic commands we teach with food it dogs daily food. We historically don't use treats. We use the daily food. A lot of people ask us what treats are you using? It's like we do so much food training we use the dogs daily food, but you don't have to but how many reps are you doing? Are you being Consistent are you marking the behavior that you want historically if you have to keep using leash pressure the dogs not understanding what you're what you're doing. So but we often use leech pressure as well. So what you can do is you can use we just use a food reward system and we just do repetition after repetition after repetition to the hundreds till the dog understands it and then we hold the dog accountable. Next Melissa said good evening. After a while and everyone in the chat. Hello. How are you Melissa? Thanks for being here. Cheryl high def and Joelle. Sorry I missed you Wednesday night. Hope you're both feeling better. Joelle your hair looks fabulous. As always it does thanks. Cheryl was a Wednesday night. We did a show or was it Wednesday. We doing on Wednesday. I was injured we mixed and mixed it up this week Michelle. Hey, I feel like I haven't caught alive and forever. We've been doing the huichol week last week. We're sick where we took a week off between sickness and traveling. We just couldn't make it work. We could make it work at all. Yep. We missed it, too. Yes, you guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember where pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and R not tired, they're just in Commander that even in command they just assume while we're doing the show. I'll lie down and do nothing. Like what else would they do next Tabatha? I had a board and train fail due to owner negligence and unwillingness to change their lifestyle to meet the needs of their young dog. How do you deal with failure? Well, you didn't fail number one. It's not your dog. it's really really really important that we were talking about this today as far as like owner compliance like you did not fail you did your job if you train the dog to a level of expectation that was agreed upon if you train the owner for more than an hour with some people unfortunately doing an hour ago homes, but you know, if you train the the owner and the owner has a full understanding of what to what it's supposed to do, but the owner has refused to Change their lifestyle or to follow through you did not fail. That's the owners failure and that's not owner shaming at all. It's not your dog. It's their dog if that's what they decided to do is to not change then that's on them and there are people out there that won't do that and it's a reality and it probably should be talked about more. So there are people out there that own biting dogs that refuse to do what it takes to stop them from biting. And so but that's on them. It's not on you. It's not your dog. So if you care you can't care more about the owner which sounds anti owner but it's not it's Pro owner. It's their dog. So if I say I'll make it really simple if I sell you a car, but you decide not to put oil in that car and not to maintain that car and the engine blows up. You can't pass the Buck to me it's your fault you didn't take care of it. You didn't do the basic minimum requirements, but now we're talking about not a vehicle we're talking about a dog which is living and breathing and thinking and has teeth and it can harm someone and if it makes the wrong choice it can heart it can end up dead. Dogs die for numerous reasons for ingesting things to biting the wrong person that they judge says now you're dead and if the owner doesn't want to to to be a good Steward of that dog that's on them that's on them. And if the owner wants to do things that make them feel good, but it's the worst thing for the dog that's also on them when you have specifically told them you're encouraging unwanted. And we talk about it all the time. We talk about it with our owners all the time, but nobody got a dog to be a hard-ass with but nobody also got a dog to have to put it down because it's been a kid or keeps getting in the dog fights or it pisses and shits all over the house or they don't so I've got huge empathy for owners that are struggling but also it's really difficult to have empathy for an owner who refuses to follow simple instructions So you didn't fail they did their failing their dog. It's their failure next. Did you do Jack? Hey guys. I hope you all are feeling better. It's been a while since I've had the chance to catch you all live. I'm still I'm not there yet. I'm good. Good for you. I'm gonna get there good for you. No. No, I meant good for you. I'm going to move this little bit. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I'm getting there. I'm getting there next you have this like the fatigue the lingering fatigue. Yeah. Yeah, but I'm getting I'm actually drinking tea time. Yeah, let's switch to T back in the gym crushing. My workouts good. Yeah, it's good. I wouldn't hate being sick. I make care of yourselves everyone. Yeah, you don't realize how important your health is until it's gone and you're sick in bed. It's true. I miss being able to breathe out of my nose twitch miss being able to walk to the bathroom without shooting myself. Yeah little things man. Yep twitch. Hey Jeff. I have a nine-month-old American Bully and was just wondering when Can him to I correct him with the E collar or the prong collar? What's the dog doing? That's all they say. Yeah it right who's you might not have to correct the dog at all. I mean, what's the dog doing? And what's the most effective thing and also has the dog been trained on those tools? So remember these are just tools so much training goes into these dogs so much training goes into these dogs. So it's like if you just like correct the dog, is it going to know what to do? So there has to be people have got to remember the amount of work that goes into these dogs. So I don't know what the dog is doing next. Jack hey, Jeff and Joelle. Thanks for finding time to chat with all with us all the time. Oh, you're welcome. You're welcome Tabatha. I found an amazing home for the dog with another client of mine. But I feel like I failed this owner dog combo. I don't know what to tell you. I don't know. I don't know the situation next Dakota and blessing. Hello. Can you go into details on how to create a positive association with other dogs for my dog who is no longer reactive. Hold on. I give low-level e-collar stin to lower his hackles. And then I and treat for looking at them and softer body language is this okay? Yeah, that is okay, but I don't know anything about the other dogs. There's so many variables. There's so many variables when it comes to dog dog interaction and the smallest thing might set your dog off. I don't know. There's there's there's there's you know, it's such an Artful dance. It's such an Artful dance, but that protocol of rewarding, you know, softer eyes softer energy is a good idea next Michelle. Good evening, Jeff and Joelle. Hey, Michelle mourad Hello both finally catch you guys an early start of the video lots of love and respect for your from your friend from Iran Cuba kind of course. Hey, how are you? Can you please teach us some tricks on YouTube to if possible. Tricks triple we have a you can go to cool dog tricks cool dog, tricks.com and pick the one penny extra option and you'll get 12 tricks for $20. And that's how you can learn but also you can just I can just I didn't know I just feel like when you moved it you like put me right back in the same position. I was in so did I yeah, so so you can you can also Google I mean YouTube to other peoples X but but cool dog tricks is our trick training video next Rachel. Hey guys. Happy Saturday. Happy Saturday to you Saturday. Yeah this Saturday tomorrow's Sunday. Feels really weird. Yeah weird week. Yeah, it's Saturday the 29th actually Murad because literally you were the only one I believe in and I want to learn everything from a guy like you dear Jeff. Well, thank you so much, but there's like you should learn from as many people as possible because my wealth of knowledge is very small compared to like the whole spectrum of things next Andrea. I have two dogs that went in the car will go crazy when they see a dog or human. I can't Bonk them because they're in the back. Can I use e-collar for this? Yeah. That's usually our goat argh argh. Our go-to for reactivity in the car is the remote collar and there's a phrase called you make it suck and guess what dog stop doing it. It's as simple as that, they just stopped doing it historically. That's a great example where punishment Works. No, and then correct and you make it uncomfortable for the dog to be a jerk in the car and the dog stops being a jerk. It's as simple as that. Next Sarah hi through my bunker at my dog and he growled and then got super excitable. I can't throw the bunker hard enough either. So are you saying no for there is an art to throwing a bonk. Remember there's an art to all dog training. I think that's the missing link and traveling the world doing seminars. I see that it's like there is an art to everything. I think if people there are there are folks out there and this is no fault of their own who are struggling just holding a leash. If he just held the leash better, they'd have a better behaved dog the dog would walk better. So the way you use and deploy a Bonker thrown a bunker is just Google my name you'll learn what a bunker is, but I've got videos on our YouTube channel what a bunker is, but there is an art to it and there's timing to it next Denise. Tony hsieh said, hello, Jay and Jay what is bonking? Look it up look it up. My YouTube channel type in bonking in my search box. You'll learn it. It's all it is that here's one right here. It's a cotton towel. It's a great Punisher. It's a way to stop a lot of unwanted behaviors, but there's a timing to it. You're not just randomly throwing a towel at your dog. That's the thing about corrections. It's the same with rewards. You shouldn't be randomly dis rewarding your dog and you shouldn't be randomly correcting your dog. It should be tied to a specific thing a thing that you want the dog to do and the thing that you don't want the dog to do and I think that it's really important that people understand that and especially the narrative about like, you know, this narrative that we keep hearing and I'm sure all of you have hurt like dog trainer hits dogs to train them. It's like no I don't that's a falsehood in that's a lie and for people to believe that in to be that gullible to think that that's what we do. It's like well then shame on you next Dakota and blessing. I already read that. Michelle seeing training translate to real life is a wonderful thing took my recycling out and turned back to see four of five dogs sitting in the door. I said break and they calmly walked out. Yay. That's awesome. It really really is when it all when it all comes together. It's a fantastic thing. Rose brother's dog training Hayes your Scotland trip canceled. No. No, we're still going to Scotland. We're still going to the UK people think it is, but it's not I've seen the news reports to it's not we're still going with still everything. Everything is on schedule. Everything is on schedule. So that's just more propaganda next. She will change a sending love and positivity or way will doing kennel drills help my GSD pups build confidence and eventually stop submissive fear peeing. What can I do? To help them. I think training overall helps build confidence. I think everything put together helps build confidence. I think you can't really pick and choose one thing. I think it's a little bit of everything next Murad. And by the way, I corrected my six month old puppy because of door stress getting too anxious and Hyper when my brother comes home at bonked her and like a blink the bad behavior is gone. Thank you guys. Yep, it works every not every time but it works a lot of the time next James. I have a French mastiff. He'll be four months. Is it okay to start training with the Caller all depends on what you're going to do. So at four months old, which is 16 weeks old. We would layer that over our existing Food Training protocols now with the pressure on pressure off theory of Cs and NCS, but we would not be using it for correcting unwanted behaviors. I'm sorry, we would not be using it for correcting obedience right? Now. Remember there's an art to it the last thing we want anyone to ever do I've never said it never will. Will I don't believe it is if your dog doesn't do it'll be tian's command while it's in the learning stage just to shock it. I've never said that before nor do I think that so it is a long long process now to stop it from doing an unwanted Behavior such as jumping up on the counter getting in the trash getting in the litter box barking. Yes, you would correct the dog for that. But the last thing I want anyone to do is just to be shocking their dog because it doesn't listen to an obedience command. That's not dog training next. Rachel not sure if this is a good wife question or not, but could you talk about the transition from continuous stem to non-compliance? I think that's what it's called. Yeah, NCS. Yep. Yep. Oh, what was the question? What's that? Like, how do you go from CSI? Oh, why don't you explain that? So continuous stem. You're only gonna ever start CS once the dog fully fully understands the command would just verbal, right? Be able to tell your dog down it Downs. You're not helping it with the leash. You're not worrying it. Literally you have distractions going on and the dog truly understands what down or whatever command you're working on. This is how we trade right? So we lay the foundation first with like the leash luring and then eventually we get it to just verbal compliance then we introduce remote which is CS. So once you start CS or Escape conditioning, You'll start your Prime the dog you'll do one command of the time. So say we're working on down for instance will do 5 reps of down dog. Does it every time? Okay. Now you're going to take the word away just use remote with leash guidance because now like the remote was not directional so it feels it and it's like what do I do? Oh help them with the leash, right? So then they're like, oh you want me to down pressure goes off. So once you've done enough reps of Cs and the dog just starts doing the behavior every single time. They Pretty much figured out Escape conditioning because they understand that when they feel stem they offer X behavior and then you start doing it and like different rooms different scenery. Like don't just do it in your living room big. They totally understand it now do it like in your living room and your backyard and your driveway and once they're doing it every time with just remote now, they're ready for non-compliance Tim, which is now you add your word back in so we'll pretend we're still talking about down. This is like Really people have to understand long answer people have to understand that the amount of time that is put behind remote coward training lots of reps. So anyway, I'm really I'm going through this pretty quickly. But so now once your dog understands Escape conditioning or CS they're doing it every time they feel the remote bomb dog goes into a down. Now you start NCS, which is non-compliant stem still going to be there working level continuous. Right? So you're going to say Down say a squirrel runs by the dogs. Like I'd rather stare at the squirrel now, it's like a high you're distracted put the pressure on. Dog feels stim goes into a down so it's like okay so really the whole reason for non-compliance statements to break through the distraction. So then you get into your proofing stage of like you start taunting the dog. Hey, pretty girl. Lol. They break command. Boom pressure goes on they go back into the down or whatever command you're working on but the whole point of non-compliance stem is to get that belief system still so it's like dog doesn't follow through with command. You're still going to feel the stem at We're levels and it's still training them how to like shut the pressure off and then eventually you do enough reps of that. We're talking like five hundred reps like minimum each command and different distractions different scenarios before you ever get him to correction, but you're giving them a chance now to comply without feeling the same every single time. You're pretty much letting the dog know that they're in control of whether or not they feel Sim. It's like all you have to do is follow the command and you can avoid the stem. That's technically so this is avoidance training now, you're not in Escape anymore. You're an avoidance the dogs like how do I avoid feeling the stem comply with your command? Right? So so this really long like I'm trying my best like explain in a short way, but like but you can't you can't hours I could talk about these Concepts like four hours, but this is the thing. It's like in this concept that you're shocking dogs is just false. Yeah. It's like if anybody wants to turn that into shocking dogs, and that's on them, but I think it's important to people for people to understand. It's like it's a training. Stump. Yeah, it's like taking a green dog. That doesn't know anything and training it most of our but here's a great example where like that was a long answer because why it's to train a dog to do something but to stop a dog from doing something. It's usually a short answer. Yeah next and that was still I feel like I could have gone on more you could have but we have to stop you now. Bubba Bubba Terrence, what is the best way to train a dog go onto a moving escalator? What about the best way but the way that I do it is walk onto a moving escalator next. Diana hello from Tennessee. I'm so happy. I found y'all. Hey Tennyson you find us Anna. Let us know. Yep. Thanks Haley. Thank you for the free content. Keep fighting the good fight. Thank you for Paving the way for other bounce trainers. We Are Forever indebted to you. We're trying I mean, I think not just trainers but I think owners need to stand up. This is how things will change. Are you ready owners need to share their stories publicly on their Journey with their dog and if you were able to Take a really really dog will call it a bad doggy badly behaved dog. And if you're able to take it badly behaved dog and turn it into this great. Wonderful dog with reward only training. You should share that story. But I don't know too many people that have done that. Most people have tried a lot of stuff and it didn't work and then they figured out what did work. Well owners need to share that story publicly and they should make a video on it because for trainers to keep doing it. It just turns into this other trainer fight it just a bunch of trainers arguing with each other and all and you know, who pays the price our dog owners next. Hey Leo. I read that. Sorry Tracy love your videos. Thank you so much. She wolf. What have you Kate? You a combination of raw and kibble. Can I have the link to the book you use? Thank you so much. The link is on the website Melissa might pose. So go to salad canine training.com shop, but adding kibble defeats the purpose of no I disagree. I think some Roz better than none. I agree to like if you ate fast food every day, but then like maybe now half your meal is Whole Foods half your day is whole food, right? It's still better than none. It's better than nothing at all next. Diane we are going on the road with our two dogs rving any tips seatbelts exercise special commands. Well seat belts are a little bit. I'm in Practical I think but you can I don't know the size of your dogs. I don't know if you've got room for kennels in your dog. Make sure your dogs are crate-trained. I wouldn't lie. I personally wouldn't leave your average dog. I mean out of a crate unless your dogs are grayed out of a crate but in an RV, but they can destroy the inside of an RV in about 30 seconds or less. As far as commands your dog should know how to like do a lot of nothing so that I jumping all over the place is far as you know, it's a lot of drive time. It's a lot of down time. You should make sure your dogs are you've got leeches or your they're off leash trained but think about logistics about like, you know stopping for potty. Ooh, here's a good tip though that most people probably don't think of your water buckets. Have carabiners to fasten them to the cabinet's so that when you're turning your freaking water buckets are spilling all over the place, right or when somebody clumsy walks through the RV. They don't knock them over even then. They knock them over even though they're Carabiner they can still knock him over next not true. Yeah, they do. They're really still kick them. I got true next she-wolf. How would you layer? How would I layer collar? Is it flat Buckle collar prong collar than e-collar. If you're going from the bottom up, I'm no Beauty the Prime Cut. Usually the prawn collars at the top next prong. E-collar flat. Yeah, a lot of tidying up top. Yeah Rick. Hi, J&J, Rick and Trapper have been doing driveway drills can't believe the difference. It makes he even seemed to enjoy the walks more. I know I do. Thanks for all your help in Florida and your videos. You're welcome break your shirt was so awesome. Yeah, I think I think driveway drills are so so important because what if anyone doesn't want to know what driveway? Pretend one doesn't know a driveway drills are look them up on our YouTube channel, but what it's doing is just doing a lot of work a lot of drills on your driveway before you go on the actual walk. Next Melissa - Vegas. How do you socialize a puppy when all of the Kinder puppy classes here are at parks and require three sets of shots. I have a double doodle and she definitely needs socializing. Oh my think there's indoor puppy classes. There has to be most of our not it Park. I mean, I don't know I mean Vegas at this. Sounds like they're all the parks. I mean, I would imagine I imagine what you do then is you find I mean, I'm sure pet stores even though I don't like the way they most pet stores train. I mean their puppy socialization stuff you really I mean, I don't want to see you can really fuck that up. But I mean it's like as long as your dogs not getting picked on by a bunch of dogs. I mean just the more exposure it gets two dogs that better next Yuri. Why do you recommend owners not let people pet their dog. Why because I think it's really dangerous. To do I think it's most I'm talking from experience of my body of work, which is 10,000 dogs. So the dog's that we work with stranger shouldn't be petting I think even dogs that we don't work with strangers shouldn't be panting. Why because I think that most strangers they asked if they even ask to pet your dog, they don't know how to pet your dog. People don't know how to pet dogs next thing, you know, they're making out with your Dog, I have seen it. It's true. You don't see oh, can I pet your dog? You'll say sure and next thing, you know, they're on the ground hugging your dog making out with them and most dogs don't like that and they'll bite them on the face or they'll bite them on the hand or they'll go in for a pet and they'll do a half pet and then they'll pull back they'll go more go back. That's literally how you train a protection dog to bite. So most people don't even know how to pet dogs. Also most people are too energetic with their Give dogs so most people get in dogs faces. So I'm also personally the dogs that we work with shouldn't be petted by strangers. I also don't want random strangers petting my dogs. It's all based on personal choice. If you want strangers to pet your dog, you absolutely can do what you want anything that you want to do with your dog. You absolutely can do next. Also I think and Iran, Into this with Burton because he's like the most social dog ever. He start they start trying to get like affection from random people. I had to like prove him off that for a long time. He would like break commands just to go like see random people on Hikes and like you can't do that. That's another thing like shame on me because I let every single person pet you right? So I think a lot of people also take it out of context. They let their dog pull them towards other people and they're like, oh he just wants to meet you. So I think but again if you want to let your dog if you Let strangers pet your dog. You can if you want if you don't want to create your dog, you do not have to if you don't want to remote power train your dog, you do not have to so you don't have to do anything. We suggested all but the reason why I don't like people petting my dogs is because most people don't know how to pet dogs. That's why. Holding on dog training wanted to say being able to watch real-life training and problem solving is priceless seminars are life-changing for owners and their dogs and trainers and rescue folks who attend so grateful. Thank you. Thank you for hosting a great fantastic seminar. Actually. It was a pleasure to be down there and the weather you fucking offered us sucked on day one. Sunday was beautiful Sunday. Sunday was really nice that complain about it till next year. Probably next is still warmer than the shit. We got. It's true now. Well, we're not doing outside. Seminars this time here dark purple got a one-year-old rescue about two months ago and she is super smart. But she Barks A ton whenever anyone she doesn't know comes near her or into the house and has bad separation anxiety. Nothing helps. Okay. So why do you think she's smart? So I'm not saying your dog is stupid. But people that say their dog is smart. It's like most dogs are pretty smart or most dogs are pretty stupid. So, I mean first of all nothing helps for separation. Anxiety. What I would do I want to insult you at your first time on the show. I think what I'm saying is like like smart is an interesting way to describe a dog because like what determines their smartness like did they like? Where did they figure out a cure for cancer? No, well, they're not that smart then you know, so can they drive a car? No, they're not that smart then so I mean they eat their own shit. That's not very intelligent. So what I would say is this watch my video on separation anxiety start there watch the video on separation anxiety also massive amounts of routine also cut down on affection also create space meaning like get away from Me for a little bit like you go over there. I'm over here what happens when people get dogs is they give them way too much affection and they're always with them and they let them follow them around and then when they leave them they have separation anxiety. And then also what happens is people don't put them in a structured environment enough. And then what happens is they have separation anxiety. Next Melissa said Jeff seminar dates and locations are below. She posted the link. Thank you Melissa. It's Jeff Gillman. Dot-com Jack my dog would randomly stare down her sibling growls and move on to a blood fight with snapping lock and shaking the siblings weren't doing anything. I don't get the trigger. What am I missing? Well, the trigger is your dogs being a dick. That's the big trigger. So believe it or not that loading we call that loading that gets Bond. So if anybody wants to know when we would Bonk a dog, it's like as soon as your dog started making those eyes at the sibling dogs, I would say no Oh and bronc the dog and that's where the reputation I get of like. Oh, Jeff just was bonking. This happy-go-lucky dog. That's because they weren't fighting yet. But if I waited to the fight the bonking wouldn't work. The correction wouldn't work the fact that your dog was the fact that I listened to you. And you told me that your dog has a history of fighting it siblings and I can recognize loading. I'm going to apply my Punisher at the loading next. Yeah. The random staring that's loading. Yep, a Battaglia. Hey, J&J and everyone in the chat. Could you give tips on starting your own pack walk with like-minded dog owners? Yeah, I would just start it. Just look for it. Put it put it put a thing on a do a meetup group, but I think on your Facebook page but a thing on your Instagram page put a shout out to as many people as you know, and then just have a bunch of rules established and start next Diana working in on my reps with my 9-month old. L GS D best age in your opinion to neuter that's a vet question. I'm not I do not have any good advice on spay and neuter next Rachel just started following dwells Instagram. Hope that's not weird. It's no it's not weird. It's not weird at all workout videos are inspiring. I just started a year contract with a personal trainer today excited for this fitness. Journey. Awesome. That's awesome. So one important thing to do is no matter no matter how much you spend on personal training. If you don't do the work it's not going to work so up. So you master the art of showing up especially if you have an in-person trainer, yep, because they'll fire you they could fire you and it will just be like, hopefully you'll feel guilty about it and just not do that. I would guilt-trip my clients really not gonna come today next. Okay Dean the man the myth the legend my dog is territorial behind the fence. Any advice. Yeah, correct it yeah any any that that's one of those things where our remote cour On a high level correction will stop next and a lot of people will say, why does the dog do well you need to know why the dog is doing it? Why because it's a dog it's as simple as that that's what dogs do and if you have the mindset of like, well, that's what dogs do you should let them do it. I'm sorry. I don't want my dog running my fence line barking at everything that goes by if you want if you want to if you want that lifestyle you go right ahead, but I don't so what do I do? I correct it. It's a great example of like choices. So it's like well, I don't mind that my dog. Does it fine then? Don't stop it. But I do mind with my dogs. So we stop it next Terrence. How do you train a dog already read that one up and down an escalator Sean? Yep. Hey guys. I have a one and a half year old Malinois when I walk by him or sit at my kitchen counter. He will sometimes bump me hard with his nose. What's he doing? And how should I react to that? He's just being a dick. I think he's trying to just you know, oh my God, you just called a dog a dick, how dare? It's like I bet you what's this person's name Shan Shan was like if Sean sat down and thought about it. She won't be like yeah, that is a pretty dick move for my dog to make and if I think it's a lot of us thought about it. It's like you're walking by your dog and it walks up to you and it takes its nose and it Rams it into you. That's a pretty dick move to make so she yeah, so your dog is pushy, I would say no incorrect it. I would Bonk the dog, I would say no and then Bonk or if I had a remote collar no and remote. Excuse me, next Michelle, it feels weird because it's a leap year. Yeah. I know February just won't freaking end tomorrow. Thank God tomorrow. I know March we're almost in Spring. I think it's going to get in the 60s next week debit supposed to be Monday supposed to be 60. I think next so nice blessing when saying no and everyday life like your dog picking at something like your dog picking something up off the floor while off leash. Can I use a slightly lower level correction to reinforce the Now I would use a higher. Hold on. I'm sorry. I thought you don't I would say no, he would immediately hesitate and stop what he's doing. And I know he knew what I was talking about, but then the effect of the word would start to wear off and I would have to know to reteach it right so that's why I that's why whenever you say no, I always go with a higher correction next Terrence. Are you coming to London? We're coming to Manchester. So close enough. Next bald face paints puppy started pedaling in class. 14 weeks but still social at six months started barking at people dogs know lunging he's in 100 click, but they learn away with food. I think Mark needs to stop with the pinch and e-collar. Yeah on they might be I don't know that I don't know where you're going and I don't want to know where you're going. I think what happens is there. Are there a lot of trainers out there that don't believe in correcting unwanted behaviors. They believe in redirecting unwanted behaviors or teaching an Behavior unfortunately, that doesn't work. We're a good correction will stop all of that stuff. So not the piddling which is not doing anymore. But it's as it was it was barking at other. Yeah, so a dog barking it another dog or another person by luring away. All you're doing is rewarding it. So every time I bar get something I get a reward just think about it logically like literally think about it logically, it's like yeah, that's sort of makes sense next. Can I separation anxiety? Any tips for an adult dog who's hurting himself and the crate house? Hold on. I am geez. I can't even take a breath also been slightly stressy, but with kids moved out and owner traveling he's escalating quickly. So who's watching the dog? Owners moving out kids are gone was the dog Home Alone. Yeah, probably he sounds like separation anxiety. So when the people are out of the house, right, so there's not as many people around anymore. The first thing you should do is watch my separation anxiety video watch that first and then come back with questions. Next bald face paints also dog is social once he meets but still May pedal, I think bark stops first. Say that one more time. So this is the same dog that's barking now and in puppy class, but and was peeing yes, and he says The Barking will go away, but he still peas once he wants it meets another dog. So he's like should you address the Barking first still addressed to barking the Ping is probably something totally some something totally different. It could be excitement. It could be nervous. It could be fear next blessing every couple of weeks with a good bong. I don't want all my punishments to be low level at All I just want some pressure applied after the word. So it has weight and I have leverage. Yeah, theoretically a punishment should have meaning to it. It shouldn't be low at all. It should have it should have meaning to it or else it won't stop next Linda. Is there an age where you can't train a dog when they're dead next 999 top chat from Dino dog was in a down child fell into the dog growled snap turned away. No bite Miss correction immediately went into 20 minutes of obedience training around. And child play should I become concerned keep working? No, I wouldn't be concerned at all because that's that's I mean your dog could have been even if your dog would have bit them. It would have been terrible. But that's one of those times where where I've thought about like if my own child fell on one of my dogs that that possibly could happen and I would be in a quandary on what to do and it's probably the only time my dog would ever get a free pass especially they just like give a quick nip I think. Concept that I mean dogs do that. They do that. They use their mouths out of like surprise. So no, I would I would I don't think your dog did anything wrong at all. I'm like, I'm glad that everything worked out. Okay, next Aurora. Should you repeat the command for NCS like repeat command and then put the pressure on or is it unspoken and just stem is there a no first? No then command and stem so NCS There's a couple variables you most likely aren't going to have 10 dogs out at a time like we do so if you have your deletion your hand because remember your training and the remote in your hand because you're training your timing should be good enough that if the dog pops up from a down or whatever command it's in you immediately put pressure on so you don't need a verbal marker because you're right there with good timing and if they are confused you just help them with the leash. I try not to repeat the command. I try not to say Don't say no or anything. It's just like we're there and we're ready to like help dog. The only time we use a verbal marker in the learning phase 4 that is like if we had 10 dogs out on place all the remotes are in a central location and say one Dog Steps off place. We would mark it with wrong. We don't say no yet. We're not correcting the dog. It's still low level stuff. So if a dog pops off place, we'd be like wrong so we can get our timing in like we Mark the behavior we walk over get their remote then put the stem on and the dog will relate getting off with the marker and then stem means go back on place. That's really the only time we use a marker in NCIS for like the wrong choice, right? Hopefully that makes sense. He's a longing. I'm sorry. No, they are all right next but if you want to repeat the command like it's dogs confused. Yes, you can repeat the command, but I'd rather just go right to the leash and help the dog. So what I um, Mickey Joelle you did an awesome job explaining the stem methodology. Yes. Thank you. She wolf day and day when how do I know when a dog is ready to graduate to the e-collar? I think depends when you're you know it about 14 weeks. You can start layering it over the existing training you're doing with with the least the way we teach because we're going under the assumption that you've been starting to do food food protocols. Excuse me, you lots and lots of repetitions. It's you can start some dog start off on right on the remote cower some some people feel they can start right on the remote collar if you want to Big Blue, he's huge. We got him right on remote. Yep, Rachel. Thanks for taking the time to answer my question too. Well, it makes a lot of sense. I could also talk about training for hours. It's fascinating to me. Yeah. Yeah Gretchen. You look lovely Joelle. Oh, thanks Gretchen. Yeah, but in this shot on this show, it's hard to give really long. Seriously, that's where Skypes are more lot of it is like you gotta see it. Like it people just like even at seminars there watching it and they're like, whoa, like we also have a video on this too. Yes Aurora when doing spatial pressure exercises. Is it? Okay for my dog to just throw herself behind me in hop fashion, or should it be a turn away from me? Well, the throw itself behind you is possibly one of the steps, but you actually want the dog to turn and move and turn. Away from you turn away. I'm gone. First of all, I'm glad that your dog is jumping out of the way. That's the first step but you actually want the dog to disengage next relaxing too much. Hey, J&J, missed you guys. Hope everyone is feeling better. Okö, the husky pup is doing so much better. Thanks to our all your videos working on duration stuff. Now in the walk is a hundred times better. Thank you. Awesome for all of you that are getting for all of you which are most of you that are watching our show really really proud of all the hard work that you're doing and very very impressed. But the people like they take our information which is like unorganized and free and not complete and they actually make progress. I'm always impressed next. Yeah, it's a friend mean the littlest things man. Yep, make a difference Diana youtubing GSD training with e-collar and there you were hoping to be with you in Memphis and November. Oh awesome. That would be great to see you in Memphis, Tennessee Melissa posted the link to the raw feeding book don't thank you, Melissa bulldogs and hot rods. Hey, You guys and gals are amazing. Thank you so much for the free content and these live sessions a solid fan much love. Oh, you're welcome Amanda. Hey, Jeff and Joel crazy crate dog from the Florida a seminar. Oh, hey already has been doing amazing. He's only been a week and the difference in his behavior is night and day. He's cuddling up without the Longline. Wow, and now we're working on him not rushing inside. The crate see said that was gonna happen. He's gonna love his crate took him on a hike today and Petco and he healed great and was very focused even down in Petco while a big dog was in front of him. Wow, that's amazing. Think about that and it's only been on there's more with hearts like the infomercial walking on treadmill doing six days duration place for two hours at a time and Double Down On Pavement, which he normally hate me. We're so grateful for you guys and Ashley. Wow, and that was this dog folks. He was like what what the II one word to describe this dog a shit show this dog shit. This dog was a she. Ciao, and kudos to the owners for being so brave and and number one not leaving the seminar because it was rough. Oh, yeah, it was rough. This this dog was rough. We really stress this dog out but it needed it and think about this one week how much progress you've made? That's awesome. That is really awesome about you super proud of you after one week next Aurora. What are some good drills for proofing dogs to having any interest in? Jurors, I don't know a lot of people in my area to have someone come over regularly, I think by you like sort of taunting and teasing your dog. That's what it looks like. You're like getting in front of your dog and you're sort of trying to make your dog break and then maybe get things that like move like wheeled objects bouncing objects fast-moving objects. Try to psych your dog out and get it to move, you know, make kissing noises do anything but say the release command and that will help next and then also go out. Public and try the same thing just just the public walking by is enough next Joseph brand-new viewer. I just rescued a 70-pound one-year-old mix. I've been binge watching your videos doing prong training. It's going better. He is more reactive to leash pressure rather than following me. That's a good thing. Right? Is that wrong training? It's going better. He is more reactive to leash pressure than following me. I don't know what that means. Yeah. I'm not sure if that's a crime. Not sure that way that that the way you've formatted that question was interesting. I don't understand that either. Next Amanda was already read that Melissa. How do you guys feel about pet owners walking through neighborhoods and letting their dogs Mark every yard isn't walking them for exercise. Also, I see kids playing in that grass and not pet owners, so I'm not a big fan of Will he put this weight the walk to me should be more structured than the dog marking on grass. That's not my type of walk. So I choose not to walk my dogs. That way. I choose to walk my dogs next to me not marking next that's good tea, right. Did you put my honey in it? But my super honey. I didn't know it was available to me. It is a $20 jar of honey, but you can use it. I didn't know that it's good. It goes great with that TK. Well, maybe you'll make me win next time Stark purple. Well, we have a routine set and he's been able to pick up on everything except relaxing. Once we leave the house. She has fine to relax alone until we are gone. Then she barks tries to escape in poop. So what I would do is I'd think about getting a bark collar. I would number one. I would roleplay you leave actually leave but I'm a nanny cam set up and correct shorten the size of shorten the size of the crate make it a little bit smaller for now and that's how you start. and then also What's the rest of the day look like when you are there? How does that look? How does that look next Diane Joelle? What is your Instagram name? Just my name. I'm pretty sure yeah. Yeah Rachel that's why I did a personal trainer. Haha. I wouldn't want to back out on my trainer and I'm paying for it. So I got to make it happen good you'd be surprised how many people still do that though? So don't be don't be that person. Don't be that person next send me updates. I'll keep you holder. I'm not even her trainer yeah make sure you go eat why would my dog be aggressive to only some dogs and people have been doing driveway drills about three weeks every day now but not seeing any Improvement any suggestions for the aggression usually driveway drills doesn't stop aggression to why does your dog get aggressive towards some dogs and some people because it's a dog it's as simple as that so you haven't told you you have not communicated with your dog that when it decides to make those choices or being aggressive aggressive those are bad choices so how do you do that you do that through a correction a remote cowers usually the best option that's it so it's more involved in that and and a free a free QA is not going to fix your problem but you can do as much obedience as you want to that will not stop aggression you have to address aggression head on how do you do that historically through a Skype next 199 You know dogs aren't perfect. Love you guys will keep working. No dogs are dogs are far from perfect. They're not even they're not even close to perfect. And I think a lot of folks what they do is they expect this. There's their dogs to be perfect. They expect our dogs to be more perfect in them. And it's like guys their dogs their dogs and like trainer when Everyone likes he's our dogs like do stupid stuff out there. Like if we're using our dogs its traction really like your dogs like blow you off. Sometimes you're like, yes that will all dogs also already fit. I think our clients work with their dogs more than we work with our dogs. Yeah, they really do like I don't do drills with my dogs. I like rarely train my dog's anymore. I just do stuff with my dogs like go out and trails and yeah. Yeah, I really just like worry about like their recall. Yeah, so I'm not I'm not surprised that like when people think like dogs are these perfect animals they're far from perfect there. And then look at us as human beings and then there's all these variables and then there's dogs that are genetically not they're not going to be quote unquote. Perfect. And then there's dogs that have got caps and then there's dogs that come to us that are so dysfunctional that like, they're not going to be any resemblance of like what we would think normal dog ownership is next. Giraffe I'm going to stay in the house for four months over the summer. I have a 13 month old dog. And there's an 11 month old dog that lives in the house. What do you suggest to create structure? Number one, I would make sure that both dogs are created the both dogs have a routine that I don't know what that other dog is like but you know start migrating start getting them to go on walks together. I think the number one thing is you don't want them to get into fights whether the friends are not we don't know but a any routine Any structure try to get both dogs on board as far as like when you're in the house, this is how you behave which is pretty much calm and in place when you're outside and you're on walks, this is how you behave stop any nonsense right from the get-go. Don't let it start don't let dogs. Like don't let them try to figure things out now usually ends up in a dogfight next Jack I will start bonking during the loading. Thank you for confirming my suspicions and providing the advice. Thank you so much. Yes, that's when you do it. That's when you do it and that's when people will go. Oh my gosh, you bonked a calm dog. It's like know the dog was thinking about attacking next Louis. Appreciate all the information Jeff. Thank you. Oh, you're welcome Rachel what video could I look at to start helping my be cold separation anxiety or separation? Anxiety. We make that one. I know I will you help me make it sure. Thank you. So we have a video in our search box on our YouTube channel type in separation anxiety. And yo, there's there's that you'll start learning. You'll start learning Michelle. I like the earlier time for these. Thanks for switching time. You're welcome. Yeah, I'm enjoying the earlier time to so nice. Yes. It is. Like I don't need a drink 20 coffees a day lately nice, although today. It had a kind of a lot. Did you three that's not a lot and I got so much sleep last night so weird. It's not a lot though for you know, it's because I didn't work out this morning. Yeah, but that's not a lot. For you. Yes, Amanda question for my brother his dog during the hike today was refusing to turn heel while he was practicing 180s. It would jump up growl cry. I told him fight through it and pop and walk but is there anything else he can do? What type of Correction would you use know? This dog was probably just objecting. Yeah, that's just sort of like an objection the dog didn't like it. I would probably try it in a more neutral area. Maybe not as a distraction area. So maybe back at the house and try that. Exact same move and then work through it. We have dogs that do that too. Especially if it's the first time you've tried something, you know, we struggled to a dog's next relaxing too much any tips for getting an audible warning for potty time. He's great in the crate and it's the only time I get Rubble notification they has to go out. But when in the house he will just get up and go I don't train that. I don't know so I don't I don't like Bell train my dogs, but if you want to you can bail train your dog, you can train your dog to like sit in a door, but then you have to be paying attention. Engine like there's there's videos on how to Belt train your dog. I don't do that. I just take my dogs out on a routine next Stark purple. Sorry for all the questions, but I've been judged all your videos yesterday and jumped on the chance to ask some questions. Thanks a million. We don't mind. I mean that's what these q and A's are for the Q and A's are for you to ask questions. And without without questions. We have we have no show we have no show so we don't have that. We don't have an agenda for this. A show at all. I've thought about doing a jenda type shows but those never usually work out now. You can only talk about the same. Well, we talk about the same stuff every week. Yeah. Next Rachel said Thank you know, you're welcome Terrence. How do you stop a big dog chasing a little dog? Why do you stop any dog from chasing any dog? I think is the real question. I mean, I don't know your skill set. I mean if you did you put the dog that was doing the chasing on a leash. And you would pop the leash you can have their dog on a remote collar. You can correct it on a remote collar. I don't know the skill set of the dog. That's it's chasing. So, you know you if the dog was underneath verbal command, you can just say stop cut the shit recall the dog, but you can role play it by having the dog on a leash, but if they're in but if the dog is not trained and they're running around And the dogs are quicker than you you really can't do you really can't do much except for like start throwing shit at the dog. I mean, I'm being funny there. There's really not much. You can do next Aurora going to be house-sitting a six-month-old puppy for a week owners asked me to stop his jumping and mouthing. Is this something I can stop for good or will it continue since it's so young are the owners going to follow through with it? So jumping is easy like the dog would probably not jump after 30 seconds. Jumping is easy to stop. You can stop jumping in 30 seconds and the dog will not jump on you but that doesn't mean the dog won't jump on them or their guests because they hit the dog has to believe them. And that's one of the big things as far as Mal de is was mouthing. Yeah. Same thing a six month old dog should be mouthing that's considered almost biting at that point. So again, if a dog put its mouth on me, I would Bonk it I would say no and then Bonk it Bonk her is you would bomb. the dog on The Head and the dog would stop doing that but a lot of owners though, what they do is like they'll describe things they do to their dog like with their dogs and then they'll complain that their dog does a certain behavior and I'm like, well you're doing everything to encourage your dog to do that behavior. That's why it's doing it and you've never trained your dog not to do it. So it's like what do you expect? What do you expect and then something deep inside of you says you like it? like we get that a lot especially jumping like oh I don't like when my dog jumps and I'm like okay let me show you how to fix it and I fix it and I show it at a seminar and I've got free videos but then they're like but sometimes I don't mind I'm like well which one is it do you want your dog to jump or not and if you want your dog to jump then give it a command turn it into literally it'll be Defense command and then then you put it on command and then if the dog jumps when it's not commanded it gets corrected but jumping is easy to stop you can fix jumping quicker than you can teach a reliable sit or even a half a cent next sorry guys Missy how do I get my border collie to not be afraid when someone reaches down to pet her she's not a rescue she's just always been leery of people I just don't want her to get frightened and bite so be a rescues got nothing to do with it so being a rescue is not a breed so being a rescue dog is no past that the dog is going to behave badly and being a dog that you have from a breeder is no past that the dog will behave well they're all dogs it all boils down to training so as far as like I don't let strangers pet dogs that's all that's the reason why that's the reason why because most don't a lot of dogs don't like to be petted so in most people don't know how to fully pet a dog but what was the question exactly how did she get her Border Collies not be afraid when someone reaches down to pet her so what you do is you do a clicker food protocol where somebody reaches down first clicker train your dog your dog understands what a clicker is and you make it a big game reach down click food reach down click food reach down click food oh it's fun when people reach down next J the separation videos work my dog would cry and bark after 10 minutes now we keep him home in a crate while at work which rarely can be eight hours no matter how long he common quiet good yep they do you know why most of the videos that we make are pretty damn reliable because I only make videos and I only talk about stuff that I know about like potty training shit I'm not a big knowledge base about next a ride my dog follows me everywhere in the home won't leave me alone for a second is that a bad thing I'm not putting her in the crate too much because I work home and she's not destructive okay well the crate is not just for Destruction so you tell me is that a problem or not That's if that's personal choice. So to me your dog following you around is is a great way for separation anxiety to manifest. So to me, I don't want my dog following me around. It doesn't mean the dog loves you. It doesn't mean the dog cares about you. It doesn't mean the dog wants to be your friend in it to me a dog following me around sounds like a pretty pain-in-the-ass Behavior, but that's just me to me. I want my dog to like why can't you just Down somewhere. So so you don't have to put your dog in a crate, but the crate it's not bad dog. Go in the crate. It's like time to go in the crate right now, but teach the place command so watch my video on the place command and the place command means go to a dog bed or go to a dog cot and lie down there and stay there and then just watch me move around my house. I personally don't want dogs following me around my home. But that's just me. If you want your dog to follow you around your home, then let your dog following you around your home. But if you don't want your dog to follow you around your home teach the place command, but putting your dog in a crate is not just necessarily because of soil and destruction. It's also a good management tool. It's a good management tool next Aurora. What are some common Small Things owners might be missing with their dogs. The house is structured, but there isn't complete breakthrough with arousal place and Double Down Still. he's aroused so you can Bonk arousal so you can correct over arousal also you want to make sure you're consistent in all your commands what a lot of people do is they just talk to their dogs too much and they get them over aroused so their dogs are aroused more I'm not a lot you know you're making me on just you thinking about yawning is making me on sorry it's been a interesting woke up a couple times last night but you're sleeping more right yes and no In the last three weeks. I had one good night of sleep. Okay. It's like I'm not getting consistent sleep. I think I'm going to bed earlier, but I'm not falling asleep. You know, I've done I just stop looking at my phone at night. I've been putting it on my dresser. So I can't even reach over for it. If I want to she's wait till like the alarm goes off. Yeah, really that helps you. Yeah, if it's there, it's like Temptation. Yeah. I know you don't shit. you the scroll it's like what are you doing I'm just scrolling going up next yeah relax into much to do five prong recommended for 15 pound 3 month old husky yep that sounds about right you know probably outgrow it though but that sounds about right for that age next curly laughs what do you do to get a pinch collar on a dog that runs from you I have a rescue from turkey that doesn't even let me put her harness or regular collar on her she is everything reactive so you know whenever you get a dog that comes from another like a street dog from another country you know you're going to a host of problems so the first thing I would do is get a slip lead and just use a slip lead just literally put a slip lean on your dog and cinch it up and make sure it's nice and secure and just have your dog follow you around for a little bit that's what I would do so whenever you've got these dogs that are these Street dogs I mean and I'm not going to dis a street dog you own the dog that would that would be disrespectful but not going to disk people that import Street dogs or excuse me or rescue organizations that that take dogs off the street but a lot of time and some of them turn out to be the best dogs in the world but a lot of the times just keep in mind what you're doing you're taking a dog off of a street who would wander would and did whatever it was and some of them are very averse to humans and your domesticating them and you're domesticating them and they ate where they want and people think it's at terrible life and I'm not saying it's a good life but what I'm saying is it's it's not used to being contained and containment means literally it's living in a home right now and now you're trying to put a collar on it so to start off with put a slip lean on the dog and walk around with it like that do that for a week and then put a flat Buckle collar on it and then once you get it used to like hands around your neck around its neck like this motion right there you can fit a bunch of different colors but trying to put a harness on a dog that's a pretty extensive process where it's like yeah your average dog will step into it and it'll snap on and things go well but you're dealing with a dog that probably is not used to human touch next giraffe I feel like there should be like more to this I don't know part of this got cut off or what but maybe the two dogs are very playful puppies they used to live together when originally adopted we had to keep them separated we've been separately working on obedience training I imagine they will both be very excited about being together how would I correct lower the level of arousal Maybe they had no fight. I don't know. So low arousal is bonking is a good way to stop arousal or any sort of Correction is good for arousal. So like dogs that are aroused means like overly adrenaline lized overly adrenalized you give your dog a good leash pop you but you say no and you Bonk your dog dogs all of a sudden go. Oh, sorry about that. I'll cut the shit stink about yelling at kids, but you're not yelling. You're not raising your voice next Louis similar question 5. And old Rottweiler to 2/5 or 3.0 prong three point out next Laura my dog can be people aggressive if they stop and talk to me walking past me. He will ignore them. They stopped to talk who either want to be their friend or bite them any advice. Yeah, go ahead and bite them. So what I would do is I'd muzzle your dog. I mean to give advice to fix that problem and I hate the word fix to make that better on a podcast like this. It's a very involved process. That's not an easy fix. It's Not an easy fix. So what I would do is I would walk your dog around with the muzzle. and get it Baskerville muzzle which they can breathe breathe out of e out of drink drink water out of pants and I wouldn't let people pet the dog and I would keep the dog next to you excuse me in a proper heel and don't want people pet the dog and don't let your dog approach the dog and don't let your dog approach people why does your dog do it could be a host of different reasons hosted different reasons next Melissa when crate training an 8 week old puppy do you suggest leaving the small blanket with the littermates mom sent on it in the crate or for a few weeks can you talk about teaching her weight so we don't train wait command weight doesn't have much of a value to me but I mean stay we teach which is built into all of our sit-in are down in our place which we get dogs to do like sit and they stay down and they stay place and they stay as far as the mother sent on that to me if you want to but then I mean you know you have to wash it eventually I mean is that going to help with separation anxiety when you first bring the litter home I mean I think that's probably recommended in a lot of books but there's a lot of stuff that's recommended a lot of books and I've never done that I haven't raised a ton of puppies I would talk to a puppy raiser about that if that if that works or not but as far as like getting a dog to default sit and stay and down instead in place and stay that's part of all of our training protocols that we do but in 8 weeks old and that's not what they said the dog was it weeks old a lot of that you're really not working on that now you're just trying to get your reps in you're just trying to get your repetitions in of like short commands like sit down Place recall like you're just trying to get your reps and you're really not working on duration at this age next well wine hi I'm new here my question is I have a four-month-old GSD and a 6 month old Rottweiler my GC likes to bite play and my Rottweiler does not like it my Rottweiler hold on pins her and growls and acts aggressively so I stopped play time should I muzzle them for a month and six months I mean it's too early to tell I mean that could be just rough play can also lead to a fight so I mean I wouldn't muzzle a four-month-old dog I would just I would just break up I would just stop the play but four months old this I wouldn't be I wouldn't muzzle up as teen week old puppy it chances are it's play but I would have to see it but chances are it is play it's probably rough play that's what dogs do so if you're going to get dogs that close to age together there's going to be rough play that's what they do they rough play next giraffe I already read that Denisha my Rottweilers almost 6 months can you hold his urine for eight hours in the crate um it's six months old it should be able to I would take your dog I would cut water off about three hours prior to bedtime I would take the dog off it will take the dog outside at least twice on a leash to a party spot make sure it's fully enters its bladder before bedtime and then I would and then what and then what I would do is I would create it up and then overnight for what like eight hours today is there a time hours eight hours I would imagine a six month old dog should go eight hours approximately yep that's probably right about there next Aurora is a prong okay for six month old puppy or just a slip lead you still do prong dance with young puppy we do prom dance with every single dog we put a prong on 100% of the time no matter the age of the dog next Sarah thank you so much for everything y'all do you're welcome next I don't think you answered the first six month old puppy can they be on a yeah yeah yep yep absolutely Linda sorry I don't want him to bark outside how can I stop this behavior I'm get a bark collar or a remote collar and you make barking uncomfortable for the dog to do and then dogs tend to stop next curly laughs okay I'll start over turkey dog was great until 16 months old I got her at six months oh okay I see their personalities change on Anatolian Shepherd group thank you so that's the dog that won't let her put a collar on it all of a sudden okay she have an Anatolian Shepherd which I've owned before so you have an Anatolian Shepherd it was good for the first 16 months and now it's running away from you now dogs do change at 16 months old but I'm not quite sure what's going on right now it might be thinking that it's a game again so it's not a feral dog okay Farrell type dog so there is a relationship you know it for she's had it since it was six months from voted for for 10 months so there's some relationship there but I don't know how with the level of training is that you've been doing with it so I would I would put a slip lead on it and then I would train it to so put a slip lean on it with a slip lead on it it can't run away and then I would train it to put a collar on next Mario hi guys I told about a bunker to one of my clients her dog would start nipping their hands out of excitement or we're not allowed to do everything thing first among therefore dog pack one bunk solved it usually historically does yes Aurora how do you work a dog through freaking out when other dogs in the house are behind or ahead on a walk being walked by someone else so that I that's an often often common thing that's a that's a common thing to do you would correct it a lot of dogs would they do is when they're walking in line next to each other they're fine but then we do something called LeapFrog and one goes ahead and they freak out and then the other one goes ahead and they're always turning around it happens all the time it happens with dogs in the same household it happens with on pack walks it's usually out of arousal or excitement in you do that and you stopped it by correcting the dog next Laura I do muzzle him all the time as I'm in the UK and very strict rules on aggressive dogs but I hate him having the muzzle on him so I want to try to get him over to overcome this aggression for some people this is on the the older dog though not the puppies right no this is just I think this is the dog that she wanted right to get comfortable with people approaching it right right right it's not this four month old puppy right so again again I'm this I'm this podcast the price that problem will not be solved it's a very intensive thing and most of it is usually Hands-On I'll be in the UK doing a couple of seminars in Scotland and in and in Manchester but what you can do is just other trainers after that I'm sure they can help you as well yes they do take muzzling seriously over there biting seriously over there so what you'll do is the best thing to do is to get your dog likes don't let people pet the dog and you would correct remote collars are not illegal over there they're frowned upon but they're not illegal and if your dog is looking at somebody you want to set it up incorrectly you would correct the dog next giraffe thanks for addressing my questions the pops never gotten fights but lots of rough play and lots of energy I guess I'm looking for guidance on how to stop playing and get them to chill together once inside the house so but so you have to what you do is you put leashes on them and you create them for month old dog would be created so you've got two dogs that are very young so it is rough play that's literally what it is is rough play that's what dogs do they play they play rough a 16 week old puppy is going to play rough it'd be very unlikely for a 16 week old puppy to actually get into a fight so what I would do is I would separate them by giving them okay times up we're done catalog and they'll probably fall asleep in their crates next Aurora if I pop while dog is freaking out but it seems to escalate same with the e-collar tried bonking and it works best but not for long maybe not bonking early enough GC can be so hyper so you're going to multiple dog walk question right so all of your all of your Corrections are probably not early enough you want to do it at the very beginning of the sequence so all of your correction should be done at the beginning of the sequence once the dog is started on the sequence historically what happens is most most saviors escalate then diffuse on almost everything not just on what you're struggling with but on a lot of stuff so things tend to escalate pretty quick if you are correct too late so that's where a lot of people think oh Corrections make it worse no bad timing makes it worse next we'll put that on a freaking t-shirt it's so true very true bad timing does yeah bad timing is bad timing is the the the escalator bad times behavior that bad timing messes up a lot of stuff yes that's it right now that's it right now really I think it's time for us to go anyway yeah you looking pretty tired yeah it's been a rough day rough day so we're going to end this show right now we'll be back on Monday night at 7 p.m. Eastern Standard Time but I think that it's been a good show I think you guys are doing a great job in two weeks from now we'll see you in Frederick Maryland we're excited about Frederick if anybody's within 300 miles of Frederick Maryland we would encourage you to go there people drive far and wide to go to these seminars or a lot of fun it's a great way they're called problem-solving seminars you aren't some Foundation stuff to e-collar work and stuff do you do but a lot of times you'll earn solving stuff and and if you think your dog is the worst dog ever then you should probably be you should probably go be going to the seminar because that's the place to go dogs are not turned away at all they're a lot of fun they're educational they're supportive everybody that's there is there for the same reason and they're all struggling and nobody's passing judgment on you at all and it's a great place for your dog to be an asshole or a dick and it's a great place for you as a human to be nervous and concerned and afraid because it's a very very supportive group of people that are there and the dogs that are there are all struggling they're all struggling all right so good night take care bye bye