You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know. Simply put I don't know why I'm not living the life. I want to now let me ask you another question. Have you actually tried achieving their life? You want to live? Most people would say? Yes, I do it every day. That's what my job is for or my education. These are the little steps. I take every single day to reach my goal then let me ask you the same question a little differently. Have you tried your hardest in achieving that life? Have you given your best and most people fall silent? They can't answer. They don't want to say no because they don't want to appear weak or some like a loser. They don't want to say yes because deep inside. They know it's a lie. They haven't tried their best. Now. Let me ask you my final question. Have you tried achieving your desired life as hard as you try getting girls if you think about it, the answer is no your dedication to get girls is phenomenal your messaging 10 different girls on Facebook Twitter WhatsApp every single day. You don't give a crap about who they are if they are in a relationship. They would even want to talk to you. You're texting with girls who haven't even seen you don't even know if that's a girl and you're investing all your time days and night chatting with that person with a profile picture of Emma Watson, but notice the amount of hope you need in doing that. It's almost insane. There is no guarantee if any of those girls will ever date you but you try every single day you getting rejected by girl, so I haven't even met if nine out of the ten girls. Don't message you back don't accept your friend request. You already failed 90% in your Thought but that doesn't discourage you you keep on trying look at that amount of will inside you now imagine for a second if you saved all that time and put all that hope and Will to work for yourself. Not a hot girl. Not the love of your life. Not any girl just on yourself. Just imagine what you will accomplish, you know, why most girls friends on guys they do it for emotional support whenever they have a problem in their lives. They need help. They need motivation inspiration. They called you. You put your work aside and invest all your time and energy in motivating her son in the problems reassuring her and also sometimes even physically doing her work and the moment she's happy. She goes to a boyfriend the moment. She needs sex. She goes to a boyfriend the moment he needs to hang out with someone. She goes through a boyfriend her boyfriend always comes first, but the moment she gets depressed and need someone to head over the word. She thinks of you you're basically using all the positivity inside of you to make someone else become successful. Why and for what she's using you for emotional support and she doesn't even think about you when she doesn't need you. I personally know guys who spend ask texting with random girls guys have been obsessed with some girl for years guys. I haven't been over there ex-girlfriends in years that's of literally become drivers for girls just so they could spend some time with them guys taking extreme pains to solve girls problems in the hope that she would someday fall in love with them guys in all their time in relationships and hardly thinking about their careers. Painstaking you trying to fix girls who voluntarily see destruction and constantly in my trouble and their own lives. And what are you getting in return? Nothing? They're not even dating you. Let me tell you something if you wanted to date you she would have if she isn't then it doesn't matter if she's dating someone else or not when she's bored and her boyfriends busy. She takes you to pass the time and there are thousands of guys who volunteer willingly to become a time pass for girls. They have knowing it push themselves into that position where they're getting Ting nothing except for the pleasure of having a girl to chat with is that really what your life is all about the grand Gift of Life with all its innumerable possibilities and opportunities. Is that what you narrowed it down to chatting with some random girl more than half of these girls are already dating someone why the hell are you in chatting with her in the first place? Oh I chat with her because she's my friend not because I want to have sex with her really. Do you also test with your male friends just as much as you do with her. Eyes Brothers you need to stop this you need to stop this right now. No more excuses. No more bullshit. You have to stop trying your entire jute their entire potential interesting some random girl. If you're obsessed with some word get out of it right now. If you're obsessed with your ex get out of it. It's something cause you only when she needs you and you know that to screw her get her out of your life right now, you might ask why Why should I do this as a changing your entire life isn't enough, but I will still give you four reasons. Why number one you do it for yourself as P if you send random girls friend request and messages. How do you ever find out why you got rejected. Do you know why she friends on you and never dated you while she got herself a new boyfriend, you will never know but one thing that is definitely going to happen is all these projections will have a serious impact on your self-esteem and impact that you most certainly You don't need and don't deserve at all because the reasons behind why should reject it, you are based on her opinion of you. They've got nothing to do with your reality. So protect yourself esteem don't hand it to some completely unqualified person who would crush it because she would rather date a douchebag dependent on his daddy's money for cars whose and parties. You don't need that unnecessary rejection in your life reason number two. What is a greater feeling than love? It's the feeling of achievement. Unlike love the feeling of achievement is much better and permanent it will last in the day you die on the death, but you may have regrets about love, but she would most definitely regret not doing in life. What you want to do when you have the chance reason number 3 money because money gives you a better lifestyle gives you better options and it gives you the freedom to be whatever you want. Forget your penis for a year or two or however long it takes to be successful become successful and you will get the prettiest girls in the world if Still wonder if you don't believe me just sign yourself up on any of the matrimonial sites and see the salary expectations of the prettiest girls you find on these sides. They are literally not giving any crap about how you look what personality you have. All they are looking for is a guy who wants five times more than they do why because girls get attracted to successfully guys. It's not a mystery reason number four and this is the most important reason if you put all that energy into building yourself and change your entire life then you can also Also change the lives of people around you. Let me ask you something. When was the last time you spend your money on a girl or dinners movies lunches gift shopping even each on your phone. So you could talk to her now. When was the last time you spend any money on your mother? When was the last time you took a mother out to dinner or lunch or bought her a gift or even the charger phone? I want you to calculate all the money. You think it might have spent on the girl you were with doesn't matter if she's your girlfriend or not and then compare it with how much money you've spent on your Even if your parents are financially able to stop investing your money on relationships that haven't even started and relationship that are solely based on how much you can spend with enough money. You can change the lives of people around you the likes of your parents the lights of your brother or sister and specially of someone who needs money rather than buying a diamond necklace for agar or clothes from Prada. You can pay for someone's education and these are for really important reasons why you need to set back for a moment take some time out and really calculate how much time Time and energy do wasted on meaningless Pursuits second. You need to recognize that insane dedication with which you pursue those relationships and everyday and shift that dedication from girls who self-betterment acknowledge that you have dreams and there is nobody like that is going to help you get there. You are on your own. Thank you for listening. Share this video with all your friends. We don't want any man left behind and most importantly don't forget to subscribe. Scribe there are tons of amazing videos coming especially for you and do remember I believe it's time you change your life and it start right now.