Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept that is thisIf is this the quad point is this or we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute segment right at the start area. I just I thought it might bring you to audiences together. Yeah. Well then and one of my really close. Well, do you want to shoot your shot? I'll shoot my shot mate. Let's go the ball girls. You guys know anything about what's going on in massive moment. That's what about it? Okay. Well that was a bit of a cheating scandal, right? Okay, and this one woman called Haley got essentially cheated on right her partner. No, she cheated on a partner and then her partner had the toothbrush and then wiped it in a toilet bowl. Here about that. Actually. Yeah where we like will be for the person who did the toilet brush and both that's very simple. We're fine either. We just we just viewing I just feel like a man with a pedigree of yours at why are you watching maths? I like this in color TV at the end of a long day come home from training come home from watching you guys to come home from medicine and just sit sit on the couch and just dribble. Oh Question mark but what's your name? Hi. Hi Shannon. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'm well, I'm well. That's a tough one tough question my good friend Jordan Drew over the years has battled numerous injuries illnesses mystery illnesses and I saw him battling at one preseason session. Well actually most preseason sessions vomiting after corn and I thought to myself, you know, what that man deserves a vote for Candice if you know what I'm gonna save that man. I'm going to make it my life's mission to save that man. We did just have a vote for 2020 captaincy. They've got something against the outside backs spoiler in particular. But all my axe, but hold on. I don't bring the rice God do it what I was gonna say gonna actually that's actually a good point Moran. Tom Burns Drew full left in the can we can we not Breeze over the fact that Jordan Drew just hung up on Jan and Susie asked the question. It was no she said it was no pleasantries. It was just yep you done. That's what they're doing Hamish and Andy. Alrighty guys. Did you finish him off segment? I done who cares. I think it will come back to it next week, but we're rushing over the big thing here borrowing got got to leadership votes Round of Applause. Whoo-hoo Deluise. I paid him off before the vote. Lucky Perry back row has you know, we just get around each other. So that was it. I made so many promises the boys to get him on the point if they vote for me. All righty boys question one today is who was that player growing up that you thought was just for sure going to make They maybe didn't or they may be dead. But who is that guy growing up for you Alex? You can keep yourself. So for me well known in the rugby league circles. Harry pain Degas. Yes, he was an absolute beast when he was 12. It was the same size that he is now. Did he end up making it? I don't believe he played in a row. I'm all I remember is him having nights for a while and he twelve-year-old ever. I think he was at the knights and then came back and went to East and then they went to France for a bit and then it was at North's for a stint somewhere in there. I don't think he's played on a rail but he was an absolute Beast. You don't think I'm just like well, I can't confirm it was one of the biggest waters I can confirm I play with him to me and Alex are the same age. So we grew up in just a lot of teams together just to child prodigies and made it being said, were you born in the 2012 you born? 98 main? I'm a 90s kid and one of the great 90s kids, okay. Who is your playground up? It's like Alan Palmer again. We get it you passed him. All right, do you know him we know that was hot. We are taught look actually I heard him say you on a similar podcast. Hey, we're pretty close look controversial. But if those one play grown-up that we played against in school footy that everyone was like, yeah, it's probably going to make it would have been either Brody cost or Jane sewer. Thank you. Yeah, the old terrorist writing song was very much a child prodigy like really? Yeah, it was a decline of Sonny Bill. That's why even in under-20s. He was there were touting to be the next Sonny Bill. It was one school game. We played where he applied for churchy on the Saturday morning and had previously denied before played over 20s and probably killed someone and then came out and just exploded the US for those who do know football. Let's just talk about that. I think it was 2013. The church he time they had that year 2014 it for day. I got a so number nine Brody craft 10 Mac Mason who plays for the waratahs. I believe near 12, Isaiah Parisi 13. I think actually Croft was on the wing and 30. Well, yeah cross was on the way. I can remember here the 9 was positions irrelevant 13 there was Someone camera but 1515 kalimpong uh-oh to us. It was the so James 4/3 and then kale kale and ponga at fullback. So today they didn't drop a gambler that know they didn't and they also had the super coach who was my former coach Jason Gilmore. I know he's a big list or in the podcast for appreciate that a good story some from Gilbert. Yeah. You just gave me play of the year. Oh, Get that in and that's why I bought it. So yes, yours is Crafty gers. And so I got my guy this is my pick but joy sorrow was someone from Under 12 every age group after that. It was just always going to make a bow you can vouch for that. Yeah, we played a lot of footage. I we just hit it was it wasn't as spectacular, but he just did everything right and it's just solid as just when you played with him. You just knew that he was too good for whatever competition your Bye great my guy there who was the freak was Duncan Pi e our oh don't oh, wow. I think that's a sad that he was afraid. He was very very good. Not only did he have those freaky to sort of touch skills, but he could hit like a back row as well. So he was pretty big. It was pretty big was it wasn't your normal? Look at half. He had a bit of size to him. I can do both late twenties with it. Yeah. Yeah full three years. Yeah, so I think he's that was when do we didn't have a beard just like anyone would do is ever concerned. He was a child prodigy. We'll just someone else want to talk about that. But you played on a roll so does that mean fulfilled we can't talk about that everybody in school to try? Yeah. That's true God's right after all. Yeah. I did everything on that flight say I bet you look good. So yeah dog. Duncan was just one of those old round. Lran Hobbs from a young age. She's always been good. And now I think he's in the south of France. Yeah, Lon. Yep. Well, it seems a lot of players end up even though he's only 25 - the Reds for a long time to use Jesus your brother's could play for the Reds may actually very good. Well Brisbane was I was approached by the Reds breadth on and was guaranteed a spot on the Reds a contract. So that's why it came down moved move my whole life down here essentially a good to go. Okay. Yeah, don't spoil the ending but I feel like you got stitched up. Yeah. Well come down for the interview. First of all, thorny is the biggest man his handshake I think broke are they phalanges and yeah. Stop that. Thank God. We got a doctor on the Pod accept any way we get you had a legitimate doctor like going well going well. Everything's going great till the till the medical right at the end. So he's he's gone through my history that could be dreaded medical. Yeah, I'd say house on fire and then the doctors gone through my medical history and I see his face start to scratch out and I guess how many concussions of you and I said, oh, yeah. Ta and he gets on the phone one every like I said, I can't remember. Anyway, he told us he calls thorny. He's like it's and out anyway, so I do those sort of a bad feeling then and when I left he called me the next day. He said look Judy concussions. We're not sort of I don't know if he made up some real but it just said it was too risky for them. So anyway got on the phone to brighten and moved up to in a minute. Thankfully I better pay day job here as well. So now it's all working out feel like it's worked out better absolutely wouldn't wouldn't want to be anywhere else Look Who's laughing now, but seriously could have been on a hundred grand the Reds now, I'm here and when I'm so that was you off this man making Grand finals and office. Yeah a lot. You wouldn't had a part of here at the right wouldn't about a pod. That's it through that leadership meeting tonight. He was stoked about that. Let's leave that alone. All right. Eddie second question boys your so we're the good thing about it were all different positions here. We got a winner. I get a backrub back row who also plays center when he Center gets can cast and the Senate and I we're going to go through our three favorite plays past or present in our position Eddie. Have you got your three? Let's start at 3 and working better 103:3 so got one number one. Oh, well, we're gonna start with our one. I'm sorry. Do you want to start? Yeah, so I got number three for me lucrative. Yeah Bang, he was very very good played a lot of games of rugby league good-looking her stuff. Yep, good-looking rooster pretty sure he's married to a Waterhouse. Yeah, so, you know ticks all the boxes there what was what was Rico's thing, what was it good at might be like, yeah he was on there. Alrighty number two SB W. Yeah, you do remind me a lot of espe. No, I do not in any sort of way but he he changed the way that the background has played the game. So that's spw. Yeah. I think it'd be almost people's list API. Yeah, and you number one my number one, but Jill. Oh, yeah, he did a lot for me great. Great bike very very good. Rugby league by underrated. I feel it's a shame how his career ended because he sort of left on a sour note, but for a time that he was probably the best background the competition. Yeah, and you know, obviously quite you know an all-rounder. This is all this. Yeah lying around up here. To do everything. I'm pretty sure he played half for a bit there. Whack just did it all its it is a shiny white out like that. So that's my boy. I said, who do you reckon you'll game is most like whoever gets the most tired. I'm very very up there with them. So what is PW? I don't have that - the gold King Fitzgibbon. Yeah, it's good with the looks to all right back in the day. Can you go kick out of all know but let's break Kennedy been Kennedy Kennedy. She's your your humble. Seriously. Here's a look. Mighty Kennedy. You know that. Mr. Kennedy. Well for those who didn't catch it Down lion, that's you sound like a nice to do out there that he's his entrance. Was it get a microphone? Mr. Kennedy? You don't still don't know I got someone out there right now is nodding their head missing. Yes. Anyway, when he used to come in for weights would do that all the time and he's a big man he would get so Angry Birds he who you finally got your thread you have you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you just scrolling on your fine rapidly? Yeah, it's great. Yeah, basically his old time. I think this would be grateful - this let's go. Our will mention is called me. No for Paving the way but number three Josh man saw I do like watching him play. Mmm. Passionate. Do you think his pasta? Yeah, I do but a few years ago, I think I think he's in his prime. Yeah primates or talk. Yeah Prime Source. Yeah Prime source, and I do these past. I think he said once you had a nickname like that sauce. Feel free to give to what we gave you the what? Yeah, what's that other continent kind of go condiment available? That's probably more my speed spice go conda. Okay. Yeah number two powerful powerful and number two like Ferguson. Oh, yeah. I can I can best swinger. There's been a while underrated underrated. You think I think he does get the rap sheet deserves. I know. He's outstanding all I'm does everything started off. Well everything you want and it was basically a front roll it on the way exactly back like you just like you we talk about it every podcast but I mean we have Jake that the study is sets are vital to you guys weren't in the game. So I don't think is anyone bigger than better than Ferguson coming out their own hand. That's it gets 12 15 meters every character. Yeah. Yeah beautiful strong. Wrong, you'll fall powerful. Athletic was asked why it's a skill. I'm seeing put do they put Downs in the corner. They are. Yeah, that's skill. That's a Winger squeaks. I reckon we could start doing those you could add a few Clips to your game or Flash. And if either of you ever got there earlier training you'd see me. Have you ever seen Brian to from Canter's I have I have seen him like yeah Brian to yeah, he is the most unnecessary diversity. I mean you've got to Balance but front-flip wouldn't Kill Ya, who's your number one, please? Tell me it's as of now. I'm mr. Wright 79 and I will games three Reds games. I think coming from George heads to yes, three leave that one alone. I'll leave that we want to touch that but I tell you what, it says man that they got everything out of the wing position. It was long. You remind me that if I was going to say who you do you feel like your games close to I'd say Marina in really gotta Wonder In what way So you play the same Eddie, you're a high you were telling me the other day. One of the great strengths of lapa. Marina is ball playing skills. And I don't I can't we didn't do that on the wing but you can't remember the last time I pass the ball. Well your window who are going to Pastor the touchy. This is saying that when he's on the wing is similar like you have a lot of runs. So I mean who else has a lot of runs because that's probably the number one wing and I'm taking this hill Will love that too. Yeah, he'll be he'll is a big-time fan of the point to big-time pay what I owe you. My number three. I'm gonna start at number three now. This one is mainly for our field but Jack Reed as a fellow defensive Center is heavily underrated but he's also he's just a great play Golf the fit. I've said it numerous times where he's the funniest bloke and rugby league. You won't find anyone fire. What about Paris, La Cuba? Our yeah. So Jack Reed number three, I love the defensive. So I was things number two now on the flip side is not the greatest off-field influence. But Justin Hodges, I used to love his game. I love these aggression. I loved are you could just make a line break out of nothing. It's not similar to me. But I like watching that and I feel like one of the great things about playing Center like told the boys last week that I've dead sir played center since I was eight. I just Has been pigeon-holed in that position summarize and so I do like watching the senators in the NRL and I think the the one of the great things about Center is that one-on-one battle that the other positions as far as Wing does too but there's a real one-on-one battle that you want to get it out of your opposite number Drew this there's been a lot of talk recently made that that sin is dying there as a position. What do you thought? No, I agree. It's becoming more redundant and I think the the leave does it annoy? Oh, you went people like me got it was my point. Yeah, and the evidence for that is went back row is just get slaughtered in there and they don't seem to do any worse than you know, the real sentence. So that's probably the negative for it the real Senators who have played there. I think it comes down to like if you are getting shaped thrown it yet and that game like you could go through a whole game and they're borrowing without anyone's throwing at a can grade it yet. So if you don't have to defend that then I mean, of course it's going to be Asia but I suppose that's when it becomes a bit more difficult when you go to defend back-to-back attacking Plies and I love Santa. I don't think it's still I think we need more genuine centers not makeshift back rowers. And so we'll put Jay Hajj can't dramas. Well number one for me and look maybe he is maybe he isn't like me but I strive to be like him in every way Steve matter. I The hit me I love that man. Now for me, he revolutionized something that in defense I try and do this day and I don't see a lot of Centers do it. But in the one two, three the first tackles he would on purpose slide end push the Hearth out just so he could shot someone just having to hit up one hour literally from the other reasons and just to change your game and you can change the game with a big hit so That's sort of the bowl is I mean, there's no one better than State matter and then was he but he wasn't that big not he also got in can cast quite a few times. Yeah, so do I can direct the rest would pick it do you reckon? Oh, yeah hundred percent. The Reds would have it you want that get his hopes up and then it would break apart. Would you ever go to the dreads? I mean, it seems like well I January thought the rocket. Potentially, so I stayed mad I plus with the ball is underrated as well. I feel like he had great faith. That's probably what I'm lacking but definitely stayed matter for me is one of the old timers. All righty, boys. That's a wrap for today's session. Do you want any final words on maps before we got ya really Tink second before ya know it was big segment those who not Lizzy and previous contestant from Lyon. That's all we have time for today. Thanks for coming on. Get around it.