Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andré Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori. There is a danger that exposure on the box can change you there is nothing wrong with a little Swagger or even quite a lot but too much has well too much. That was the case during my one and only meeting with Jeremy Clarkson long before is prolonged departure from the beep and he's very entertaining Top Gear program. On the day we met fleetingly. His attitude was surprisingly rude. I was a guest of the BBC sports Personality of the Year award when Clarkson went to sit beside me at what I presume was is assigned seat. I said hello good evening and by way of conversation, what car did you arrive in tonight? Not the wittiest thing I've ever said but not the worst. He took one look at me turned and without a word a blue one would have sufficed found another seat two rows in front. I can only presume I didn't fit his eye. Arrow someone he wanted to talk to maybe he saw me as yesterday's man, whatever it was. It was just plain ill-mannered and suggested to me that mr. Clarkson has had it too. Good for too long. Wonderful. That's a 4y sad. Yeah. It doesn't say who filled the city afterwards I'd of thought it would have been an improvement on Jeremy Clarkson, but do you know what year this is? Well, no, he doesn't say it would have been early 2000s. I'm guessing. Have been sort of I'm not sure why Lori was there. Yeah, that's that's my yeah, is there no true, but he was probably more at the top of his game a lorry was by his own admission. Yesterday's man wasn't worried involved in the England shout for quite a time. No one had that statue at the FAA. I think he was pretty high up. Yeah, I think after the Graham Taylor stuff, he was still under 21s manager for a bit. Wasn't he? So maybe there's definitely something there because I need when I when I went to Grimsby And you stand the hospitality suite is the mcmenamy's sweet. It's just a little bit of information for you. That light so he's obviously got a bit of stature in Northeast Lincolnshire, but definitely on the coaching front. I'm sure what was that man linkage that's you know, what that's it guys ever wants to see grimsley's in Yorkshire. It's not your shh and it's Lincolnshire, but Northeast links is I'm not going to go into here. Yeah, but it feels like I was going on but I know it's fascinating stuff, but no he's got stature. And also don't you have like the BBC probably invite people that have been pundits and how that yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think he's under some Jimmy. Oh, yeah, because you've have you been today footballing award ceremonies. All right. Yeah the sports. Well, not the sport. So the foot the I suppose the PFA Awards is one of the ones that we go to is as players, which is always hilarious because you end up having a table. See you have a good season. So the only people that go to those are if you've had a good season so you The lines that link and when I was there just before I joined Lincoln had a whole table there and they found themselves sat next to like the Arsenal team like the invincibles and and they were playing these drinking games and I think you could still smoke inside either was at the Grosvenor anyway, and I just imagined that I would not imagine remember here in a couple of largest sparking up cigars at this doing and some of the Arsenal players just horrified look it over at them and then seeing them play in these weird. So I drinking games with her passion like an ice cube around through using various parts of their bodies, which was then I think quite a lot than what kicked out. So I don't have much of it we can say on that but just that weird thing and now you got the PFA Awards and they say, oh don't please don't ask the players for selfies don't quite and embarrassment of lower league players going up to these Premier League back in the day. It was like, we don't give a toss at the site and then it says it's like I'm only here to get my league to play the Year award or a team of the year because and that was the thing about those always it was sort of ridiculous because they read every single player for the Do anymore but every single platform every single team and then give the rationale. So by the time you get around to dinner, it's like, you know past eleven o'clock. So ridiculous and saw the Premier League players and just not having it anymore. They're far too famous for that. Now, they're like clocks and himself. They're just looking at looking at you and thinking yeah, not really my level. I suppose what momentum he's probably lucky didn't just punch him in the face and asked where his steak was opposed. Yeah, it could have gone a lot with her, but he's I like that Lori. Still he still happy to drop their name, even though that hasn't turned out exactly where we'd wanted to be still drops or not. He does love her. It does have a name dropped as long as the bike but it's all right. He comes across really nice is really says really lovely things about his wife towards the end which all of these footballers do so that that's nice and he's quite he's a bit odd about the the Graham Taylor at the documentary is sort of tries to distance himself from all of that. But that aside yes a nice book. But yeah, like I say, he does love us. Job is to the point where even boasts that he stood next to Rod Stewart Bobby Robson funeral. So no I'd want to pull out but he says here that on the day. We met fleetingly. His hearted attitude was surprisingly rude ever calling a good point. Yeah. I know here's the surprise. It's not massive news is it there's a nother story celebrity encounter. That doesn't go, you know, it does. Is a way in which it could be a better story than it is. This was from Bobby robsons Memorial. He says that's a Bobby Robson is Memorial in Durham cathedral in 2009. I was talking to Steve cram and Brandon Foster when we were joined by the two young television performers, ant and DEC whom I had never met before that's real Northeast will either yeah. Yeah. I know you couldn't be sure to place but I have read the ant mcpartlin had gone to st. Cuthbert's which is his old school and asked him if he was any relation to the art teacher I had with the same name. Not so he had never heard of him. Wow. Yeah, really getting everything that isn't it if you don't put it in there now. Yeah, as long as it's surrounded by celebrities and Peter, please just hanging Loosely linked the names. There's another one. Well, I don't know how familiar you are with the Bachelors anybody. Remember the Bachelors. I was sort of 60s Irish singing group. I think they would sort of I think I was successful but deeply unfashionable even then sort of Music even then but Lori talks about a time that he bumped into him and they really after he was Doncaster manager and he was down at Torquay though got relegated down a talkie and The Bachelors were at the hotel the same hotel and gave him a real confidence boost. He said that a real a big chat and I inspired him to to carry on. Yeah, he was he was really down in the dumps and he pumped in at The Bachelors who he says, you know had no business talking to me. They were way above my level. but I just uh again curious that that's the thing. He pulled I'll be far more interested in what actually happened to Doncaster. I because I mean Doncaster then I imagine is this the point when they were sprawling in the Wasteland of non-league for the next decade probably. Yeah, but then it must be the early in his career. Yeah, it's late 60s of the year. They didn't I can't remember that they came back so he took them down until mm. I'm guessing the Doncaster and have any sauce. But yeah until they had the really bad shortfall the yeah, they go bad in the 90s. When the Yang. Yeah and then dropped that's an incredible story. There's it. There's a bit of an aside ready, but there's a thing online that explains that whole story is the most jaw-dropping thing I've ever read of like just horrendous mismanagement and like the killing of a club FC. It's unbelievable. You think your clubs badly run you should have already decided on he's in the 80s. Yeah. It's amazing. But he's not the only one who's had sort of advice from big-time celebs because when John Lyle was manager of West Ham, he was given a bit of advice from the actress Billie Whitelaw who is in really well with the craze. Yeah, the bad nanny and The Omen. Yeah, the one that he takes out in the still run that goes over the side of the I don't support this point right here. Defense and also Samuel Beckett's for most actors, you know, for those of you who are watching my eyebrow. What was the advice? So basically Westheimer got relegated and he was feeling really down. And anyway, she she would sometimes come to the ground to me the players with her son and stuff anyway, and she said she told me that she had reached a point where she She was no longer examining the qualities of her performances. She simply looked she simply took them for granted at that time. She took a decision to look at her career more deeply and make herself work a little harder with people perhaps not quite so efficient or professional. So she went into provincial rep. She moved from the first division to the second that she made the decision consciously we didn't but she said we might find it had the same effect. She found working in smaller theaters are refreshing and Emulating experience and it gave her the chance to look at her career and performance in a different light. I've always remembered the advice. Okay, lovely why so many ways it's good that they got relegated to use little love and a half a cup. That's all down a billy work. Yeah brilliant spin on it. I don't have the same affection for getting sliding down through the league slow. I think soon should particularly groans in the lower leagues that are the perhaps the death of football in many footballers hearts. And just sitting in a Dugout and just you know, when you're a lot closer to the fans and I say fans is probably a lot less fans at those crowns and just then bang on the side and seeing who are you? Yeah, and yeah a little bit more sobering than treading the boards at the local. Yeah. It's a little cool fear. You should send me photos from lower league Dugout so rude when it was very nice little Saturday afternoon. I just got a text from Chris going and today. We're in The Dugout at so yeah. Well that was it. I was wanted to that was one of the things And so much time in dugouts. I thought well, I'll just sneak that was before iPhones because it was quite obvious. I just had the one these old rubbish Little finds out that side. I'll just take a picture of the game and send it to Bob and see what you think. So this so, you know, we're getting beat by Carlile away where it's quite deep Dugout and get away from it. That's what they gonna do. Put me on the bench. Yeah literally coming anyway, so yeah. There you go. We never collated then Bob. Well, maybe something that in the future this is certainly has no connection to pages of this.