We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in aThat opened up looking like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that. And well, that's that's how betting goes so we will get right into it. But guess what and everybody listening. If you go back to our second episode when we first talked about the season when over under yes, we are one win away. There are six games left in the season and the battle Hawks are one win away from covering their over under that Vegas disrespectfully put at three and a half to open up the season. Yeah, we I've been saying for now two months. Hey happy like almost two months to this podcast. It's been going well, but yeah, we are like two months in of saying that the wind totals projected from Vegas were absolutely ridiculous and had no basis whatsoever. And look now, we're at we were going in week 5 and the 2 most egregious ones the Vipers and the battle Hawks are both very close to being proven wrong already. The Vipers need one more loss. We need one more. Went if if the Vegas oddsmakers for those were a bean it would be garbanzo garbanzo beans. That's how bad that their lines were. But you know what we told you to take advantage of it and hopefully you did but I do want to give a quick shout-out to a few people there were two people in line that asked us to give them a shout out. We were in the season ticket holder line to get field access to the game and Catherine and Mike I didn't get the last names but they brought extra waivers for us. Science of the we could get onto the field a little bit quicker. It was super nice to them. They said give us a shout in the podcast. I don't know if they're listening or not. They said they were going to but Catherine Mike if you're listening, here's your shot out. Thank you very much for the waivers. We appreciate it because we got to go on the field and get a lot more autographs for the board. Yeah. It's really hot. Absolutely for those of you who weren't aware. The battle Hawks had a pretty pretty good deal for some some really lucky season ticket holders. They've been letting some of them go down on the field before the game. It's a really cool opportunity. It's just another thing that the XFL is doing really well as far as transparency goes and opening up to everybody who's a fan of the battle Hawks. It's been it's been a really cool opportunity and we really appreciate you guys because we have left waivers on my dashboard now two weeks in a row. So thank you for supplying those to us. We really appreciate it. But the on the field access was super cool for us. We're going to get into the our game review here in here in a second, but shout out to our entire special teams core for taking absolutely Tanner. Route Taylor ceiling on Marquette King. We also got David rivers to sign it. Yeah, but the full special teams core shot out. You guys took the time stop said hi to us your hands. It was super cool. You guys signed the sign the board. Hopefully we can get one you guys in the podcast soon would be really awesome for those of you who who listen but don't follow us on social media. We've got a big board of their sign made you can see it behind I believe it's the South End Zone. Are we sit on field goals? It's been on TV a couple times. No big deal and we've been trying to overtime get some of the players to sign it just sort of a piece of piece of Hawking loaded history if you will. So, yeah, we really appreciate the opportunity everybody. Like I said, the the access has been amazing. The on field experience has been amazing. The players have been really really awesome as well. Shout out Tanner crew and Tanner Crews girlfriend Sam. They were absolutely awesome. We talked to them for couple Ted Cruz father Marty. Yes, don't Is well Marty is well. Yes, they were fantastic. They talk to us kind of gave us a little bit more back story about Tanner. We're going to hopefully I want to get him on for a player break down that he's able to tell us that's the good guys. Don't just get to hear me ramble on about facts that I find about guys. So hopefully we can get him on and Shout out for them being. So awesome and taking the time to talk to us. Absolutely. It was super cool. But now let's get into some of the stats here about this game because like I said when we open this pod it Looked like it was going to be another blowout win. Like we had verse the Guardians. And and the thing about it is I think when you take the game for what it was, I think it really kind of was that dominating win the scoreboard might not show that when you when you will get a 23 to 16 final but the battle Hawks had the upper hand pretty much through the entire game. They kind of set back a little bit which might be something to think about in the future. But you know, it's better to have this happen now and still come out with a win then to you know, have it happen. When you get later in the season when the games are really meaningful for seeding in the playoffs, so it was really cool to see it was awesome to see that even when even when you have these teams come back late in the second half you can still pull it out of the end get that game ceiling interception. Yeah, all three. All three of these games were the three games that the to Saturday and then the the one on Sunday before the DC vipers game. They were all one score games. So it's super exciting to see a fun weekend of you know, competitive football happen this weekend until obviously DC just crumble, but we'll talk about that a little bit, but I want to run through some of these stats because yeah DC and hopefully they continue that drill will see what I'm talking about that a little bit but I want to run through some sets for you guys because like Brett was saying this was a battle Hawks dominated football game from start to finish and I just want to read through some stats and by the way, I'm about It through all of the stats of the XFL have on their their stat page online in the box score. This is all of them battle Hawks lead total plays total yards yards per play. They let in penalties once again. They let in third-down efficiency. They let in pass attempts completions and yards they did tie for passing touchdowns both teams that won. They had more rushing attempts. They had more rushing yards. Again. They tied four rushing touchdowns each team had one. The battle Hawks doubled the dragons time of possession, which is crazy. They let in first downs passing first downs rushing first downs and penalty first downs. I've got one question for you. Is that good? That's a tough question. I think it's good. It's so good. Oh my gosh, what a dominant performance. But here's the funny thing about that is the score doesn't show it. It really the score doesn't show that we dominated this game from start. Finished because when you look at it, I mean there was a legitimate scare that the dragons gave us toward them that game where they were starting to put some drivers together and BJ Daniels came in for the for the dragons and really added a spark to their offense that they hadn't really seen so far. I mean you look at kind of the Run game kind of ran through a lot of different guys didn't have any real standout guys that kind of continue the trend for the for the dragons but BJ Daniels came in led the team in rushing led the team in passing yards and Really? I mean delivered this. I don't know. We'll see how they play next week but deliver this potential spark that could ignite this Seattle dragons fire breath. Sure. I had to it was sitting right there for me. I had to grab it and take that opportunity for little punk know that that's fair. That was a there was a really easy easy get for you. Yeah, so I've been reading into it a little bit and I think that the dragons don't really have a choice but to start him next. He definitely sparked the offense and I'm pretty interested to see what he does when he gets you know, an entire week's worth of practice and a full game plan just centered around him. So yeah, I would expect that the dragons to come back this week and probably play him to start the game and we'll see if that does help them as far as a long-term quarterback option goes. Yeah, and we want to get into some of the the good and the bad of this game. So we're going to start with the good and the good that At I see is my goodness. I don't think this guy could ever disappoint me in anything in life. We are not worthy Taylor was still you know, we are not worthy of your Immaculate kicking skills. I mean you guys heard last week. We this he's been literally all around the globe playing football. He's played football in three different countries, and now he's finally taking advantage of his opportunity. He is dominating I believe there's only one other kicker that is kind of equivalent to him in terms of percentage and how many kicks that they've made and that's awesome McGinnis with the the Dallas Renegades. But Taylor cellino drills a 48-yarder a 38 yard and a 25 yard and really that was the difference in this game. Those those nine points were the huge swing. I mean you look at a one score game and if he misses one of those field goals, I mean that's a potential swing because that's Item shift to in this game. Oh, absolutely, but I want to Nick I want to get a t-shirt that just says Taylor was Julia. No Drive finisher. Is he any time he steps onto the field. He is not allowing the other team to have the momentum because he's putting points on the board. Yeah, you know, that's it's a really big thing that probably gets overlooked a lot when it comes to football is how important your special teams can be and you know, we've talked about the kickoff return touchdown. We've talked about having the most experienced punt. Stir in the entire league and to round that out with a absolutely lights out kicker who has been absolutely fantastic. What is he ate four eight now as far as kicks go, you know, those are points on the board and in a league where scoring is everything and you know, every sport is scoring is everything sure but when you can rely on the fact that even when a drive stalls inside the opponent's 40 your come out of that with points almost every time that's a Big deal, it takes some pressure off of the offense which helps them play better. It takes a little bit of pressure off the defense and you can get a bigger lead or closer to if you're losing and all in all again more points. You got to score more points points in the opponent. So if you've got a guy who just can nail kicks all day long, that's a that's a weapon. And so I'm really happy to see what Riesling I was doing really excited to see what the rest of the season brings to him. But yeah, the special teams in general has been Really good, and so moving over into the bat. I do want to say one thing. Okay. I do want to make a correction to the virtually no, seven four seven on the seat. Oh, he's so perfect then but we add an extra field goal. And then I did want to look it up just to make sure we don't want anyone in our Twitter DM saying you guys were wrong on the podcast. She's seven four seven not eat Freight. Yeah, that's fair, but he will be eight for eight If he if he Haven has to make an attempt next week with his next kick and Taylor recently know again he so we had six second half points and I mean the dragons put up two touchdowns and a field goal in the second half and so those those points because we didn't we didn't score any touchdowns in the second half and the second half offense kind of kind of weather down and we couldn't really get anything going big but Taylor recently not coming in clutch with the 38 yard in the second half of the 25 yard a really kind of keep this game at at a full touchdown with an extra point to make the Baggins kind of stay aggressive and then eventually, you know Will hill with the that pick to kind of seal the game for us as we run the clock out which was which was great. But as you were saying about the sure, yeah, so I mean, that's the good and again, there's a ton of good to be talked about but we always want to stay grounded and give you guys a little bit of what maybe not the bad but maybe more of the how what can we work on moving forward and you know, I can't believe we're going to say this but the running backs it was it was a bit of an Shoo this week and I think part of that can be chalked up to the fact that the Seattle dragons has a very very very good run defense. That's one defense in the league. They've got the best in the league. But I mean we had to pick out something as far as something we could hit on for the bad. And other than that, I mean maybe the fact that you come out of halftime and you kind of let the dragons get back into it. That wasn't great. But again, I think that was partially just part of the fact that the the battle Hawks got To lead and they knew they had the lead. So, you know, what did you think of a of the running backs the running backs themselves had a tough day. I mean just plain and simple they had a tough day. The battle Hawks are the league-leading rushing team, but they had a bad day and if it weren't for Tom, so I mean we finish this game 46 attempts with a hundred and thirty three yards and sixty three of those yards were Tom. Ooh without him this Is looking pretty pretty tough for a running back cause I mean, yeah, it's fair. Look at you. Look at our running backs, Matt Jones who had been leading the league in rushing 15 Russia's 20 yards 1.3 yards per attempt and I mean look, but this was one of those days where like we talked about last week if the Run game was not good enough. Then Tom was gonna have to step up and he did as we clearly saw but he's the best dual threat in the league. I don't care what anyone says about Phillip Walker. I've been I've been harping on this since we played them. Yeah, but as far as the best passing and running option overall, he is the best quarterback in the league, which is amazing to say and it's amazing to have on our team. But before we end the bad segment, let's let's talk about one thing. That was good Keith Ford's touchdown wasn't a rushing touchdown, but it was pretty awesome to what did counters rushing touchdown lead. It was a pitch. Okay? Okay. Well, hey, yes, that's so there. There's your rushing touchdown. But I mean if you saw it, he bobbled it about four times, but it was so much fun to watch as he just kept the ball. Front of him and the athleticism it takes to be able to keep that ball in front of you make the catch stay in bounds and then also tiptoe down the sidelines into the end zone. That was an absolutely freak athletic play the concentration on that was near like splitting atoms level Focus. So absolutely it was it was so fun to watch and being in the stands everybody. Just everyone. Oh, there's so much fun making this into that game because everybody just did about 16 double takes as he tipped at 85 times up to himself until he finally hauled it in and and scampered in the end zone. But again with the running backs. The last thing I want to say about them is, you know, Kristen Michael 12 for 27. .3. Yard average Keith Ford if it wasn't for that 13-yard long, he would have had you know 2 4 2 4 10 and but and we only had one reception Keith Ford one catch five yards Matt Jones Kristen. Michael didn't have anything so running backs not a great day, but we found a way to get it done with Tom. Hey guys, if you've ever been interested in starting your own podcast like Jed and I were when the XFL became a thing and you're passionate about a topic, you know, like the XFL as we are you can do that. It's pretty simple even with minimal experience as far as like audio mixing goes Jed and I were able to pick it up and we've been having an absolute blast with it. We use an app called anchor it's free. You can get it on anchor dot f m or the free anchor app to download. Load and it really couldn't be easier than that. And if you're looking into the podcast game check it out. Thanks. and speaking of our gorgeous quarterback Jordan Tom who has one our star of the week our first non Houston roughneck XFL star of the week. And I do want to give before we get into everything. I do want to give a quick shout out to Houston because I saw on Twitter they it was really funny. Actually the XFL had posted the Jordan Tom who was the extra Foster of the week and the first comment underneath it with a ton of likes was Houston, yeah, it's our first time not having it but we couldn't think of anyone more deserving of its. Oh, hey props to shout out Houston. Shout out their social media team social media. We agree. We agree after the Houston Roughnecks took it three weeks in a row with Phillip Walker came Phillips. Can Phillips. Finally Jordan Tom who gets on getting kids. Alright MVP MVP and here's the funny thing. We look at his stat line, and we're not blown away by it. Because this is what he's been doing, but no one just had this outrageously insane day and the XFL and so Jordan Tom who's incredible weekly stat line find is the best a line of credit? I know Jordan Tom. Ooh, 2427 74 completion percentage 264 yards with a 43-yard absolute bomb to Keith mumphrey. That was the best. That was the best pass. I've seen this scene this year for it was beautiful he had Today the throwing some oh and finally got his name. He had a 27-yard dime to D1 a pierson-el for his only passing touchdown of the game. Only took one sack for 5 yards, which is huge. I mean you think about that's not really a normal stat that you look at when considering who gets star of the week. But when it comes to keeping drivers alive in a close game, especially the second half and you can avoid taking sacks and stuff like that that's massive. The only take to take just one sec the entire game. Which is really cool, but he also added 63 yards in the ground on 16 attempts. He was our leading rusher had the longest Russian our team with 14 yards. He bawled out he bawled out he did he deserves nothing short of the credit and he deserves nothing short of being one of the two people really left alone in this MVP race. So we're not we don't have any sort of reward, but just a solid round of applause for our qb1 Jordan Damu with our player of the week. Week, let's go. He's I'm so proud of him. I'm so proud of him. He was the inaugural player to sign our our board. He was and he's in a gorgeous beautiful signature guy has a beautiful signature. It's the only one that could rival is Marquette Kings because Mark a king to signature is a crown is literally a crown with the number seven. That's what it took me a day to realize what it was but it was so cool when I realized it. It's super cool. We were we were so excited to get his signature as you guys know, we love to He was the first guy who did a player breakdown on we're so excited to see where he's going to take this franchise. And honestly, it's only looking up from here. I mean his stat lines have been great week in and week out. He finally got the League wide recognition he deserves and also by the way, do you know what he do? You know what he did today or yesterday? Sorry. Do you know what he did yesterday? I believe I do but please enlighten us. I would like to tell everyone. Not just you listening, but I would like to preach this to the world. If you take nothing else from this podcast shout it from the mountaintops understand this what Jordan Tom a lot of the other XFL battle Hawk players did yesterday they took their day off. They went to the st. Jude's Children's Hospital and they treated those kids like they were royalty. You love to see it. It was so sweet to see Jordan Tom. Ooh taking I believe her name was Ann. I can't remember being so but taking am by the hand and getting a tour of the hospital by someone who's in st. Jude's and to have a quarterback of your franchise that is going to take his his free day and go spend some time with some kids. It's special. It's it truly is special. Yeah, it it's it can make a huge difference to kids who are going through these kind of illnesses, you know, stuff like that. Even if they don't know. What football is don't care. What football is these people taking time out of their day to come and hang out with them and really spend some time with them and give them the attention care and loved those kids really need. It's awesome to see You know, it's awesome for us because you know, you get to see you get to see how cool your quarterback is how nice of a guy really is and all the other players along with him. But for those kids, you know, it it can really make all the difference in the world and I'm sure the parents of those kids also really appreciate it as well. So it's really cool to see how this team is getting integrated with the st. Louis Community. We've harped on it a bunch, but you know, it's bigger than football sometimes. And these are the these are the extra extracurriculars. If you want to say that go the extra mile and prove to the city of st. Louis at this team really cares about its community and it's here for the long haul a hundred percent. I we like to have fun on this podcast. We like to joke a lot like to be loud. Sometimes we like times too loud. We like to have a lot of fun. But this is one of those one of those topics where it's Truly something special that we get to see players do being integrated in the community like this in a way. That's so impactful is truly something that brings me Pride to have in my team knowing that the guys that I'm rooting for on the field are the guys that I'm rooting for off the field because they make it easy to do. So. Yeah that that's awesome. I think I think you you couldn't have put it better man. I think and to all who deserves the XFL star of the week for off the field performance as well. They should have one of those you know, you know, the NFL has got the Walter Payton. There's a other sports leagues all have their own like Man of the Year award. I wouldn't be surprised if the x of L has something like that and I think Tom would be a great first guy that I first got to get it I couldn't agree more I could I can't think of a better person. Maybe it's the man of the year award and then from now on it's the Jordan to our Moon Man of the Year award. I like the Ring of that. It sounds good to me. It sounds absolutely perfect. All right. Well, let's uh, let's keep it moving Jed. I think it is time for your player. Breakdown. We are here with another player breakdown in man. I love these segments. I love just getting to research these guys and kind of find out more about their lives find out more about who they are and really get to tell you guys. I mean who you're cheering for? I mean, obviously we just talked about Jordan Tom. Ooh who is spending some time off the field and stuff? And obviously we did a player break down with him. With our second episode but really just getting to know some of these players that you know, some of the the defensive guys in the Special Teams guys. Like I would have never known that Taylor was Julia no went to China and played elite football for the Shanghai Skywalker's that is still it's a week later, but it is still one of the coolest team names I've ever heard. I would have known I would have never guessed. So it was a tonight. I assume that a lot of the people listening to this also. I would not have guessed that either so it's really cool. We hope you guys enjoy these segments Jed does a lot of research on each guy to get some some good facts about them. So you guys can just learn a little bit more about the people that you're rooting for on the field. So with Jeff that Jed, I guess I'll let you take it away. I like to do all of these guys their due diligence. Yeah, for sure. I like to I like I said, I like to think that I really respect their names when it's coming out of my mouth. Absolutely So today we're going to focus on Robert Nelson Junior. Let's keep part of his name Robert Nelson jr. He is a DB for your St. Louis battle Hawks. He started out his football career at Louisiana Monroe in college, where as a freshman only played five games had five tackles for the solo the solo version of The Tackle nice and he had six total ones. You just had one assist which is something that I find interesting because last week Alright, you guys a lot of the league-leading stats and I was doing solo tackles. Mostly. I didn't do any combined tackles and then not two days later the extra file decides to put up all of that information on their website, but they use combined tackles to which I found pretty interesting. I don't think that they necessarily stole the info for me. I'm sure they have people that can do that research on their own more than likely but maybe they did who's he say who's to say you can't prove otherwise battle Hawks media Guy come on the podcast. And claim your innocence hundred percent. So that was his freshman year his sophomore year started 12 games had 39 tackles 55 total this season had a much better year to picks 55 yards on the return kind of broke out that year 2011 was in the transfer portal as he transferred to Arizona State where he started 13 games for the Sun Devils, which I think is a very fun name for a college. Arizona State Sun Devils, it's a really cool Stadium. I've actually been there. It's an awesome campus. He started 13 games only had 13 tackles, but finish that year with his college career high in picks with three which was super awesome had five passes defended that year and then his senior season started 14 games his career-high 44 solo tackles his career-high for college 57 total tackles and again went back to head the exact same amount of picks and yardage as his sophomore season at Louisiana Monroe little fun fact for you. That's a good which is super interesting. Um did some Punt and kick returns and colleges. Well, we like to focus on guys that do some special team stuff obviously in a player breakdowns. We've done one on Marquette King and Taylor recently know we're hoping to get tanner Carew on and we obviously focused on demornay pierson-el when he was doing pain returns, and he returns in college. So I'll just a little bit of stats from him. He finished his sophomore season at Louisiana Monroe. He had 12 returns 59 yards. Very average numbers his junior year. He had two returns for 13 yards. Again. That was at Arizona state did not do very much. They're only had two returns. But then his senior season. He really broke out as a kick return and we haven't seen him do any kick returns or anything like that so far with with the battle Hawks but finish that you with 31 kick returns. For a hundred 99 yards apart returns. Pardon me Paul returns for a hundred ninety nine yards really broke out that way. And then and that's when Robert Nelson really went to the pros that your he got selected as an undrafted free agent with Cleveland and Robert Nelson's pro career didn't take I would consider him a journeyman with how many teams he had signed with at one point. We're going to run through those in a second for you guys, but for Cleveland in 2014, when he was with them had seven games did not record a tackle did not record a stat the next year he went to or two years later. So pardon me. He was with the Houston Texans wearing number 32 played 11 games finished with a pick and 20 solo tackles. That was by far his best professional career year and then the next season he was with the New York Jets where he played two games finished with four solo tackles, and that was it. However, I To look at some of the teams because he has had a very journeyman esque career in in the pros where he was just went all across from practice squads to being signed by teams to being waived. I mean, he's really had look at just will run through this list and you see where he had to go across the country started out in Cleveland went from Cleveland, Arizona, Arizona, Houston Houston to New England New England to New York, which was you know, not too far. Way New York to Baltimore Baltimore to New Orleans and then finally that's when his his professional career was done for the time being he could make it back there one day in the NFL in the league that we don't name, pardon me sorry for offending you now it's all good. I've kind of gotten over it because I love the XFL it's been so much fun that I just kind of forget about the atrocities of That League, but it's fine so all good and then he spent a brief period with the Arizona HotShots, that's the aaf team. That's a cool team name, which it really is. I mean, they F League had some really cool names. You have the Orlando Apollo's you have the Arizona HotShots. We are in XFL podcast now, let me let me say my bad. Go ahead XFL has way better team names like the battle Hawks for sure. And the funny thing about this is this was something that I really found interesting about Robert Nelson and some of you guys may know that some of you guys might not Robert Nelson was not drafted by the battle Hawks. They didn't see his talent at the time but he was drafted by who I would consider our main rival in the XFL right now because a lot of battle Hawks fans were on a couple fan pages on Facebook and things like that and we see people talk about the Tampa Bay vipers being our number one rival. Worried, but to be a rivalry wouldn't have to be competitive and the Vipers I think are almost. Consensus lie, that's not a word. They're the consensus last place team right now. I mean, yeah, they just beat DC pretty bad, but they are looking bad. So I would say personally that our biggest rivalries with Houston. So Houston drafted Robert Nelson in the second round of the phase for draft, which is obviously the defensive backs and Secondary guys, and then we went ahead and traded for Robert Nelson in exchange for offensive lineman. Juwan Bush LBD and quarterback quarterback Charles James, which I don't know what those two guys are up to. I hope they're playing well because we initially drafted them but Robert Nelson. Absolutely Ballin Out For Us been a stud this week this past week tied for sexually. I don't think he was tied he was actually out, right? Second place with his tackles trailing only Dexter recoil on a defense that was high-flying and the did you know, did you know this is a fun fact that I wanted to add in because obviously Robert Nelson is part of our defense, but let's hear it the battle Hawks defense leads the league in defensive touchdowns. And I mean that given up So opposing offenses have the least amount of touchdown scored on our defense. Yeah. It's pretty nice to have both the league-leading offense. We're actually I guess that's Houston. It's pretty nice to have my favorite offense. And also the League's best defense put it that way. It's so great and I want to just kind of look into a little bit of of Robert Nelson as we're wrapping it up this time. Robert Nelson really is someone that I discovered gives a Of his time to those that are less fortunate than him. I saw in his Instagram story. He's going around the city handing out things to the homeless giving people money. You kind of see if you go back and up. I don't want to say that I stalked his Instagram, but I definitely did if you go back far enough, you can see him doing some real things that like impacting youth football and and kids that he knows and keeping kids on the right path and things like that and donating his time to the Next Generation. Ian and I want to just briefly mention just how cool that is because you and I we work with youth programs we do and we volunteer our time which we think is really special. So for me, I I personally connected with Robert Nelson on that and the fact that he donates his time to the youth and especially Youth Sports programs and things like that. I want to leave with this tweet that he had tweeted just yesterday, which I thought was actually really cool. This was the direct quotes. I'm tweet. I'm quoting from his his Twitter. He said my brother asked me yesterday. Have I ever gave my all to anything or anyone ever? I said, yeah football cool. What a quote guys. What a quote drop Mike Robert Nelson. What a quote where I was so excited to get to learn about you kind of see what you do in your off time. You spend so much time volunteering if you ever hear this, we'd love to have you on the podcast. We'd love to kind of talk with you about what that Journey was like going all across the country from NFL team to NFL team to aaf and then being moving from Houston to St. Louis in the XFL your real journeyman. Would love to have you on but that will be a wrap for our player. Breakdown awesome. Good job Jed. That was that was great. As always. Thank you. I appreciate that. Love. I appreciate that from you. Ya gotta give some love. Alright guys, so real quick. We're going to talk a little bit. Of some off-the-field stuff. So as always I've got our spreadsheet pulled up our guy and he'd act 1776 off of Reddit. Thank you, man. Appreciate it. He's got all of the ratings for the league something I kind of want to talk about is we're getting into our next section. And that is we've got a little bit of a of what some people would call an issue in a decline in viewership on a week-to-week basis. The average has gone down each week it the first week it obviously you're going to you're always going to see a drop-off from opening week to second week. It was pretty substantial almost a million viewers actually on average less from Week 1 to week 2 and it hasn't dropped off that much since but we are still seeing a little bit of a steady decline. I'm hoping that that's sort of levels out over time, but we're really going to see we're going to we're going to get a good test of the XFL staying power here real soon with March Madness coming up there's a lot of good sports to watch now, especially on the weekends. And so we're going to the XML is going to get tested. They're going to get tested to see how how much people will tune in to watch it. You know, it seems from the reports that I've seen that one of the things they're seeing is, you know teams that aren't doing well don't have as good of viewership is teams that are doing well and unsurprisingly because of the whole the idea that the St. Louis, the only team that doesn't have professional football also in their area you're seeing the attendance for the st. Louis games a lot higher than that of the rest of the league people in St. Louis, they want football. And so while the attendance for some of the games are dropping as the season goes on the battle Hawks are still up around like the 28,000 per game, which is actually why we're going to jump into the next segment. which is about the recently announced information from Kurt hums Ecker the team president that they are going to open up the upper bowl for ignore the game for March 21st going to place it doesn't it doesn't guarantee anything past that but what it means is while while other teams have seen some issues with with getting people to continue to commit and and go to these games the the battle Hawks are having to actually expand their venue. I know that DC was in talks to actually change where they're playing next year from oddie field because they just they don't need the capacity at oddie field. But with the battle Hawks, it's you know, they're going to open up from what I heard. The deal is going to be they're going to open up 5,000 more seats at first. I don't know where exactly in the upper deck they're going to be but they're going to start at $15 per seat. I think they'll go on sale at 10:00 a.m. On Friday and from what Kurt Hans. Your said love that guy. He is an absolute wealth of information very open. You guys should definitely follow him. It's at Kurt hunziker. His picture on Twitter is just a KH this red and blue. He's very knowledgeable and he's the team president so he knows what he's talking about and he's very good at responding to people and getting them information about what what the battle Hawks are doing to improve everything as far as game day situations the he's the one who announced all the information. On the extra beer vendors the extra vendors for all of the apparel before the game the extra stuff outside selling stuff outside. So he's been great. And yeah, he announced today that they're going to open up at least 5,000 more seats and if people keep buying them, they're just going to keep opening more until they don't have anybody else who need who needs them. So this is a really good sign for the XFL and I think it's a reason why the exit valve needs to put a lot of their buying power and a lot of their staying power. In cities like st. Louis where they don't have professional football in any other forum. And so whether it's college towns smaller Market cities, something's something's going to give here and I think they're going to realize that there's a there's a desire for this XFL and there's markets that can be grown out of this. It's just choosing the right cities that really want to get behind it. And st. Louis was a great choice. Obviously Jedi. I've been talking for a couple minutes on this, but go ahead. What's your input? Now before you you if you're listening to this. Consider what I have to say before you stop listening to our podcast all the others. I'm just gonna go and say right now I know where he's going with this and at least half of this podcast is does not agree with him. So, please listen for me. There's two people on this podcast. There's two different opinions. Opening up the upper bowl scares me and let me tell you why week one sell out crowd completely sold out the if you looked on I think it was StubHub, there wasn't a seat available. It was beautiful. It was awesome week two after the battle Hawks had one week one week two at the Dome. mm less ticket sales in the lower bowl I don't want that number to scare anybody because it's not like a dropped off by like five or seven thousand seats. However, if the XFL is going to start opening up the upper bowl. I think that it's going to take away. It's not going to add but I think it is going to displace fans that were in the lower bowl making it look more scarce and less crowded on TV and put them in the upper bowl because when you're watching the game on the field, what do you see you see the lower bowl. Yep, and if you take 5,000 fans from the lower bowl and move them up to the upper. I hope I'm wrong. So I hope I am so wrong. Let me let me give Scares me. Let me give you my thoughts on why I do think you're going to be wrong at least in the short term and that is that they've taken precautionary steps to make sure that that shouldn't happen in theory. And that is they made sure that like 98% of the lower bowl was sold out before they opened any seats and it's not like they're opening everything you might see some people from the end zones or whatever go up to the top, but there's probably going to be some way to keep That from happening whether it's someone checking tickets as you're going up top. I actually as I talk through it, that's probably what's going to happen. They'll probably have someone at the escalators or whatever who's checking tickets to make sure that people are where they're supposed to be because yeah, they the last thing they want is that have instead of having 28,000 people packed into the lower bowl and make it look like an absolutely raucous crowd that's filling up the entire place to have 35,000 scattered from top to bottom and then it looks like it ends up looking like you're half. Venue, which I mean technically 30,000 is half filled when you pack it all in the lower bowl when you concentrate, it looks a lot better. So I think they're doing a pretty good job of preventing that by making sure that they had almost everything. It was like a couple scattered seats still left for the LA game before they open anything. And again, they're only opening an extra 5,000 to begin with. So this is obviously going to be something that is a it's going to be a process going to be a learning process and we're going to see over time what that true demand for it is and I'm really curious to see how they handle it. But the one thing you've got to give the XFL in the battle Hawks especially is everything that they've done so far has seemed to go pretty well. None of the moves that they've made is as far as getting this league off the ground and how it's gone. The last couple weeks has been anything other than procedure and planned out absolutely perfectly. So I can't imagine they're going to stray away from this and if they didn't have a game plan in place, I don't think that they'd be doing this because Well, they've got a bunch of demand for it. They still don't want to screw up the product that they have already completely fair. You know what? Hey totally fair. I'm man enough to admit when I'm wrong. I don't think I am but the points that you make are completely Fair well, and I genuine I genuinely guys I genuine I'm gonna say one more time. I genuinely hope that I'm wrong about this. I hope that st. Louis absolutely packs the place and there's not I hope they have to open up another 5,000 seats and they started Fill section by section and they keep going but I just this is a slippery slope and I really don't want to see St. Louis have these high hopes of packing a stadium and then if they can't do it, well, we're going to shut it down completely and we're going to shut down the upper bowl and all stadiums. We're not going to make sure anything happens and the XFL is just going to put a put a clamp down on it. When maybe this was too early. It's my one point. If you with on this is it's very clearly not a money grab and that's where that's where you can destroy things go wrong is when teamcc. Oh, we've got a ton of demand we can just open up the top bowl and sell an extra couple thousand tickets and make more money. It's very clearly not that and here's exactly why because if that were the case, they would have done it week one. They would have seen the the draw they would have seen how quickly they sold out tickets and the price of tickets and how it increase on the secondary Market. And they would have immediately opened up more seats for the purpose of making more money. If they didn't do that. They would have seen how well week one went then. They would have released tickets on Monday for week two, but they didn't they waited. They wanted to make sure that this was something that was a viable product and that it kept its its newness. It's excitement everything and that people still wanted it and the other thing is they've got three weeks to make sure this is this is ready to go and they didn't release them on Monday. They release them today on Thursday. So, you know exactly what they did. Saw the demand in week one it continued in week 2 they took this entire week to figure out whether or not it was going to be a viable option to do so and now they've got two and a half weeks to still continue to sell tickets and get as much as they can out of this and make it as positive and of an experience as possible. All right, I'm done on my rant. You guys let us know what you think if you guys want to go ahead and tweet at us or sliding rdms. Let us know what you think. If you guys want to shout on the podcast if you are right or wrong we can let you know in three weeks when we figure that out for sure. But for now we are going to move onto our game preview of our matchup versus the DC Defenders who they're in second place right now at two and two in the East. So in our division, they're our closest rival this game is being played in DC and the Defenders are coming off to of probably the worst three games The Defenders have been on both sides of a goose egg so far in this league, and they are all over the map if you ask me I mean you look at what happened two weeks ago we talked about this blowout that La gave them were cardale Jones who had a 15 percent completion and through four picks in that game and really just couldn't get anything going to La défense stifling and you think okay well DC you know the tune while they're going to come back next week well you know they came back next week and they score less points than nine this scored less points than eight this score less points one this score less points than one he scored zero points guys 0 whole points just in case you guys are wondering and for you guys to kind of have an idea of how many points they scored Brett and I sitting in the stands of the battle Hawks game scored the exact same amount of points as the DC defendant in a you a different state wherever you were watching the game you can say I scored the exact same amount of points as the DC Defenders on Sunday yeah it's not great I would say it's probably if the LA I have had the best glow up of the season the DC Defenders have definitely had the worst blow up of the Season. There are just as it did as they one of the things I talked about after week to was they looked like a very opportunistic defense. They were a team that capitalized on mistakes from the other teams. And when those teams stop making mistakes and the DC Defender started making their own mistakes. You see what happens. I wouldn't I would expect them to score points this week, but you don't see teams get shit. Out I wouldn't weeks because you know, they get more aggressive something goes their way kick a field goal. It just shut outs are not all that common in football. So I wouldn't expect the them to come up against the best defense and come out with zero. I could see them scoring six one two field goals. That's no problem at all. But I do believe that the battle Hawks are going to go into DC they're going to go up against it. Team that has kind of lost its entire identity and they're going to they're going to roll him over and so yeah, I'm expecting I might be jumping ahead of myself, but I'm definitely expecting that the battle Ox will win this game very easily and I'll get I'll get more into that into into my bets but my key matchups for for this game is going to be I want to see the wrong game, but get back to where it was weeks 1 through 3. I think commanding the ground game is going to be a big deal against a team that again is opportunistic. It loves it loves interceptions. We saw that in the first two weeks. They have like three pick sixes in the first two weeks. If you can limit any sort of turnovers any sort of bad plays that give them momentum. This should not be a very hard game. I don't think cardale Jones look really good for two weeks and then he's looked really really bad for two weeks. I'm curious to see what happens when he gets back. Home, but yeah, so if I had to say my two keys for the game is the Run game and just kind of seeing how Cardell comes out in the first series. We're going to know a lot about how this game is going to go very early on that's fun. That's fun. Because what we have one of the same key matchups do we? Yeah the Run game so we look at what the Vipers Run game did it obliterated and I don't think there's a better word. It obliterated. The DC defense. The DC defense was supposedly through two. Weeks or three weeks even this incredible defense that you know could hold teams in check and we thought the Wildcats is maybe a maybe a fluke. But then we see For The First Time in Mexico history not just won 100 yard rusher but to 100 yard rushers from the same team. Davion Smith and decreased Patrick Davion Smith 24 yards a hundred twenty four attempts a hundred and twenty-two rushing yards 5.1 yard average Jackie's Patrick 21 attempts 108 yards of 5.1 yard average there was not a single one hundred yard rusher until this game and Tampa Bay put up two of them in the same game it was a Beatdown it was a blowout and so if we can do the exact same thing with Matt Jones and get Kristen Michael and Keith Or into our mu and get those for really running. I think we could blow this this game wide open and and my second key to the game is What can our Corners do against a not great-looking receiving Corps? Yeah, I mean you look at it apart Cardinals played bad cartel has played bad. Yeah, these last two weeks for sure. But you look at last game. They played a full 60 Minutes. They had 3 players catch a football 3. Not very many three players and one of them was running back. Yeah, we spread the ball a lot compared to that. So yeah, I would agree. You know, I think about it that that receiving Corps is not all that good and Cardell has looked like a poor man's Jameis Winston. So and if we can see what cardale Jones I mean, he's put up in the past two weeks. He's put up five interceptions. So if we can get pics that would be awesome. But that's not one of my keys to the game. I'm predicting two interceptions by poor man's Jameis Winston cardale Jones and I'm predicting one of them is taken back to the house for a pick six. First of the season for the battle Hawks. Oh, I would love that. Oh, I would love to see that. Happy awesome. Yeah shutting down these receivers which for the past two weeks has not been a hard thing to do. I think that's going to be a key to this game the DC Run game. has not been anything impressive I think it's more about shutting down these receivers and when you shut down the receivers cardale Jones kind of crumbles and and hopefully we can we can you know put them in a corner and you know knock him out before the end of the first round everybody puts Cardell in a corner wow wow well done I'll give you props for that one that was good that was good all right much like those props It's giving them some bets. Whoo. Yeah, I transition. I am I'm on right now man. Alright, so in Brett's betting Corner that doesn't have any sort of fancy intro like Jed's. There you go. It's that yeah, let's take a look at some of these lines. I'm very curious to see what it's going to look like this week. So here's the lines. I've got we've got the Seattle dragons at the Houston Roughnecks is 13 Point dogs. And an over under forty six and a half the Guardians are seven and a half Point dogs to the Dallas Renegades who will be at home with a over under 36 and a half that's ten point difference on those two games up. That's pretty interesting. I can see that game going a couple different ways. We've got the Tampa Bay vipers at the LA Wildcats. That's just a one point spread with the Vipers being a one point Underdog and then of course your st. Louis battle Hawks are three point favorites over the DC Defenders at home. I If I'm looking at this correctly, yes, the the st. Louis battle Hawks are the only team this week on the road. That is the favorite that just goes to show you how good this team is now. Obviously, it's a small it's a small spread but I would still be absolutely taking that spread - three against the DC Defenders it look absolutely hopeless against the battle Hawks who have been probably the most consistent team week-to-week of any of them. Absolutely. I'm taking that I'm curious of that 39 and a half. If over for the battle Hawks as well, I can see them putting a absolute showing on the field and DC this week. But as far as the spread goes for this week, I'm definitely taking minus 3, that's basically money line in this league with the waypoints go. They are - 155 money line. So I'm not taking that that's not really worth it even though that that's going to hit as well if you want free money fine take it, but I do want to kind of start thinking about some other games and where you can get a little bit more money the ELA Wildcats and Tampa Bay vipers moneyline is kind of interesting you've got even money on the Tampa Bay vipers they are coming off a pretty big win Ela is feeling pretty good after I believe a two game winning streak I don't know about that one I think if anything I'm almost inclined to take man Jed how do you feel about Seattle is 13 Point dogs in Houston I just guys I do not believe in Houston I know they're foreign oh I know they've been great I know they've got cam Phillips and I know they've got Phillip Walker and all that but for whatever reason they just do nothing for me nothing about them says they should be all that good their defense is just okay they've been they've been skating by on really lucky breaks as far as penalties and intercept you go but they're not like DC in the sense that they're not opportunistic or anything they're just getting lucky here's what I would say about it we were wrong last week about Seattle we thought Shadow is not going to cover are we going to go against them again I don't think I'll be doing so no no so if you want and that's a huge line it's a huge line it's bet even even in a league where it one touchdown can be nine points yeah so cellulose battle Hawks it - 110 it's a -3 spread take that and just go ahead and spend the money elsewhere already because it's free money Seattle dragons at Houston rough next take the take the Seattle dragons plus 13 I don't I don't have Houston's average spread right in front of me but I cannot see that happening it yeah they're probably going to win that game see how has been all over the place and Houston's been consistent but I just I don't see I don't see them running away with that one if anything I see it being closed and then getting them skating by again if you can't tell I'm not a big Houston fan I can tell oh I can tell and I think our listeners until so so that's that's my picks for the week I'll be interested to see how this week goes as far as far as games I'm predicting Houston's going to beat Seattle I Yeah, probably Dallas is probably be in New York. They they don't they can't get out of their own way st. Louis beating DC. And ah, I think I'm gonna go with the Tampa Bay vipers beating the Wildcats at home. I don't know why I just have a feeling give me La in that one. And that's the only one we disagree on. Okay, I'll take the Wildcats. I think Josh Johnson is really found his way there. I think that their defense has been playing pretty well holding teams to 9 and 17 the past two weeks. So give me a lie and that And we'll see who comes out on top. That's fair man. That is very fair. We do have one Twitter question this week down from our our our so we're not growing exponentially anymore of one to four last week. We were hoping for eight but then we would have been here for three hours. So our one question comes with comes all the way from Columbia, Missouri. Mr. Drew fry and it's kind of a hilarious question. But basically he just asked have we already bought our tickets for Houston for the championship? Minor in my cart. I haven't bought them yet because I don't want to jinx it but minor definitely in my cart and I'm perusing the area for hotels. It's almost upset to even ask at this point because it's almost a lock that we're going to be there. I mean playoffs. I'm almost guaranteeing where we are again for the 9000 time if you don't take anything away from what I say here other than the fact that I think we're the most consistent team in the most well-rounded team. It's That we're going to be in the playoffs guys just book it now. I mean, I saw a stat today that had the odds for MVP and so far we have Phillip Walker at - 125 Jordan to a mu @ + 150 so pretty close and the next highest line is Landry Jones at +1000 any bet that's plus a thousand is a good bet. It is a two-horse race and I think genuinely believe that that's exactly how it is in the XFL as well. I think we are at the top. I think Houston is at the top and below that you got a lot of people fighting. For two playoff spots. I'll tell you what, I don't really like about that. And that is the fact that they're in different divisions. So we only play Houston wants this year and it was at Houston and so in this hypothetical matchup, we're playing the championship in Houston at Houston Stadium for the second time this year. They haven't come to the Hawks Nest. They haven't come to the battle dome Revenge game, but they don't know what it's like to step foot in. I'm calling the Hawks Nest. By the way, they don't know what it's like they don't know what it's like to come into an enemy territory. That is pretty much undoubtedly the hardest place to play in this league. Absolutely. I mean we have people in the It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia war eagle bird Casablancas flying around we have Excalibur bird. We have we have Hawk Hogan sitting right behind us. We have Hulk Hogan. We have the battle Hawks Mafia. Yeah, which is in 128 shower all those guys with their matching jackets that look like super cool holding it down. We have the Hawks Nest on the other side of the stadium. It's a scary place to play it is it's a it's a terrifying place to play and we'll see that hopefully we can host a playoff game and we can go ahead and take our butts down to Houston and go ahead and and whip us up some Roughnecks so we can go ahead and get ourselves a championship it what you say now. I don't even know what you just said. Exactly. Alright guys. So yeah. The battle Hawks going on a two game road trip will be back next week Tuesday or Wednesday as always looking for another win this week going to get to get to 4 and 1 I believe ya to cash out our overseas and windbags is going to be yeah again guys. We're just rolling in money over here. We want you to get on this Cash train. It's amazing over here. So yeah, as always follow us on Twitter follow us on Instagram hocked and loaded. We've got some more stuff coming up in the near future. Hopefully I know. We've been talking about it a little bit but hopefully we've got some merchandise stuff like that coming out. We had a lot of people who really love our logo. We love it as well. I wear it pretty much every day at this point and in some form. So yeah with that I if you Jen you have anything else I do not. All right with this week with that. I am Brett stock klausner. I am judge Fleming. Thanks guys, go by two Hawks.