Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are bad. They are bad. Because every drug you shouldn't try. methamphetamines crank crack grass AKA tree AKA The Devil's lettuce AKA marijuana Okay, Mary Jane ecstasy. heroin Okay. So today we're going to list everything that is yellow. You remember is supposed to do that. Good segue. Um, so we're going to pass the mic back and forth and name something yellow. So I'll start banana. Orange lemon that leaf I just ate. meningitis the stain on my backpack my semen the football post over there the sky the grass ball yellow ball paint yellow paint yellow bubble gum That's a green. my tongue the tip of my dick your insides after I'm through. the goo in my ears my saliva my blood my uterus my ovary not both just the left. my right nut sack pineapples this Leaf I'm eating. dandelions SpongeBob's massive cock my pupil Leon's tongue are these ovary just the left? Hey. Hey, what's up? Not much. How about you? grass Hello Leon. Can you tell me about one of the greatest podcast making apps of all time? Oh, no, you're calling someone I'll do it. Well, I'll look there's crack cocaine in the corner. Yum. Look you're listening to this and you're probably thinking I wish I was just like those people well, guess what? You can be almost as cool as we are. If you get anchor the new podcast making app it lets you share your thoughts post whatever you want not whatever you want though, because you could go to jail if it's something that but anything that's illegal. You can post it share with the world get people to listen. On Spotify Apple music all sorts of other stuff and you can even listen to podcasts anchor specific where you can't find anywhere else and it's really cool. Our podcast is also on there. It's a great tool for anyone who wants to make a podcast. So do it and don't do drugs. It started already. Do you guys want to make podcast? Do you guys want to get your words out there? Okay. Do you do you ever want to make quality content? What are I'm so fucking done with this just like if you want to record podcasts use like whatever app you want. I don't care. you thinker because anger is the app you want. It's got tons of features tons of podcasting can listen to it automatically uploads your podcast to places like Spotify and apple music. So everyone can listen to it just like you're listening to it right now. So download anchor it's free. Yes. You have a schedule. I love it. Literature Corner session. Did we call a session or quarter corner? I think literature. Okay chapter one SpongeBob fanfic. SpongeBob was an innocent cinnamon roll or so everyone thought he was the dirtiest sponge in the ocean. He had so many sex toys as you can imagine now SpongeBob was getting ready for his work out with Larry. So he had to make sure that all the toys were gone and they knocked on the door SpongeBob answered. Hey you Larry come on in sure thing SpongeBob Larry replied Larry was no pervert. No absolutely not. He just had this unhealthy and fact that relation with SpongeBob you could sail area was crushing on him, but was too straight to admit it. Needless to say he did these workout sessions with the yellow sponge just to get a little closer with him. He had no idea that SpongeBob was a very horny sponge. Honestly. No one would know unless you were sexually involved with SpongeBob. Hey Larry, I'm going to change. I'll be right back SpongeBob said Larry didn't bother answering for he was too lazy then something caught his eye SpongeBob serum. I haven't been there for a while. Wonder if it looks the same Larry thought as the lobster entered the room. He was almost almost instantly until dough caught his eye to say he would shift was an understatement. He was full-on quaking he decided to have a look closer look in the closet. He found an assemble of whoops ropes dildos and comes Luke vibrators and much more the redhead quickly caught Just snatching imaginings, but wait SpongeBob. He thought remembering this was his house. Why would SpongeBob have these? SpongeBob was walking out of the bathroom when he saw Larry this room. He quickly - into their already see the lobster found a secret Larry. Uh, this isn't what it looks like. Spongebob cuss cursed himself for stuttering over really Larry said with an amused Stone SpongeBob is squirmed under Larry as he pinned him on the ground Larry. What are you doing? Yeah started getting turned on I Larry and going to fuck you dry. He said with a tone unfamiliar to SpongeBob Larry's hand started to go down too hard on. So, how long is this? Actually Leon? How long is it? Oh, no, you know what? I'll let you finish the first. Where's Han started to go down to his hard-on? And then there was just a knock SpongeBob get out here right now. Someone yelled through the door SpongeBob quickly got out from under Larry and went to open the door only to find Squidward with there with an irritated face. If you're going to be having sex at least close your window Squidward shouted, but do you be honest he just stopped this because he was too in love with SpongeBob. Larry poked his head out from behind the door. Oh Squidward. Why are you here? Larry asked actually questioning the blunt Blue Knights move. And then your goddamn business now, please leaves do I could talk to this idiot here tension between the two. But Larry complied after all Angry after all Angry Squidward was very sexy. Okay, I was chapter 1 of what is it called chapter 1 a SpongeBob fanfic. So now we're going to read some poems. Okay. It's a great cover. Okay, here we go. Here's a series of totally related poems that are very good. There once was a man from Peru who dreamed he was eating his shoe he woke up at night with a terrible fright to find out his dream had come true. Our school trip was a special occasion, but we never reached our destination instead of the zoo. I was locked in the loo of the toilet at the service station. Elderly man called Keith mislaid his set of false teeth. They'd been laid on a chair. He forgot they were there sat down and Was Bitten beneath when I'm old and manky, I'll never use a hanky. I'll we on plants and soil my pants. I'll talk is good him or so. I've been told it's just a compilation of different components and goes on forever. Or so I've been told that they run and play along the streets of gold. Why is heaven such a doggy Delight? Why because there is not a single cat Insight. Oh fuck off. That's not my age. It's just not true. My heart is Young the time just flew I'm staring at the strange old face and someone else is in my place. I am a dog and you are a flower. I lift my leg up and give you a shower. I need my piece of honey. I've done it all my life. It makes the piece. Tastes funny but it keeps them on the knife. She fell into the bathtub. She fell into the sink. She fell into raspberry jam and came out pink roses are red violets are blue. God made me pretty what happened to you. There was a young lady of cat whose nose was most awfully bet. She followed her nose one day I suppose and no one knows which way she went if I were a furry bear and had a furry tell me I climb into a Honey Jar and my tummy. Me there once was a child in Spain who love to play in the rain one day he tripped and broke his hip and now he's in serious pain last night at dinner. We had some fish and though I tried I did not finish. My mother told me while I chewed brains loved fish over all other food. She avoided my eye contact and checked my work in green, but she knew that her body smells were foul and quite obscene. August quite hip except when he takes a dip. He looks like a fool when he jumps in the pool and reminds me of a sinking ship from time to time one needs a rhyme and if you're bright you use this website. Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Okay, fine, okay. This one's an expert from my favorite. Dr. Seuss poem. Yes. I need to find this. Little boy blue jumped over the Choo. He went into the Sun and died. Dr. Seuss when you find yourself at the end of what is that? Oh my God, there's no answer. When you find yourself at the end of the rope tie a knot and hang on but wasn't the one I'm looking for. one second All alone whether you like it or not alone will be something you'll be quite a lot. These things will not bite you they want to have fun then out of the box came thing two and Thing One things start happening. Don't worry don't stew just go like a wrong right along and you'll start happening too. You're off to great places. Today is your day. Your mountain is waiting. So get on your way maybe Christmas. He thought does not come from a store. Maybe Christmas. Perhaps is a little bit more. Don't give up. I believe in you all a person's a person no matter how small. Unless someone like you who cares an awful lot. Nothing unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot. Nothing is going to get better. It is not. Those shitty, dr. Seuss. It was like this dude falling out of like an air balloon. It was like you feel helpless or lost. Was that just another Seuss book with words in it? I mean, honestly, this dude was like writing poems like with nobody else God. I've done some Twisted shit like you already know. Blood loss. Am I right? Sorry for the long periods of time. We just start talking at all. Trying to look for a apparently depressing. Dr. Seuss book. Do you remember what the quote is or will be back in 20 minutes? boys said we have class in like ten minutes my gum just entered a state where it's very very chewy and nice. Okay, 12 days without toothpaste your soap. I practically almost had given up. Hope when someone applies shouted here catch the Rope then I knew that my troubles had come to an end. I climbed up the Rope call. Thank you, my friend. Okay, so Anyways, we're gonna get it and literature sessions. It took it literally took us five minutes to find that know like seven now, sorry. All right, we're done. So that's it guys. That's it. Be 100 reasons why I hate. Birds sounds like a plan. Bye everyone Domingo. If you're listening to this. Yes fucking sexy ass big. Shout out to my man Mingo whatever on Instagram fucking thick ass bitch. Yeah, we'll put it we'll put his Link in. - falling Annoy Us just follow us will give you will give you the hottest guy at school is account. Yeah. Hmm, okay if I can.