Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying Just go back to what you're talking about. I think that was a good discussion. You're saying that you actually I don't remember how you phrase it. How about you start off? Basically just that. Well, you asked me if when I'm fasted like if I haven't eaten anything in the morning do I think about that do I think of it in those terms like? Oh I'm fasted right now, right you because you were saying you didn't eat this morning and I was like does that pop up in your mind is like something that even think about or do you just not even consider it? I consider it from the perspective of meal timing and if I have a specific Fitness goal usually fat loss all fast for a few hours in the morning just for that purpose. But this morning I realized that because I was able to sustain Focus for longer. I was I was less distracted. I had more concentration and after eating a meal and particularly a large meal but really most times that I eat. I'm less focused for some amount of time after the meal. And so yeah, I do notice it. Interesting and you're saying that there's a point where when you're fasted. You have better concentration usually until there's a point of diminishing returns. Like it doesn't go like all right. I'm going too fast for four days. And because by the end of day 4 I will have maximum Focus right right, hunger eventually just kicks in and outweighs whatever cognitive upside. I was deriving right which I'm going to theorize is related to something with carbohydrate intake because with your basically zero carb experience, you know tag along Jobs here and there in some dairy product but really with your carnivore experiment you've had almost exclusively proteins and fats and your physical energy hasn't been great. But your mental energy has been that's been one of the surprising parts of it is like In weightlifting. I've been awful like strength training. Absolutely. Terrible Jiu-Jitsu. My energy has been abominable but in terms of mental focus and Clarity I think is a really good word to use like It's interesting, you know sort of how sometimes people will talk about if they go from eating relatively unhealthy junk food all the time to cleaning up their diet the be like, oh my God, I feel so much better and they're like, I didn't know how bad I felt until I started eating healthier. It's been very interesting for me to be like, oh, I didn't even realize like that. There was a certain amount of almost brain fog. Now this brings up the whole discussion of people. Are you going to keep doing carnivore because you feel so No, I'm definitely not going to keep doing carnivore because I think the mental Clarity is only one subset of many that we have to consider and number one. I think the most important part is it is completely and utterly unsustainable for me. Like that's just like that's the and like you and I have spoken about and we talk about fat loss when you talk about whatever sustainability and consistency are the kings of everything. Hmm, so it doesn't If I mental focus is great if I can't sustain a long term not to mention. I just don't like it. I just don't like it from an injury. I've had in three diarrhea's today. And I'm this is Dane Dane. Nine. Is this day nine Tuesday? Yeah, Dana. Yeah, it's day nine today. I'm still having diarrhea. There's only been two days where I haven't had it and I had three today my butthole just for just going to say it. It's here. It's burning in this moment. That's not comfortable. I'm sorry. It is. So unenjoyable. Yeah walking walking to your spot terrible. Just walking around the apartment. What are some of the other factors move away from the from the bowel movement? You just it's just so graphic. I just like really wanna I want to make it very clear but it wasn't clear enough the the physical performance which I think one of the the main critiques that will come out of it is people being like well, you know, you only did it for 14 days. Now, here's the interesting part and I was thinking about this you always have your best ideas in the shower. At least I do. Yeah I was thinking about how can I start the video? It's the best way to start the final YouTube video and I was thinking for whatever reason the idea came to me. Really coming up like right up close to the camera being like here's the deal. If you're a carnivore person and I say I don't like this diet then at the end of the video. You're going to leave a stupid comment being like yeah. Well, you only did it for 14 days and I was like, but if you're Moore, if you're not a carnivore person and that the end of the video I say, you know, I actually really like this diet. You're going to be like, oh, you know what you'll need it for 14 days. Try doing it for a long time. It's like listen. I understand. This is only a 14-day experiment relax. I'm just giving you my experience with It and that comes with its own limitations, but take it for what it is. So I understand that in order to reach the level of higher performance with this type of diet. You have to take the time to become fat adapted like that's obvious. Like we're very well aware of that that being said carbs over ketones a hundred percent carved it. We need to make that t-shirt. Absolutely and even then if you look into the research, especially When you get into higher level performance hike higher carbohydrate diets outperform higher fat diets lower carb every time I just they do and it's consistent and the research over and over and over again. So I mean, yeah, I overall I think the coolest part about this has been the mental Clarity mental focus. And another interesting thing to me was your reduced caffeine intake. Yeah. Yeah. I've only been having about one cup of coffee a day some there are some days when I land. Half a cup I was actually it's interesting. So technically on Carnivore you're not supposed to have coffee because coffee beans are technically a plant and you are not allowed to any plants in this diet. So I think that's interesting but more durable was your fearless leader. He said if you want coffee, you can have some he recommended I don't have it. But the reason I did continue to drink it is because I didn't want there to be negative side effects of not having coffee in. Her mangled what with the carnivore and I didn't wouldn't be able to tell which one was which so I solely made sure that I only switch that one variable which was my nutrition everything else to State exactly the same smart. But yeah, then the other thing and I think I'll probably talk about this in a video or something is the reduce sugar Cravings which has been actually tremendous. I will say the first thing I'm going to have when I'm done with this is a big watermelon. Like I just I just want fruit. I just really want fruit, but the Desire to just snack the desire to just pick on random things, whatever even when they're right in front of me in my apartment. It's not even there my I've been so full throughout this whole thing. It's been very difficult for me to I want there's so many possible factors that could be causing reduced craving liking reduce psychological craving as a result of knowing you knowing for 14 days. It's just completely off-limits in you you have boxed that. Else mentally physiologically, you just haven't really consumed carbohydrates or basically any sugar for days and and how quickly whatever kind of hunger cues result from that hmm ain't the massively high fat and protein intake. Oh and that's the other thing is just yeah, you're satiated from the number of calories and specifically fat and protein you're eating and I think think really the for me the point of experiments like this for like listen, what can we take from this that will then actually help people and the number one thing is for me, especially from the mitigating snacking reducing sugar Cravings is okay, make sure that you're eating a ton of protein as often as you can and for me, it's almost like if you have a grilled chicken breast, you're not going to be craving something sweet right after it and so from this has been an interesting mindset for me as Coach be like cool. So how can I improve my guideline to improve my coaching to help people who say well, how can I deal with sugar cravings and the same way? I've always been like listen if you're struggling with binge eating cool binge, but just wait 20 minutes and oftentimes that will mitigate the desire then need to binge. So if you're having a sugar craving cool in 20 minutes, if you want sugar go for it, but first have Greek yogurt first have cotton sheets. First have chicken first have what every protein shake whatever it is if you still want to have sugar after that great, but Have protein first that really I think that could help a lot. Yeah, I mean I'm going on like 24 years of eating protein first and every single meal career not actually but it is just a good strategy for one getting enough protein in the day. We will struggle to get enough protein. If you start every meal with the protein entree, yeah that's going to help and it's going to help blend hunger. It's harder to over eat chicken breasts than it is to overeat way harder any other And it doesn't go to the extreme of saying don't have it because as soon as you tell someone not to have it, they're like screw you and it allows them to it's essentially the cotton the the concept of adding rather than subtracting read. Like we're going to remove this remove this remove. This is like no you can still have that but we're just going to add this and through that it's sort of like instead of a saying well don't need this for me this cool. I have a big salad every day. Yeah to add that. That and just through doing that you end up eating less instead of constantly focusing on losing those last 10 pounds focus on getting stronger. Exactly. Yeah, it's funny. I posted a this patch on my chin the hairless patch it finally started to grow back a little bit of hair recently. Oh, yeah, and I posted on my Instagram and all the carnivore people were like it's because carnivore it's because corn all the anti carnivore know all the people who are pro carnivore. Really? Yeah. Like it helps with the autoimmune issues. And actually I think there is I stirred around that the fact that because this is an autoimmune issue. Okay. It's I believe it's called alopecia areata or something and there were like people go on Carnivore to help with their autoimmune issues and they're like, that's why and it was so interesting to see how quickly they came up being like. That's why that's why and I have no idea. Maybe they're right. They couldn't be it'll be interesting to see what happens in the month after you come off of it that I'm there and that's I'm excited to see because I'm going to document the week after as well and if the hair goes away or whatever it is, it'll be actually very interesting to see what happens here because all the hair is white, but it's the first time there's actually a hair there and I was speaking my dermatologist. She was like The hair will come back. It might come back hairless or colorless at first, but after that old it will pigment again. It will retake its normal form interesting. Yeah, it's very interesting. We'll see the cognitive focus is still the biggest like the thing. I'm most fascinated by because anytime I you know, I haven't done full carnivore. But anytime I fasted or the couple times. I've done ketogenic experiments my Need for caffeine is down. And my ability to focus is up. Oh, I didn't know that. I didn't know that. Hmm. That's super interesting. Yeah mental Clarity is the best way to put it that has never outweighed my desire for an enjoyment of carbohydrates as well as the positive effect. They have on my training and like happiness, but I can definitely see myself adopting some kind of similar diet at some point and this is coming from someone who like yesterday I had 525 grams of carbs. Where did those come from yesterday wasn't the best? I had had a lot of Wheat Thins before bed. Those are so good because they were just in the cupboard here. I haven't had those in a years. They're so good. They're delicious oatmeal. I think I had two bananas yesterday. I don't remember exactly a long as I've been tracking recently didn't have any ice cream yesterday add some white rice. I actually got mango and blackberries from the like hot bar and fruit area. Yeah. Yeah. Stuff so it could have been better could have been worse but coming from someone who am trying to get over 500 grams of carbs per day right now, which is related to my muscle building goals, which is something we're going to talk about in this podcast. I can see myself intentionally having periods where I go, very low carb for the mental upside part of me wonders. Obviously you wouldn't be in ketosis. If you're doing this on a day-to-day basis, but part of me wonders if there would be any benefit to essentially most of your morning early afternoon being zero carb high fat high protein and then saving your carbs for night right before you go to bed if you wanted to include carbs and see if you get the cognitive benefits of that type of a diet earlier in the day. I don't know if that would work. I don't know if you have to be in ketosis in order to This happen or if it's more of like an acute, you don't have any cards in your system. You don't have any blood shirt not very little blood sugar elevations. So is that why you have the cognitive benefits? I don't know. Yeah. Tested find out we'll see should we talk and make a given to video? I only ate carbs after 6 p.m. For 30 days. Here's what happened part of I Love It I would click on it part of and I think a lot of trainers will be able to relate to this part of my concern is this type of lesson is so far down on the important stuff pyramid that even I'm hesitant to even voice. My interest in going to very low to no carbs because I know that a handful of coaching clients of mine if they caught wind of that would want to go zero car and I do not want those individuals going to your old car. Yeah for psychological and physical reasons. Yeah. I think I very much understand that when I did the Big Mac challenge, I got a fair few clients being like I want to do this with you and I was like, absolutely not What is wrong? It's like no way and that's why you can see like I still have the stories up on my highlights on Instagram several days after I started ahead to be like do not do this with me. Do not try this. This is purely made and so it's funny how people sort of tag along and want to try and do it with you, but I still think it's funny. I was actually going over my YouTube channel with Rico this morning and we're looking at what videos we want to do next and I want to I actually want to get away from doing weight loss stuff because we've done so many Weight Loss things. But the point is we've covered all of the questions that you could ask about weight loss. They're all there. Hmm. So it's like what next how do we continue to make new content that is educational and providing people with high quality information is going to help improve their their them on their journey to whatever it is. Their goals are without repeating myself over and over again and without just doing The same message over and over again. So I like these challenges from that perspective because it it adds a new component to education and to content creation that also makes it fun for me and ideally fun for them. But definitely I mean that type of thing is so low on the totem pole of like what people need to know for sure. Yeah. Sock muscle building. Let's do it. We got a whole pyramid we get the we did we got a great response to the the programming for fat loss episode. So we wanted to do a programming for muscle gain episode. So we made a whole big pyramid. This is probably going to be a longer discussion than the fat loss programming depending on depending on how long this goes. We might make it a two-parter, but we're really excited about this. And if you enjoyed the Fat Loss Program episode you think you're going to like this. If you have please leave a five star review, they've been helping a lot and seriously, we really appreciate it and all the comments you've been leaving as well have been really amazing and it makes doing this podcast so worth it. So thank you absolutely. So at the base of the muscle building pyramid we have training consistency. Do you want to start on this one? You know, I feel like we beat the consistency drum so hard. I feel like this is we don't even have to spend too much time on this part. But when you and I were making this pyramid yesterday we were going over and Mike and I spent about probably 45 minutes to an hour coming up with this pyramid going back and forth on what was more important was less important. What is the equal importance and The one thing that we always always always agree on and we agree a bit on basically everything but the one thing that I think all coaches tend to agree on all good coaches is the consistency aspect where you can have the most amazing workout program ever written, but if you're not consistent, you're not going to see results you can have the most intense workouts ever. You're going to lift a lot of weight you can go super hard, but if you're not consistent, You're not getting any results your volume could be perfect. But whatever it is, you get to the best technique all this stuff, but the consistency rules at all, which is why I think when coaches waste their time time arguing against other coaches online about was the optimal program periodization model. It's like, what are you doing? The vat and the base of this pyramid really outlines why so much of our content is based around getting people consistent because most people just aren't that they're not hitting the base. I'll never forget when I when I pulled my YouTube and realize that over 50% of the people watching my videos weren't working out or doing any really work out. Yeah. Wow. How did you pull them? I don't remember if I if I asked to leave. Comments and I'm on a video below or you like actual link. Yeah, I SurveyMonkey. It was at least three or four years ago. I might have done a Survey Monkey. But but I work really well I've done those. Yeah, but getting people on something that they will consistently do is it's just necessary, right? If you can have the absolute best most optimized program that the best coaches in the world agree on and do it for a month. And if you hate it take the net take months to and three off so you only worked out one out of three months compared to a mediocre even like somewhat bottom of the barrel training program that you do for three consecutive months all else equal. You're going to build more muscle on the letter and for me personally, I'll never forget this workout that I did in at Gold's Gym Venice where I should have been like, you know, like psychologically amped up to the I love training there. This is maybe five years ago with Vince Del Monte's younger brother. Mikey was a really good videographer Canadian really good dude. He was doing a program that was it had to have been 40 to 50 sets per muscle group per week. So the workout we were doing was I think it took over two hours and they were all super sets and try sets without rest. It wasn't full body. Like it was a split. So I think we hit the entire upper body in this workout. I didn't even make it through the whole workout because I was so dead. I hated it so much. Like I hadn't even done half of the biceps work and I love currently like I can curl forever and and my biceps were so done upper traps were completely engaged constantly. My neck was starting to cramp up on me. I just I didn't enjoy it so that could I mean that's Too much volume, which is something that we're going to get to later in the podcast, but regardless of how perfect quote unquote that programming was I wasn't going to do a second work out of it and that just goes to show that doing something because some people love high volume and great for those people being on the higher end of the spectrum for volume is awesome. But if you're not going to do it consistently you can't build muscle. I love that. I love the the message. the takeaway from that which is What we all know in terms of you have to find something that you enjoy but I think a lot of coaches will ask their clients. Well, what do you like but a lot of times they don't know what they like they have no idea. So well, what kind of program you like? What kind of exercise do you like? Do you want higher volume low volume like what and they're like, I don't know and I think one of the best things that coach can do is give your clients different styles of programming and gauge their what they're enjoying most and also, Track their consistency. If you give them a basic strength program that is lower volume higher intensity lower frequency and heavier lifting and they all of a sudden start reducing their consistency. They're not liking it as much maybe they're not checking in as often as they should but then you give them a program. That's maybe a higher frequency a little bit higher volume lower intensity and they're checking in more. They're super excited. They're sending you videos. Now your job as a coach is to gauge that and be like, oh, this is something they enjoy. Enjoy more. Hmm. Maybe they like like feeling like they're working a little bit harder. They like feeling the muscles burn a little bit more if they like working individual muscle groups are certain muscle groups. Make sure you put them in a little bit more frequently. Even if it's not optimal whatever keeps them consistent as significantly more important. Yeah, that's an amazing point and you can ask your client if because oftentimes a client will say I love this phase say, that's great. I'm so happy. What do you like about him? What are a couple things you really enjoy? Make a note and put use that information in your future programming whether you're catering to their wants in every training phase or not. Knowing that will let you put something together that is going to increase your clients consistency hundred percent. What do we got next on the pyramid intensity? You want to take this one first? I'll start on this one. So what we mean by training intensity is the number the how close Individual is to failure on a given working set and this is so important and we ranked it so high partly because one of the reasons that many individuals trained consistently for long periods of time and don't see much progress, maybe maybe in their first six months or first year. They got stronger and they started to see certain muscles develop but then after maybe the one year mark, they started plateauing and they really haven't seen much difference in their body in the three or four years since despite consistently working out it's usually because that person is not trying to increase the amount of weight they are using and is Too far away from failure or another way to put that is using too low a percent of their one rep max in most exercises that they're doing. I think the part that you said that really needs to be emphasized here is this is not for people who are beginners you're talking about people who have already been Lifting for a considerable period of time they've already taken advantage of the new be gained. And then they aren't seeing the results that they should that they would expect to see in. No way shape or form. Are we recommending you take someone on day one of their workout experience? Maybe they have 50 pounds to lose or whatever it is. And you're all right. We're going for a 1rm here like that stupid. That's not what we're saying beginners can get stronger with as little as 40 percent 1rm, and there's also we have to make the distinction between strength and muscle gain, which are two different things. They're intertwined, but they're different. When you're working with beginners, they'll get stronger and build muscle if they're in a calorie deficit if they're not eating enough protein as long as they're just lifting weight. It's not optimal, but they will just because they're making those adaptations as you reach a higher level trainee. Then you have to make sure your training intensity is high. Your consistency is deficient. Your protein is enough you want it we'll talk about nutrition in this as well. But as you get to be more advanced if you're not LIF your Not consistently getting to a point where your muscles are Contracting at the highest possible intensity your leave. You're not going to get the best results and that doesn't mean Contracting at the expense of technique and we'll discuss that later. That's further up the of the pyramid but one of the reasons that we put intensity here is because you could have you could have really high intensity but if your Technique Is off then it's not going to get the best results. You could have very you can have perfect technique. But if your intensity is too low, you're not going to get the best results intensity is the constant here where if you're not hitting a high enough intensity, then you're going to be not getting the best results that you could be getting for yourself or for your clients. Yep. That's exactly right. I don't even know how much more necessarily we need to say here obviously varying. Overtime is important and the the point you drove home, which is beginners will build muscle on Lower intensity. So we're not suggesting that every set needs to be one rep shy of complete and total total failure for beginner. But once you're beyond that point, you need to be within five reps and and I say 1 to 4 on working sets to build muscle hard. It sets quote-unquote. So I worked with Paul Carter for the better part of the last year and I look at him as a very as basically one of the leading experts in muscle growth and I hired him because I wanted to learn a lot from him and he's spoken and taught me a lot about why you'd want to go to such high intensity the benefits of it and many many ways outside of the physiological benefits and like just physiologically getting better results from high. See training and really like outside of that number one is you don't have to do you don't have to focus on getting as much volume when your intensity is very very high. So you don't have to do four five six sets of something you can do 2 to 3 sets and be done sometimes Paul has been doing this one set. Like I'll work up to one top set of as high intensity as I can and done. Psychologically, this is super helpful from the perspective of if you have if you see six sets of squats in front of you if you see five sets of rows, whatever it is, you just get drained immediately and immediately you'll start to conserve your energy to not go all out knowing you have so much and when you do that you immediately drop the level of intensity that you bring to each set. So oftentimes you're never reaching your maximum level of intensity then when you look at how Total reps you are at your maximum level intensity over the course of the five six sense. It actually might be less than the total number of reps. You're at your maximum intensity. If you just did one or two sets, which is a super important point that I hadn't considered until Paul spoke to me about it was like if you do two sets at your maximum intensity for 12 reps oftentimes those like last four five six reps. That's where you're really hitting your maximum intensity. That's where it's like the most important. But if you're doing five sets of 10 or whatever it is, you might get so fatigued and you might just be trying to conserve so much energy that you the total might be four or five reps at that. Whereas if you did two sets you'd have about 10 to 12 reps at that high intensity. And so that's where you really don't need to start looking at the global picture of your programming and thinking like what's the point of programming five sets? If they're never going to reach a point in those five sets of where they're really giving it their all yeah and that plays into consistency. Hmm because if I see the five by five or six by six To start the workout. I am so much less. I mean unless I'm in a certain mood or certain that period of my life where I'm really amped up for that. But normally I'm just much less excited about that. And so Tapering volume down a bit so that you can have maximum intensity in that workout is going to help with adherence and then obviously even at a high level of intensity. There's going to be a certain amount of muscle that you can build on X volume and over time that volume is going to have to increase to continue to make more muscle gain for an individual. Mmm, I think One of the aspects of of why intensity is so important in terms of how much weight you're lifting. How have your living we spoke about this yesterday is that If you're looking from a progressive overload perspective getting stronger adding more weight over time your volume will increase simply by lifting more weight. Mmm your volume and I just want to say it again because it's super important. A lot of people argue over the volume or intensity debate your volume will go up if you're lifting more weight period correct. Your intensity will not necessarily go up by doing more volume. And a lot of people and you spoke about that yesterday if you want to like go off on like how how the examples of how that might work. Remember they were talking about that. No, you're talking about like the example of doing like I think you'd said like three sets of ten verses like X is equal volume over different types of set rep schemes, but the weight changes remember that I got it. I got it. I got it. So the the technical definition of volume is weight lifted time sets times reps and What we were saying is that you increase your total volume by adding weight to the bar. So if you're doing three by eight of a barbell back squat its intensity by adding weight to the bar both. Yes, correct. Yes. So if if you when you add five pounds week over week you are increasing intensity. Yep, and you are also increasing volume, correct? Whereas you can increase volume by Hitting three by hitting five sets of 40 reps per set of a lateral raise or even like a leg press or certain cable machines. And this is one reason why you can simplify volume as number of hard sets which makes it an easier way to calculate. Yeah, but you can play with volume by choosing certain exercises and completing or programming certain rep schemes. That actually does Increase muscle gain progress doesn't increase the quality of the work you're doing and and it might look better on paper. If you're just trying to improve volume, but it isn't leading to tangible better results as you're saying that I was thinking what's like a good example of how volume can sort of be misleading and I feel like we all know that someone's if you just look at someone's body weight. You don't know much about them. But if you look at their body fat percentage, you will get a much better picture of that individual volume. Just total volume doesn't tell you very much. But when you look at volume from the perspective of high-quality volume of volume where you actually were working your muscles at the higher the highest level of intensity. Now, you're starting to get a better picture of that work out how effective that workout might have been and how effective it will be over the long term. That's exactly right. Anything else on intensity do we want to have any guidelines? Are we going to talk about sets and Reps in this one? I feel we're going to have to make this a two-parter. I think we are too. I think that will probably go in the next session rep recommendations got it. So and those will tie into intensity and volume and how you should structure sets and Reps for muscle gain. We're going to go more in detail on that. It's already over 30 minutes and we know this is going to be we want it. We don't want to skimp on anything. So we're Make this a two-part episode. So for now for intensity, I think we're good. Is there anything you want to add to that important clarifications? Because I guess we'll clarify as we go up the pyramid right because next one is technique right? Correct? Yeah, and I actually for a second made half an argument that technique should have been at the bottom of the pyramid below consistency. And then I was until Jordan pointed out that he's seen many. Big dudes bad technique in which I had to concede my my hopeful aspirational argument. It was it was a good argument we could talk about why right like why might we have because I was on board for a second before I thought about all the massive dudes. I've seen a terrible technique. So why might technique why is technique so important aside from the blowing your back at it blowing your spine ideas? That's my that's my number one reason by far there are Reasons that one is is by far the first because good technique is the best thing you can do to prevent injury. Mmm. And if you are injured you can't consistently train was was my thought process. Yep. The other benefit of technique is proper technique with a full range of motion. Yes going to increase muscle fiber recruitment. Yes, which is going to lead to not just a little bit more muscle gain, but if two individuals completed the exact same program in one literally completed the top half of the range of motion every single move they did. Yeah, and the other person did a full repetition on every single move for 12 phases for an entire year. I'm just pulling a number out here. But I would say the person who completes full reps will gain three to four times as much muscle. I have zero basis to corroborate that but I would agree that definitively they'll get better results and they'll get injured less. It'll be more a more consistent. They'll have better in assuming neither of them get injured but they consistently trained guarantee to get better results and that the research showing that is obvious the total much the muscle fiber recruitment. Much actual muscle they're actually using it's going to be way more beneficial over the long term interestingly though. And here's why I was so intent on talking about muscle fiber recruitment. Is it because if you tell a client hey, I want you to really lower the weight and use better technique because you could hurt yourself. I found they're far less likely to do it. Whereas if you say hey if you lower the weight and use better technique, you're actually going to get better results because you're using more muscle. The fibers you're going to get more muscle involvement and that will lead to bigger stronger muscles. That's when they'll actually do it not because they're afraid of getting injured but because oh I'll get better results. If I do this which to me is funny. It is has it's good to know to for coaches to frame it for the exact see better adherence to it. It's so interesting to me people generally speaking tend to not be as worried about getting injured as they are about not getting ideal results where and but The unfortunate part is most people will end up getting injured because they're not using good technique and that will end up being the reason why they're not getting good results and they think that there's wolves programming thing or it's an exercise selection thing. It's like no. No, it's like you're training like an idiot and you're using too much weight. Your Technique is off. What are your training too? Much frequency is too high. Your duration is too high your volume is too high because they're doing stupid stuff rather than toning it down a little bit so they can be more consistent and us bringing. In this back to consistency over and over and over again is very deliberate and on purpose because again, you can have the perfect program the perfect volume that perfect intensity perfect exercise selection perfect technique, but if you're not consistent for whatever reason whether it's injury whether it's you're just not doing it for whatever reason if you're not consistent, it's not going to work. So always finding a way to help your clients be more consistent will be the number one factor in getting them success. So by all means let them know they're more likely to injure themselves, but even From more importantly in my experience tell them they'll get better results because of more muscle muscle recruitment by getting a full technique in with lighter weight. That's smart. Yeah. Gary responded well to that. Yeah, Gary always respond well to that type of so it's interesting how like things that he responds well to in terms of like even something as simple as getting more protein in like he responded very well to the this is going to help you build more muscle rather than like this. This is going to keep you more full type of yeah, this is going to keep you more full. I'll be fine because in his mind, it's the same as not getting hurt. Right? No. No, I'll be fine. Yep, but if you put it in the context of you're going to see greater progress as a result of this. Yes, he'll do it. Absolutely. Yeah, that's really funny anything else on technique. I mean, I know it sounds self-explanatory. I'm wondering if there's maybe just there are other this is obvious for most of us, but there are other aspects of technique. I know I touched on range of motion but proper time under tension right controlling The Eccentric and not bouncing the bar off of your chest technique specific queuing is going to be different for every single exercise. So that's obviously Ali something that we will cover over the duration of the podcast if you're interested in hearing about that and definitely let us know but it's not something will drill down on today, you know, it might be worth talking about is how to correct your clients technique properly in a in a good way so they don't get upset. Mmm. And the reason I say this I don't think I've told the story on this podcast I might and tell me if I have I had a client. His coaching client years ago years and years and years ago before I even really started charging for doing that stuff and he had just started doing online coaching and I'll never forget you told me I'm super excited. I got a new one like coaching client amazing all the stuff. I was like, oh dude, that's awesome and within a couple days, he was like dude you just canceled on me. I don't know where I don't know what happened and I was like well walk me through the interactions in the process of what happened and we'll figure out where he might have gone wrong. And he's like, all right. Well, so we gave him the whole program you super excited about it and I told him to send me videos. He was like, okay cool. This is great. He sent me videos and this guy sent sent him videos him bench pressing and I've never heard the start. I've never told you this story. Oh man. He sent he sent this his coach my client videos of him bench pressing and and he's like I corrected his technique and then you cancel. And I was like send me the emails that you sent me and I look at the emails and it was so funny because it was so for me. It was just common sense the way to approach this but I think some people they just don't even think about it. When I read the emails that he wrote to his client about his technique he sent the videos and he just goes right into me and I say all right, we got a lot of work to do and so he started it out. He was like your range of motion is way too short. He's like and he's going on a list of all of the things that this guy is doing wrong and he says send me another video and that was it. He didn't say anything positive about it. He didn't say anything like this is normal. There was no there was no Any type of comforting at all? Mmm and this obviously differs on your clients and who you're working with and your personality is a coach but that being said for the vast majority of people especially with a brand new client, especially with someone who doesn't know you especially with someone who this is a new experience for them. I like to number one. You should always try and find your find a way to compliment someone genuinely and before you say this because I know what you're going to say and I Of it one helpful thing to think about when writing this email is pretend you're telling this person this what you're saying to their face. Yes pretend it's in an actual conversation. The reason I love that you said that is because it goes back to what we said in the episode where we spoke about what what certifications to get as a personal trainer which by the way if you haven't listened to that, I think it's the first or second one or stuff is definitely go listen to that. It was one of the most well-received ones so far one of the things we spoke. About is the importance of coaching in person. And if you just go from coaching nobody in person to coaching online, you are at a serious disadvantage coaching people in person will teach you how to be a better Coach online. It does not work the other way around so like you're saying think about being in person with them what you would say to their face what you'd say to an in-person client and you would never just have a client that you that's brand-new walks in your gym first one-on-one session me, like wow, we got a lot of work to do so you just want it to end. One in any facet of life let alone in a relationship where you're the authority and and they're a new and almost certainly nervous about what they're doing. The only time that I would do something like that is with a very close friend who knows I'm joking around and even though I'm serious, it's they know that I have good intent and that is how are we interact? I wouldn't do that with all of my friends only if I do that to you. Sure. Yeah, like but not to a brand new client. And so what Mike knows I'm going to say is is the compliment sandwich. He's not a he's like, yeah, I've heard this one before the compliment sandwich is and I'm sure many of you listening know this but just in case you don't especially when someone sends you technique videos and they there hey, here's my squat here is my bench. Here's my push up. Here's my chin up. Number one before we get to the compound sandwich is you don't correct all of the issues in Email that is a very stupid way to go about it in the same way. If you're doing it in person. You don't cry. Oh, wow this in your traps and this and that so you do one thing I think that's a great point and you're going over a little quickly because I think a lot of coaches will might just compliment sandwich may feel that was a great point, but you're going over look he didn't say but there's just good. I think I think I truly think a lot of coaches will feel like they are doing their client a disgruntled. This service and Jordan and I are on the same page with this but say someone is dead lifting back is just rounded like I've everything wrong with it that could be wrong with it. Like if someone walked into the gym you'd be like, I hope they're not looking at this right now. I think a lot of coaches would feel like by leaving certain parts of the exercise uncorrected. They might not be doing their job as a coach, but that's incorrect. Because you can finish it. I'm sorry point. I'm not I don't want to steal it. I just wanted to drive home like this is important. I think you should I agree with you. It's going well first. It's going to be very discouraging for someone even if you compliment sandwich them you find one thing that you genuinely believe is good about it and compliment and then you list nine things that need to be changed and then throw and you know pretty good control decentralized. come most of the Reps, but you're overwhelming the person you're it's too much to change too much in a single interaction. Like they can't go back and apply all that. So instead of taking one or two things that they can actually take that Q take that piece of advice and make the change and send you a video back. It's zero because putting all nine into play isn't going to happen. I mean the way that I would explain it is imagine if you're listening to this podcast and you want to build your Fitness business. And maybe you're just starting out or you're at the beginning. You don't really know where to go and and Mike and I were just like art listen to here's what you need to do. First. You get an email list. You need to email that list four times a week. At least you need to post on Instagram three times a day you to post on YouTube one time. We can you make your own podcast podcast to that one time a week and all of a sudden we say all these things which yes over time you should be doing but that might take a long time. Whereas instead what Mike and I say is be very consistent focus on one social media platform at a time like learn over the Over the process of time you'll learn you'll figure it out. Is it optimal to only post on one platform at a time and only like one time a day? No, I'm probably not probably not optimal. But we also know you have a lot of other stuff going on your coaching other people you're trying to build your business. You have a family you have other things going on. So if we overloaded you with unrealistic expectations, you'd be able screw this I'm just not going to do it same thing with your clients when they're doing technique, especially in a gym with people that they don't know. They don't feel comfortable around they're already self-conscious. They don't feel like they should be there. They're nervous about getting Injured if you're if you're correcting them and you're giving them 27 different things. All right, so you want to bring your feet a little bit closer together. You want to get your hands a little wider apart. You want to make sure your chest is up back is flat hips up a little bit higher Squeeze In Breathe base your belly good aren't perfect. And then you do it again. They're like, alright, that was awful and you try it again. Like oh my god what the hell just happened. So if you list all the things and you need to do in one to fix all their technique, you're screwing them over you're actually going to make it not only longer for them to fix their technique, but likely they'll quit So going to the compliment sandwich actually in before we even discussed that I said earlier might compliment sandwich me what she did half the sandwich. He complimented me then said what I had to fix then there was no further comment at the end. But one thing that is open-faced below. It was a carnival. Let us wrap on top. I said something I just soon as I said, I was like, oh we need to talk about that. Mike did not say the word but I said the word but I was like, Mike said, oh, that was great. But that's he or she didn't say but which was good if you say but and keep in mind this goes for every conversation you have in your life. Not just for clients when you give someone a compliment and then you say but afterwards doesn't everything was just erased everything there. If you're going to give someone a compliment followed up with and or just followed up with whatever you have to say without saying the word but or although are on the other hand because any time you have one of these words, whatever. Came before it doesn't count. Yep. It is. It's kind of like small talk before asking for a favor. Why did you just waste my time for two and a half minutes? Hey, how are you doing? Yeah. Yeah, how's it work? Good good. Yeah, and you think you could share my article on your page? It's it's obnoxious. So so for the compliment sandwich number one in terms of giving a good compliment sandwich and a good compliment sandwich is one. That's actually Even this is an and a lot of people I will what if their technique just sucked. What if their technique was awful you can find something good about it. You can either find something good about the technique or just say start off by saying awesome. Thank you so much for sending me these technique videos a lot of clients and maybe even most don't even do that. So I really appreciate you sending me these I can already tell we're off to a good start. Boom. Yeah complement and that's a genuine one because most clients don't do that. So cool. Then you go through or if something is going to the technique. It's like awesome. I love how you got up to the bar your setup was perfect. Now what I want you to pay attention to and notice I didn't say but now what I want you to pay attention to is how when you're doing the chin-ups. Your shoulders are coming up towards your ears. We're going to want to fix that not a big deal. We want to make sure you keep your shoulders down and away from your ears as much as possible try and keep your shoulders in your back pocket throughout the entire movement. Boom. That's it. And then at the end be like you're doing awesome. I'm so stoked that you're already doing this. You're the email interactions are great. Let me know if I can help boom. Mmm. That's the compliment sandwich and when you Follow that net by the time the the client gets done reading the email they should feel more confident not less confident and when you're editing your email and reviewing it, which you should you don't just write it and then send it off without looking over think okay, if I was getting an email about my technique or about my Fitness business and someone just said all the things that I suck at would I be feeling good or what? Are you feeling bad versus if someone said one thing I need to improve and two things. I'm doing really well. I'm doing I'm feeling pretty Any good about myself so really really focus on that and again, this isn't really if we think about it going all back to consistency because if you send an email or you tell a client that like all the things they suck at they're not going to be consistent. They're gonna literally the guy canceled his payment and didn't coach him with him anymore. That was that's a great story quintessence of he's not gonna be consistent. He's gonna stop going to the gym or and definitely not work with you anymore and this happens. So when you're working on technique, yes, tell them it's going to be better. So they don't injure themselves. Tell them it's going to be It gets more better muscle fiber recruitment. So better results over the long term, but very very very very much focused on how you communicate as a coach and make sure that when you're done correcting them they feel more confident in themselves not less confident. That's exactly right. The last point that I think when there's almost nothing good technically about a form video the example Jordan gave for the compliments are good go Go to like when you feel like there really isn't a lot. You can say positively about it. Those are good examples when there is something good about their form that you want to reinforce so that they continue to do that. Those are good compliments to give those are good types of compliments to give intensity funny enough something we spoke about is one that often use meaning if someone's form breaks down because they were s of in the weight they selected and they were really trying hard they're bringing a lot of intensity to the set I'll compliment that because I don't want my form correction to lead to them swinging too far in the other direction so this is amazing you're really working hard I love that that is what it's going to lead to amazing progress over time keep it up one thing to pay attention to though that one thing that I was literally in my head just thinking like the one thing it makes it so much more more easy to overcome yeah the one thing that I want you to work on is this rather make our we got four things to work on the one thing it's sort of like when you want your client to you just want someone to do more walking you say all right so I want you to do an extra like 20 minutes of walking versus I just want you to walk around your local high school perimeter one time it's a very different thing for them to overcome one time a walk around High School versus 20 minutes it might actually take them longer to walk around the high school perimeter but because it's only one time it seems easier to overcome Something else to consider and and this just sort of popped into my mind when I've been working with clients who are somewhat more dance. They don't have to be very Advanced to intermediate or there are super passionate about this out. They love it. They love learning about it. One of the things I've done that has both made my job easier and also increased their increased the in their enjoyment of the program, but also made my job. Easier from the perspective of I didn't have to tell them they're doing something wrong is I would ask them when they sent me a video I'd say do me a favor. Tell me one thing. You think you can improve from your Technique then I'll tell you what, I think the reason I like that and I wouldn't do this with a complete beginner who's nervous because they don't know I'm there to tell them and give them support and be the stability for them so they don't have to think about it, but for someone who maybe is a little bit intermediate to Advanced they might have a little bit of an ego surrounding their technique, especially if they're new the what I'm thinking about in my mind a squat technique I see this all the time and it's super important you get side view of squat technique so you can really see their depth if I have a relatively intermediate to Advanced lifter who comes in they're relatively strong and they love this stuff they might have a little bit of an ego around what they're doing I don't want to be like Hey listen this is great your Technique is awesome your squat depth is a little bit short so I'd like you to go deeper let's remove some weight and go deeper a lot of times we don't really give me defense any labor really because I've had coaches before and they said it was great and like my immediate response would be like are so go work with those coaches so I have to remove that from the from the possibility of discussion so I say hey looking at the side view specifically what do you think one thing might be to improve and then nine times out of ten eight and a half nine times out of ten that person will come back and be like honestly like I feel like my depth is a little bit short I could probably go deeper I'd be like honestly I think that's probably a really good assessment how we just take off 10 15 pounds and see how your death looks then I do the same thing how do you think your death looks This Time Boom then like if they need to take more out more more weight off great if not then fantastic that's a really really good way just to sort of decrease the friction and get them to make the change that they really know they should be making without you having to be like hey you're not going deep enough yeah that's that's an excellent tactic hmm it also increases the emotional buying and excitement on their end and probably likelihood that they continue to put that practice into play in the future is that it feels like the idea Came From Within yeah I got to be honest man like one of my favorite Parts about doing this podcast has been these coaching tactics like that you know we see all these other people with coaching programs to build your Fitness business but they've never actually coached anybody online I don't I mean let's be honest anyone make this pyramid of building muscle and we're super excited about it but just because you know the pyramid building muscle doesn't mean know how to get someone actually be consistent with it and develop a good relationship with the client I love these conversations of client communication because I would be shocked if anybody in the world has had as much client communication as you and I you just can't fake this conversation because it comes as a result of hundreds /hello thousands of interactions with clients online a hundred and online fitness coaching has only been around so long and we both did it consistently for most of that time period yeah yeah I agree I'm having fun too I like it's great to talk about what intensity means and why consistency is important but having these as these discussions around client communication specifically and how to structure client communication to increase consistency to improve their intensity to decrease the risk of getting injured that's I'm really loving like that's probably the least expected Part of this that I'm enjoying the most good. I'm glad yeah, man. Do we want to make a part two to want to stop here? Keep going I think so. We are almost an hour in and we have 1 2 3 4 like six to seven more things to cover and some of them will be shorter and kind of group together, but I think that will make for a really good part 2 of this podcast perfect. So in this podcast you covered the base, which Was consistency followed going up to intensity followed up by technique and that's where we just cut it off. I was perfect. I think that the strong the strong base that's like the power base of building muscle. Then we're going to go up we'll discuss things like volume will discuss that's not good. We will give a teaser but not in any particular order. Oh, I like that. So in no specific order. This is what we'll talk about next week exercise selection volume rest and Recovery. training frequency rep range nutrition and rest time I like that I like that so what might be fun for you is to make your own pyramid and you know consistency intensity and technique are the bottom three in that order consistency intensity technique try and figure out where you would arrange the orders of importance and then listen to the podcast next week and see how you did compared to us and see if Either you like yours better you like ours better and we'll go from there. Awesome. Thank you for listening. If you enjoyed this episode, we would really appreciate it. If you left a five star review or one star if you hated the episode, we also really appreciate the feedback the compliments feel good obviously, so if you want to leave one of those but we also really like the what you want to hear more of on the podcast because as much enjoyment is Jordan and I are getting out of this we're doing it for use So let us know and thank you for listening. Thank you so much.