Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really enjoyLike always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say much more about it. But yeah be kind and just just love each other because it's so sad and you know people people were really affected by it and it just shows that mental health affects everybody. So yeah today on the podcast I have Darren he has spoken to me all about his he basically had a breakdown when he was younger and he speak to her about how he copes are there and I would have to give you a warning. A trigger warning that there are mentions of suicide and through having thoughts and suicidal actions in this episode. So if you're feeling a bit fragile, you might be a bit triggered then please don't listen to it cause I don't wanna upset you even more but we'll get on with the show now and I hope you enjoy it and I'm so sorry that I neglected you all but I'm back and I hope you're as excited as me. Also, if you're new, sorry forgot to say, my name is Katie and I am the host of the show. So let's get on with the what's next podcast. All right. Well, let's start then so we have down on the show today. So hello Darrin. Hello, Darrin. Well, he's going to be talking about kind of well everything really in your life. Should we start from the start and kind of watch drug will shoot you faced and how you kind of dealing with them now? Yeah, no problem at all. So I'm I mean my 50th year. I'm 50 this year, and I've probably lived with some Depression or anxiety since I was I guess maybe 11 or 12, you know, and I believe and having spoken to several therapists and counselors. It was brought on by my parents divorced when I was 11 and I think that the thing them it was probably a very unusual thing for parents to split up in the 70s. And yeah, we were a large family my dad went one way and one went the other and yeah, I think it affected me probably. I heard that you had nowhere to talk. You're no one to talk to you then, you know these days so that's the oldest child. I couldn't really say how was feeling to my father or husband to my mother and then I had no three three younger chip younger brothers and sisters to sort of look after as well. So I had I felt like I had a burden on me. Hmm and so carried that through nice fruit through my school years. Yeah with bursts of anger and but the thing is so you tend to be too happy jolly. This will only makes were last in class and that sort of thing and I had this Burning sort of anger in me. That was very quick to sort of lose my temper. I would silliest things and I think that that was probably my first sort of like putting on perhaps I was a little bit different in the way. I thought and felt about things with around people, but you just sort of go home your life and I met a girl when I was 17 and she was 15. And we spent the next 20 years together. Yeah, so, you know, we only ever knew each other. I suppose it were God's relationships. I was quite immature. So I only really sort of spent any time with her for 20 years as young men like three Cars Plus 37 and you know, we were more like I suppose a brother and sister who are two beautiful children. We were more like brother and sister towards the end and there was no sort of intimacy from the physical side of the I should have broken down and I spoke like a lot of people I look for it elsewhere. Yeah, I wasn't happy in my marriage and I looked I looked for elsewhere met someone at work. And yeah for sure that fell apart as well, so I wasn't doing too well to main relationships in my life and both of them are falling apart quite quickly. When did you kind of realize that you had like some mental health issues because I was like you say when you're younger, especially in that era it's not talked about so when did You kind of realize that actually it might be something that is not actually fully your fault. So when I when I when I separated from from a wife, I went to live in Leicester. I lodged with a friend to start with and I got my own place and I was going home to an empty house every night. You know, I was living quite almost like a Spartan, you know, I died. Yeah, it slipped on the snow Friday never TV yet the job I had was was a very good job as an account manager. For a national account manager for a large plant hire company in I was paid well, but I mean I I lived on a bottle of vodka and a handful of peanuts every day and then sort of Polish the so bravado that I was okay at work got home at night and and curl up in a ball and cry, you know for all night. I didn't sleep. So well, I've done was drink eat peanuts and stay awake all night. I think then it started to dawn on me that perhaps this wasn't all right cycle of life to be in. Excuse me. At that point. I met her I met another another lady who's now my wife. So we've been together for 13 years and she had been through a similar thing with her father. He had a breakdown and she recognized that Ami within maybe two or three days at something was wrong and she could have walked away. But what she said was you need to go and get some help go and speak to a doctor before you do. Something silly because I was at that point. I think I'd lost I was on the 10 stone in weight and I thought I'd lost for stabbing a body weight was what I was well I was I was getting I was Reckless I was drunk every night and all I would do is sit and cry to in a new relationship with someone you met. Yeah, very very quickly, and she she looked younger than me. She's 15 years younger than me and she stayed and made sure I was okay made sure I went to the doctor. And straightaway should we you know, you have you've obviously got some they ask all the questions. Yeah, we're going to put you under the mental health Team in I was living in Leicester, but I was still registered in Hertfordshire. That's quite a death quite good friends and I was going for all kind of issues with contact with her children my ex-wife and I weren't getting along at all. Accusations flying around with that kind of thing. And then while I was being diagnosed with clinical depression, I was stopped from seeing the children so that that had a massive impact on me, you know, I not only could have not have that weekends, which was having them suddenly. There was no contact at all and that that wasn't through the courts. It was just like Sophie decided that that wasn't she didn't want them to be with me. What you're supposed to do, I could understand sir problem was in the fit place to look after them. So I was signed off work for a month went back to work thinking that would perhaps go and have some light duties if you like. I was called into a meeting with two directors of the time and they're basically gone through my sales reports and all my all my kind of administration and said you're not to even be doing the job, you know, well, I sort of what haven't we done a job because That's mental health problems like and it wasn't really recognized. I didn't really understand that and I remember I remember getting up it was almost like not looking at what I was doing. It was like I wasn't there but it was me sitting there were these two guys or berating me? And I got up and walked out. I didn't say a word. I was still talking. I got up and walked out of the office, which is in. Hey Doc so near Liverpool. We're going my car. Drove back to Lester and I can remember being in the car and again holding onto the steering when I remember screaming just shouting my lug nuts. My my throat was raw, but again, it wasn't me he was doing it wasn't like I was there doing I could see that I was doing it but I couldn't stop myself. I remember putting up to the supermarket at Forest Park and going to buy and I think it's a liter of vodka and a liter of brandy or half a liter a brand-new something like that going home. I've been Quad is on Prozac. So I've been given a lot of a lot of Prozac and some paracetamol and I I can remember taking the drink but not the tablets. Yeah, I remember what I've done to myself was very nice. I have stabbed myself and Yeah, I will. Sorry, no, it's all right. Take the time you need that's what yeah, I am. I hurt myself. I choked him where I'm my own vomit and I'd text or iPhone door tactic. I remember dad like I sent the message to my best friend's wife. So, you know say goodbye to the kids for me. And yeah, I I passed out by the front door so they couldn't get the front door open ambulance crew said the police broke in the back door. I managed to revive me and take me to Leicester infirmary or I sort of spent the next week or so. So recovering from what I've done to myself or taking on what tablet so drunk all that alcohol and I thought you know stab myself with him was 15 or 16 times and I'd also run into the door frames. So I broke my eye socket and what you're do you remember doing this or is it like watching is it like you just don't remember at all the last thing I can remember clearly? Is looking in a mirror. I had in the in the living room of the house always in and just screaming at it just shouting at it, you know shouting at myself and to me look at the Mirror Mirror was just looking at me saying you've done this. You've brought this on yourself, you know, you've destroyed a marriage you've ruined your relationship your children the relationship we've just finished with You ruined that because you couldn't you couldn't you didn't have to handle the emotions of a new relationship and then the girl I just met that the woman is now my wife. I was ruining that as well because I couldn't I couldn't find my heart. So I feel anything for at the time. I think I think depression could be a quite a selfish thing. Yeah, and I and certainly having that kind of reaction to what's out the way I look at it is if you think of It was a keyboard and you're writing a sentence you're writing a book about your life. And then suddenly you have a glitch and you're pressing keys in the wrong way and rubbish is coming out but your understanding that rubbish. You know, that that what you're right. That's all higgledy-piggledy sort of text on the screen you're writing that and your understanding it other people are looking at again. Not a clue what you're was going on. What what your what story you're telling? Yeah, but to me, it's like I just wanted to to finish it. I'd had enough. Yeah, and how how long did it take you to get the help that you needed? Because it's alright going to hospital, isn't it? But all the help you need when you've got a mental health issue isn't all in the same place and it can be if you've got depression. It can be very difficult to access that help because you just don't do anything yourself, you know, you've got to go and self-refer yourself or you've got to go to an appointment. It's too difficult for some people. Yeah. It was the I saw a couple of psychiatrists in hospital and I would say talk About what I've done and how is feeling was I hearing voices? You know, how my mood swings they do this sort of like yeah, that's the majors and then they sent me home, you know. Yeah, so I started a referral to mental health Team at heart in Hertfordshire hadn't actually seen anyone from their part from the nursery done the the diagnosis of depression. I was still on on the on sick from from work and I went home and I spent a month at my mother's they pick me up in hospital. And that's the worst thing, you know going home with your mum you two cats back to her to Letchworth where they live and being treated like a baby because that's what you've become you become this emotional wreck and after a month, I thought I was I was okay. so I went back to Lester for the same house and I had a real with with I think it was nervous and my wife now and I took her back to I took a back to to stop folder. She was living and drive back to Lester and done exactly the same thing again. So I done but it's time. I got back in my car. Drunk and you know, I didn't do any tablets just time but I stabbed myself again and the knife was actually sticking out of my arm when I got in the car and I reversed into a Lamppost and the police came and because I was armed obviously he was armed response. And my friend at the time I believe because I don't remember because I cannot remember any of this. Yeah, my friend at the time was coming to see if I was okay, the guy had lodged with originally unless that was come round to the house and he saw the car and he's got good has happened and they said he's he's got a knife in the car and he said no, he's got some some some problems with his mental health. Yeah and the police when is to get me out of the car apparently and they took me to hospital and I spend some more time in. Switzerland back to lecture find in under the mental health importance. Did you find it to be kind of like a vicious cycle for you? You know you do you need help and then you push everybody away that you need and then then you think we'll what's the point of got no one and then it's just like a cycle back and tied to break it. I think I sort of almost reverted back to my childhood work, you know, you sort of become a castle you could because you build up this barrier to your emotions and but the only thing I had inside that castle if you like, what's he saying? Oh, this is this grief almost about you know, my mom and dad splitting up what I didn't want me breaking my own family up and then losing contact with my kids. Just this fire was sort of building and burning and burning and I thought it would come out as just This is my age. Maybe Baby come out. This this sort of like Almost like a darkness of pit. I did I just didn't want to be I wasn't worthy of being a name there for anybody. Yeah, how did you feel when you got a diagnosis of depression and it's that you mentioned anxiety. But how did you feel? How did you feel when you confused or did you feel relieved I thought I thought someone actually believe me. Yeah, because I knew there was I wasn't happy for years, and I know I wasn't that in a happy place. I convinced myself. I pretended that I was to have someone actually say to you, you know, you've answered all these questions which spoken to you, you know, you've had some counseling and the psychiatrist has spoken. I don't need to come up and say you have clinical depression and we need to do these therapies and take these tablets actually someone to believe me was it was like a weight off my shoulder, you know a massive way. You're not a lifetime's worth. Yeah. Like it was it was good. I suppose they're always like something to like them. But then I had someone else who believe me in my partner. Yeah, and I should stood by me through all this and she said to me I've lived this and I can see what he's doing to you and I think with mental health, unfortunately a lot of people don't understand unless they have either gone through it themselves or they know somebody that has and I suppose as I might a male especially did you find that difficult to admit that you were struggling because I know we have this thing at the moment with with males kind of feeling still, you know a bit like they can't talk about it. And I know you're quite open about it now, but did you struggle to start with? Yeah, I never spoke to anybody about how I was feeling. Yeah. No, I mean, my father is my best friend by I couldn't speak to him about it because I always believed he has that old-school, you know, stiff-upper-lip put on a brave front up man up. Yeah, that's what I believed. But when I actually spoke to him about how I was feeling He said I suffered with depression. Hmm. My father is the the life and soul, you know, and I said well when and he said well and he put it back to finishing funny enough the marriage that he'd been in yeah sure my mother and he put it back to that. He said I didn't get out of bed for you. So you didn't know that. I didn't know that's all not know and then my mum said love a depression for You know all my life. I didn't know that either but my mum still on, you know tablets. Yeah. Yeah. So it was it was almost refreshing to to be told that other people that you love and care for I've been through the same the same sort of battle as you're going through it. Yeah, and I've been part of me. This is how I see it now I used to bet you with anxiety. I've had that for a very very long time probably since I was about 12, but with my anxiety I felt like I was trying to Except actually now I've realized that I'm always going to have depression and anxiety within me and is learning on how to manage your time now trying not to fix it all the time. I'm just trying to manager but do you feel like that was you just feel like yeah, whatever going to go away. Well, I'm not on antidepressants. Now what I was for years, I'm not on them now and I you know, I put in coping mechanisms with things that perhaps like for instance. It's my daughter's 20th birthday today haven't seen effort. For 12 years now if this was 10 years ago. I would pay want to go down the pub. Oh, you know do something silly. Now. I am mentally put in a box and lock the Box shut the votes. I put a box in the sea. Yeah, I can live with that and people say to me a lot. My mom takes me today thinking of you. Yeah. Yeah. Now again in the past that have made that a reaction to that now I can sort of live I live with it. It's happened. I can't do anything about it. I've lost that child with them. I have to move on she's a grown woman now and all that kind of thing. So I have to think of positives. Yeah, and have you stopped have you stopped blaming yourself? I think I'll always blame myself. I think I feel like I let her I let them down. So I let my Xscape and my children leaving Philly. I still feel like I let them down and I didn't want to be in a relationship anymore. I should have taken better care of myself perhaps earlier in the recognize. None wasn't feeling well. Yeah, and you know with that even if I marriage is finished in I would have been in a better place to be able to look after them. And then I wish to have the contact with the mail. So yeah, I blame myself a little bit but nowhere near as much as I did. Yeah, and how about work and things like that? How do you deal with mental health at work? Because I know now, you know we talk a bit more about it at work that I still don't think that out work. We you know. If you would just bring it and say look I can't come in today. I am feeling depressed or I'm have to have the doctor's because I've you know, not fit. I can't get out of bed. I still don't think that that is a people think that's a valid valid reason to not come to work. How do you deal with it? So the job ID you're isolated most of the day. Hmm. It's got I'm on the road. I'm I'm silly generators and things like that. But so you're on your own for my survey that most contact with people unless it's in a Meeting which generally lasts 20 minutes to 35 minutes. You're on the phone, you know, that's occasionally. So I just, you know, then you start to think so you're on your own and you start to think and that's when the bad time for me happens. If I start to think about things, what's the max what they do now, I pull up I'll go to a shop or I'll take a walk around before I go into a meeting to try and again just reassess readjust realigning. Learning what my head's clear and I can continue hmm. I get as much going back to the fact that the workplace. Yeah. I mean if you've broken your arm, whatever that stomach than that's a good enough excuse, but we still I mean, I've had it when I was really really ill last year the year before last year. I think it was I had the immense guilt when I mean I'd go to work and then I'd say no, I don't feel great and their blockade to go home and I love immense guilt that I would People would be in like all she's not really ill. You know, she's faking it or if no one actually no one actually ever said that but it did get how do you think moving forward can employers kind of support staff in a way that I know we're saying we are supportive of mental health, but, you know having a torrid time to talk, you know day once a year is a really supportive of people that have these problems throughout the year. I think it's like anything. I mean a lot of companies do toolbox talks about, you know new equipment log processes in the workplace. Health and safety that always doing talks and health and safety or meetings on it that the path to health and safety PHP mental health and safety. I have a have these tour book talks about, you know, open discussions about how people are feeling in the workplace or that probably happens in some companies. Yeah, do you ever suffer with like low self-esteem worrying that people are chatting about your just wondering how your depression manifests compared to more others. I don't think about people talk about because of I'm quite open about about it. You know, I'm never shied away from the fact that you know, I had this breakdown and I did silly things to myself and I'm the result without it's like I lost a lot of things but I also gained a lot, you know as well. So I mean my depression manifest itself, it's hard to put a finger on it could be anything. It could be that the weather it could be, you know woke up on the wrong side of the bed. I perhaps Ellen and I don't know if that's read something in a book. Something on TV any and then there is doesn't seem to be any particular trigger. I just wake up one day and I don't want to get our bed or I don't want to talk to anyone. Of course in my job. You're constantly talking to people. Hmm and when you're not in that frame of mind, that's that's a hard task. Yeah, and can you feel it now? You're kind of used to it. Can you feel it if it's rumbling a such? So if you I get these things where I know that I'm going to be unwell if I feel really I retired and I feel really really far Jake and I start thinking, you know, I just feel really low and I can kind of almost stopped it from going as far as it did the time for do you ever have that way you can feel it kind of rumbling to me? It's like having a storm cloud in the back of your head. Yeah, and I look like a fog almost and the way you know the way perhaps I look at this if I put an umbrella up now, you know, what will put a torch or not. It's going to be brighter and I'm not going to get so wet and horrible and you don't feel so good. So everything I do is almost like a You know treat treat my mind if you like me. It's not a massive thing my mind, but I treat my mind like, you know compartments. So now certain memories are now trigger things. I put them there and I lock them away. Yeah that's easiest way to deal with and then I have good good things I think about and part of overdosing on Prozac is It affects your short-term memory. So I'm not so great on things that perhaps I should remember. Yeah, you know, so I have to talk again. Look at the way. I do things on a day-to-day. I'll keep a diary. I you know, yeah that kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. So do I just say depression affects memory? Yeah, and then if you forget things you feel absolutely awful forgetting things. I have a diary. I can't either forget everything except and I'm getting older as well. So I'm going to kick back there. Yeah. So I suppose let's talk about kind of how you do how you do with with it all and how you kind of gone from that such a dark place to you know, putting yourself out. I suppose how you dealt with it. And what was the things that helped? So the first time going back to of 1213 years now, we're not when I did something silly and I came out of hospital and I wanted to try and find a way back into into some kind of life or existence is I took myself boxing I boxed them trained martial arts all my life and a friend of mine basic classes at he run a gym in Hitchin and it was a bit like the Rocky Balboa thing. I sort of walked in my bag and he looked at me or not you again likes I explain to him what happened and he just immediately he said when you were feeling bad should have come here. Yeah, and I trained therefore whenever I wanted to he didn't charge me anything because it wasn't working a chapel Wayne Armstrong. Any know that that for me was like being in a church, he's a place of Peace. I'd go in with no one else was training. So me on my own Wayne downstairs, you know do what road reading a book or whatever and I will be upstairs training away for two or three hours and it would just completely forget everything else in the world existed apart from their rewards and it's cold dirty smelly, you know boxing. Yeah, and I loved it and unfortunately the gym closed he close to that gym down. She is got him but by that time my head was in a better place. So it's like it's like stages. Yeah, do I cope with it now? I'm very lucky. I look it up. I've had a second chance. So I'm married to Samantha and we've got two lovely boys and and again for the first few years. I find it really hard to concentrate on them as a as a family unit because I was always thinking about the other two so they were almost like they were second. And then one day I can't remember for whatever reason I thought to myself. This is silly what I'm doing now. I'm losing this family because I can't give them a hundred percent. So made that decision end to you know to stop lying a letters every week tune even feeling, you know, stop trying to find ways to contact them. I stopped as hard. I think probably the hardest thing I've ever done. I must have been hundreds letters never had a reply. You know, you think on your birthday you might get a car door. So I never heard anything from them and I had to make a decision and that that that's the case. I'd have to stop contact any trying to contact them completely and concentrate on the family of God. Unfortunately that that pretty much occupies my time now, yeah, so yes, I'm incredibly lucky. I don't have time to be overly sad or you know. Get no getting out there that kind of thing. Do you ever worry that I mean all parents would worry that you know their children might end up going through the same thing that they did or you know, we've got pressures of social media. We've got this at the moment. I you know, I'm glad I wasn't a teenager in this kind of where we are now. I mean I look at my brother and he's just coming out of it, but it worries me that when I was younger. I although I suffer from anxiety. I didn't have all this stuff that seems that everyone else seems to have do you ever worry? That they might kind of suffer the same way that others are suffering. Yeah, my oldest boy Archie. He just been diagnosed with Asperger's it's all with autism. Now that's on the autistic Spectrum. Not not not massively but a part of that is anxieties part of that. Yeah, and he's always on the phone or on the computer, you know check to his friends or looking stuff up and I often worry about that and how that affects you and and I think at the moment is to the Coronavirus Iris is of his the way he's autistic every question and I yeah, every question are quite questions that he's picked up off the news more off off of social media that the adults are talking about. Yeah, and it worries him. So now he doesn't sleep at the moment because of that. So yeah, there are certain things which I do think I worry about people say about my youngest boy. I was just like you were when you were younger. Yeah and happy-go-lucky. And I look at one thing. I hope you stay that way. No follow the path. I wouldn't know. Do you think it helped are you open with them about how you feel? Yeah, they know myself and my wife both have mental health. It's not problem issues. Yeah, we both are suffer with illness not my wife suffered depression as well. So it's like open mind better than she does hers now. Yeah. So am I more like a A crutch or leaning post for her. So yeah that they've grown up with it. Yeah, so I don't see us at our First ya gotta have seen this with perhaps. We're not happiest and yeah, that's what that does affect my thing suppose. It's you know, I hope that we see Generations like that just talking about it. Like it's you know, like they've broken their arm or they're, you know, they're off school sick or whatever. I hope that I think we are going that way. I think we all talked about it in school. Yeah, that is good because when I was at school, we didn't talk about it more and more children are diagnosed with depression down there. Yeah. It's the biggest increase. Yeah groups. Especially anxiety as well, you know life is hard and stressful and if you've got that added pressure on you, it's not always easy to admit it, but you'd hope these days that people are I think that's what we do the podcast is right. That's why people loads people do stuff that mental health and like you say you are very open about it because I've had so many people contact me and say because you've spoken about it. I've now done this or I'm realize I need to go get help and so I suppose if somebody is struggling Being at home. What kind of advice would you give them? You know, is there anything that you can kind of pass on or any way you can reassure them that you know, it's going to be okay. It's nothing to be embarrassed about I think the more vocal your about it and the more people within your Your group of friends you can talk to about it. You'll probably find a lot of them are suffering, you know with something as well. I'm and I'm lucky. I've got a small circle of friends and two or three of them are stuck with me through through everything, you know from school if you like a young man growing up and I thought I couldn't quite get a heads around it to begin with now, they're very very accepting of it, you know and one or two of of realize but that perhaps they needed to talk to someone as well. Yeah. I think it's I think that's the main thing the main thing talking to someone, you know, whether it's a friend or Samaritans or one of the Charities anything about that sir. Just get it out there get it off your chest. Yeah, sometimes I think people find it helpful writings of down or yeah. I mean I used to write poetry. Yeah, it's one that's what if it was Punch-Drunk ex-boxer, but I used to write poetry and you know, some of it was very dark. Some of it was funny and you know, it's a way of expressing your feelings, isn't it? Yeah, I'll give it to my mom or Sam to read your see the faces drop or smile then what I given them. Yeah and like a so, how are you feeling now now yeah, I'm I feel like I'm in a good place at the moment. I'm yeah, I'm incredibly happy in my love life, you know with my wife and my children are awesome. I've a good relationship everyone in my family. I've got friends and I'm a job my job is going well. So yeah, I can't complain. I forgot to ask you the first question. I'm supposed to ask everyone on the podcast. I'm not a good girl for the first question. I asked everybody is what have you done today that you're proud of and I've got to ask you because The start of Series 2 so I have is I've been a bit Rusty haven't done it in a while. So, you know not to push all the did, you know, I didn't know what buttons I was pressing when I got in here. So what have you done today that you're proud of so I've done two things. I've walked my youngest son who's nine Charlie to school in the rain, which was great fun because he's just as his wonderful outlook on life and then I I didn't get upset when you know, it was my daughter's birthday. I was quite yeah. I was okay with it. Yeah, which is a really good thing. Yeah, so you get into things right fantastic anything else that you want to kind of give your wisdom to people I say this thing before I let you go home because it is Friday and it's half six and people have lives. I'm very grateful that you came in here today. Just be safe out there suppose ya self. Look after your mental health. Don't worry about getting going to ask for help as opposed to just keep talking and that's it. I hope you keep doing everything you're doing because obviously it's helping People so thank you so much for coming on the podcast. Thank you. Thank you for listening guys. That was nice a nice little first first episode of series two. So yeah, thank you so much for listening. As always. You can always go find us on Facebook. What is next podcast Instagram and you can listen to all of the podcast episodes on Apple podcast Spotify and anchors. As well a big big big thank you to my lovely editor Marcus Kenmare. He said it's the show even a The Big Cheese the BBC. So thank you so much for that and remember us when you're famous and to Black Cat radio for allowing me to host a show here. My name is Katie and I'm gonna love you and leave you enjoy your evening and I will see you next time.