I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP engineer.My friends and family smile is working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear of inflation. Ation, what's this is crypto baby Central bank's a centralization the script. I flipped it laptop and grifted. My life was right now all my cotton suggested to know my vacation. I'm crypto supplying and they call me gentrification away. Your black modifying friends asking what's the best part of your newfound treasury? I say reminding you have you told me I never be a bit going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care flash drives in the underwear now that I'm a Bitcoin billionaire. The cash was never-ending you're scaling funding Rowdy. I was spending like a 7 on a scale from 1 to 70 call it mad banking on that in a week in my rig is Al Franken wraps what it can while you sleep. Just trying out spending me and you'll see I'm on a mission. I wasn't oh, she's been a clumsy Japanese obstetrician ain't open the splits don't care if it's best to not opposing Force like a Chinese restaurant geek to Chic from basic to a sick. I went from basement spotting the item from base in the Basin went from no friends and depression. European Legends more contrasting language to establish the impression of a bitch going billionaires are spending money like I don't care then one day there was a solar flare. Huh? I was a Bitcoin billionaire spending money. Like I don't care now. I just want my underwear used to be a Bitcoin billionaire any change that you can spare and settle for a doge corner so desperate.