Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you all.Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact 89. Yeah. We really really appreciate that and we're working on improving and we hope you guys stick with us through this process. So the topic of the day it's a video games and I know we all like video games so we can talk forever about this stuff honest true true. All right. What is it? What is what is like one game that y'all remember? Oh my God. I think the game that I'm going to remember for like pretty much for the rest of my life because it was my first game to the HALO Series. Yeah. So like from the first Halo all the way to like the third Halo from Combat Evolved a look three. I just like I love it so much. I remember the first time I actually played a video game like on a console. Was when I was like, I'm not sure I was really young and it was around holidays. My brother's brought be like what I think is probably the original Xbox. Yeah. It was a nice opportunity bright Halo 2 and I remember playing a custom games with them and my oldest brother coming up behind me and stab me in the back with an energy source Classic this Trail right there. Yeah, I never got into Halo. I just wanted to like say that real quick because really does it hit I played Halo 3 & 4 & 3 is like the best right the best of all time. Hmm, and that's like as far as I got hit before kind of sucked it dude. Yeah, that's true. I think that's because you were a PS4 PS4 kid. I played Xbox 360. Oh, yeah. Nice. Yeah. I had I had I was one of those cool kids that After four years the conflict came. I had the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox Three Sixty eight. What? No so stupid but no I had a I just like Halo 3 because of the needle gun and on the evil the Needler the Needler the needle you need a Needler kneedler. What were you saying about what game? Oh, I was just gonna talk about my my memory of a game Goku. Yeah go for it. Yeah, just a second. Okay, mine was Super Smash Bros this massive series. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I think between all of us there's going to be this connection of like brought us closer with our siblings and that's kind of how we had fun. When were younger, but for me it was Super Smash Bros. Like I remember I was four five. We hooked it up in the car like this. We had an AC adapter and we would plan the car in like I remember I was so young, but I had so much fun and it just threw out my you just got me really close with my my my family and also my friends like I feel like I've played a lot of video games with you guys and that's something cool about video games that I think a lot of people don't realize Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Definitely I think like in as in my younger years I think video games have like influenced me so much and like people that don't play video games right now. What I'm about to say, they're gonna be like, oh my gosh, that was so cringe like that. This is dumb. But I definitely think that a good part of like my heart and like who I am and this is sound so bad but came from video games because like as much as it's it's stupid. Stupid to say I definitely had a lot of role models from like the main characters in video games as yeah. I was growing up right? Sure. Yeah good like you look at you. Look at Master Chief, right? He's he's saving a whole civilization. You're like damn you want to be a good guy exactly. I mess with that. Why are you lying or something? Whatever happened? I've never had an Xbox. So I can't relate to any of this stuff. I've never been in the Halo. I've always been like a Call of Duty. Hmm. My earliest memory my earliest and like most traumatizing memory with I was playing Modern Warfare 2 and I was like super into the campaign and I just remember when ghosts God and it broke my heart true. That was the best campaign. What about you have the same way? I have a lot I think I have a lot of games that affect affected me. I guess my first console was the PlayStation 1 and Playstation 1 I had this game called Croc 2 and if you follow around this little crocodile, and there's these like little Minions that are taking over the village and this like big bad guy a big minion and he he he takes Crocs Village. It's like a It's like Mario 64, but for the PlayStation 1 and your instead of being Mario your crocodile, definitely think you should look into it Croc was really dope and I've been every now and then I'm like, dude. I'm gonna buy this game again and played on the PlayStation 2. That's awesome. How it sticks with you? Yeah. Oh, yeah, I've definitely kept all my video games. I hate I hate when my parents would like you. Can I can I have this little console view so I can like give it to someone and I'm like no no dude. I work. I worked hard as a memory. Yeah. No, yeah, like when my Hummer got stolen back in like 2009 or something like that. I don't even know and my game boy was in it. No it my car was stolen and it was found in Laredo like oh it was it got in a car wreck and they got my game boy back, but they all the games were gone except for like maybe yay. Except for like I don't know if you know, but I remember all the games being gone. I was like damn I got to start from zero again feels bad and I think so like speaking of old games though. I remember I think my old at one of my oldest memories of or I probably wear my most fond memories of like other than playing with my siblings was going so I obviously I have a lot of family and when really if y'all didn't know that and my cousins were super into video games, too. We won we won weekend. I went and stayed a just stayed over at their house and he had I don't even remember what what console it was on or what my game thing it was on but he had a game called Rampage and I don't know if y'all know what that is, but it's the game went crazy writes a gorilla. It's the gorilla Godzilla and like isn't that the one crashing buildings in the wolf and the Wolf in the yeah. Yeah, you just like you go and you climb on buildings and you fight each other. While you're tearing down the buildings and their movie like yeah, nothing. Yeah. It's a real quickly. What are ya'lls favorite genre of games? Mine's multiplayer because I love ya people. I like multiplayer will get in-depth given depth on multiplayer. Like what kind of multiplayer game mine's like maybe a League of Legends? Again about you gotta cut a strategy based and like you gotta get you gotta put some work on work as a team work is yeah teamwork. I like that I am so I'm also like a big thing for that like I love multiplayer games and I love being able to play with my friends and like definitely I've made a ton memories just doing that just and like not even playing sometimes I've been playing right next to them. But oh there's also other times where I've been like, So many miles away playing with him. So I think that's pretty cool. And I think other than multiplayer games, I think definitely like single put like I forget what they're called open world games where yeah travel around like find different things and everything is new those games. I think are my favorite game single player. Yeah. I have too many. There's there's some days where I'm like dude. I can definitely go for a racing game and like I just like like racing like like like car games where you can customize the car. And had like decals and stuff. Yeah, it was a game called Midnight Club that games to go hard was that yeah. Yeah. I don't like the new racing games now. I don't know why I mean some of them are really realistic and I haven't played one. I think the most recent one I played was like Forza Horizon 2 3. Mmm. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Those are pretty good though. Those are the wings. Over realistic. Yeah. Those are I like customizing the car and like street racing and then there's there's some days where I'm where I want to play. I don't know like shooting games. There's there's some days where I want to do that and then and then like the open world, I guess got a war isn't open world, but that's definitely one of my favorite games. Yeah. We just got off work. It's pretty cold that game the newest. I don't know if y'all play the old gotta Wars and how they were those. I love those games to those were super good. I think just like the the what's it called just like the atmosphere of being around like this. Usually just like wants to destroy everything and you just pissed off and just gave you just get to control him. Yeah, but then even the new ones who wear it's like he's not as pissed off the story just goes hard. Yeah, it's yeah. Riley I think my favorite favorite game genre would be like the open-world RPG kind of games like Skyrim. Yes, sir. Yeah, that's exactly that. And I get to the you kill the dragon right? That's when you learn your first shout. Yeah, I got to the second show and I didn't know how to do it. So I stopped playing I skip it tutorial. It's I skipped it tutorial to learn the shout and I couldn't go back to learn it. So you just gave up because I didn't know what the other shot was. Everything hos be it's supposed to help you throw the game. Right, like it's a big part of the game's your shout. Yeah, there's one part of the game where you like can't get past it without a shit. I don't know what the other shout is. So yeah, keep going whether you were talking about open up in Skyrim. Well, no one would be Fallout rounded and replayed follow until the Fallout 4. That was the first pilot ever played. So I like I missed out on a lot of really good. Yeah. No, you definitely did. I played I think the first Fallout game I played was well the first to fall outs were like weird like computer game, they weren't weird, but they were like, there are a lot different than you know, I think they are. We're different. Yeah, but follow three Fallout New Vegas and then Fallout 4. Definitely there. I think all three of those are really good. What is it the new one all out? 7076 there's a job only hire one everyone pack that up there like yeah. Yes, and then it comes out with full of bugs. And yeah, he can't even complete the campaign at one point. That's a big fail. Yeah, the game definitely flopped. What is it? There's another game. What's the one where you're like a robot and you fly around it came out last year and everyone was hoping for it. You're a robot and he's flying ratcheting clink. No, I'm not like, oh my God, this guy named the guy named critical used to play. I don't like talking about the space game. No, not that one. That's when you fly around. I'm not sure what you're talking about. Yeah, have you heard about the new Skyrim that's in the works right now? Yeah, the its seventh right? I think it's the seventh day or the six. It's been no. It's Can't wait. We'll talk a little bit about games in the future later. Yeah, right. Now this next topic kind of kind of little spicy. I don't know if we have any female officers when you guys want to make a quick break for our sponsor. Why not? Okay, let's make it. Okay. And then I think it should we cut it here. Yo, have you ever heard of anger? It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. It has creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Okay, cut it boom. And then we're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. What a horrible time to insert an ad. I said we might have lost some girl listeners right now. Oh videogames, but let's bring it back. Let's rope it in. Let's talk about Esports. I know some girls have been debating with us at school about Esports. If it's a real thing. Should it be called Esports? First let's talk about what is Esports someone take it away here. Hold on. Let's look up the definition of peaceful good idea. Good idea. A multiplayer video game played competitively competitively for spectators typically by professional Gamers. I'm so glad you brought that up because earlier I looked up the definition of sport and it says an activity involving physical insert exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another for entertainment. So it sounds to me like those to kind of compare really well together that that could be a point in case for Esports. Sport sport as as you know, as I am the President of the Esports club, I'm pretty much will defend Esports in any way possible and not even because of the fact that I think I mean we can go back and forth on whether or not we think it's a sport or not, you know, but I think it all boils down to whether or not you're using teamwork with your friends or whoever with whoever you're with and just combined. Coming together to try and beat another team. Yeah, I think that's like the biggest thing and I think some people are like kind of overlooking that because in a normal sport, like obviously you have to move physically, but I think that from the teamwork aspect and from the training aspect and everything like that. I think I think I'm pretty much maybe not the training but practice only the poem no, dude. No no. Okay, some of these guys play for 13 hours straight. It takes a lot of focus and dedication of play for 13 hours. Right - yes. Well, I mean obviously one of us could probably do that. No, I can't play games for 13 hours and hours great. I'm like just just you I think I probably could yeah if I really want to do yeah, I know I mad respect to the guys at the pro level for playing not even Pro level streamers even do it like steamer sometimes stream for 12 hours, uh-huh, like the fact the fact that gaming can be a job now so dope and yeah, like how you can get sponsorships from it and how you can influence a whole group of individuals by just playing video games. Yeah. Yeah. Can I bring up a few facts here? Yeah. Sure. Go ahead. Swear, since we're debating this virtually. Okay, if I remember right people who? Watch the finale of like say League of Legends. For example, apparently there were a lot more viewers than the Super Bowl. That's really yeah. There's that. Another thing is the highest professional players in Esports. They're getting paid Millions like and maybe not in America per se but in Korea in such in China, they're like, they're like Superman. The top of the to the top of their sports or like Superman there it's crazy. So it's a real thing. I think America is kind of always being for sure. Well the fact that it's made it into like us being like this year us being able to play sports for our school. I think we're definitely like on the come up, but I definitely feel like we're probably about like five years late not five years later. We're probably like we're finally like 10 you to know what I think Yeah, it would be something Esports Esports. No for high school. Oh, it's like recent but like overall it's like a couple of years. Yeah, definitely, right? Can we talk about that? Can we talk about our Esports team how we are I think ranked 23 in the state right now. It was first a bunch of retired prefer. What's first we were tied for first what happened? It's a lot. It's not a long story, but it's like too much to explain and it's definitely like a turn-off for the viewers that they're not here for for that specifically. It's like it's kind of complicated. It's like we had a match for fitted from the Team didn't have a player so they had to Forfeit and when they forfeit we don't get any of the points that we should have gotten. Mmm. So we just didn't we didn't get anything. So we went from having say like having a hundred points and we could have gotten another hundred to have us at 200. We didn't get any because they forfeited wow, so we just got screwed with an AR. Mmm-hmm. What's the max amount of points? You can get it's actually Lee unlimited I think or in one game I think it's it's a probably a hundred. I think I think a hundred is the most how about we see let's see. So let's win if we get if you had a hundred or score to 36. We would be placed we have to 36 in it. Yeah, yeah, we'd be placed we would be in first we would be inversely if we didn't get forfeited. We would have killed people. You just can't say we can we're gonna kill people. No I said we would have I said, we would have killed people like we would have destroyed the others in the game, of course in the game in the game. What do you think about the East War seemed how does it compare to like an actual sport? Like you're the you're the baseball pitcher? Okay. How does it compare? Can you can you see the automation? Yeah, the teamwork was for sure that you gotta work as a team just as well and these forces doing baseball because if your team isn't were good together than there's just nothing worse at all. Yeah, no, no, no, uh-huh for sure. Physicality, I mean obviously there's a comparable little my carpal tunnel. I've been I've been moving my mom. She wants you better remember scientist said every time you die in a game you do five push-ups. That's true. That's how we get jacked boys. Yeah. I was just a Wily. How were your biceps not gigantic by now, he doesn't die. He just I don't know. That's why I guess I guess you could talk about our other teams to but I mean like no no, we have a they haven't started anything. So this he is go team the OverWatch team the Rainbow Six Siege team smash Team Rocket league and rock him leave so that I mean shut up the fact that out to all those team the Phoenix five the yeah, I think so. So, okay so our next our next thing so what do what are your hopes for Esports and video games in the future? What do you like? How how do you all want to see that progress Super Bowl Super Bowl? She's a bowl of words. That's it superfood for bull in the United States though. Yeah. Yeah televised nationally. Oh, yeah for sure are definitely on social social media like your Twitch your you YouTube it's true pretty big. Mmm actually actually know what I want. I want older people to accept it. Yes, welcome. So I think I think when we get old, I think we like I think our generation is the step because my brother is 18 years older than me and he was like raised on video games and he loves them and he would like he would never he wouldn't change anything about video games as he was growing up. So I think A generation that's above us that's just a little older than ass. I think they're going to be more accepting honestly for sure for sure. So is everything okay? I think by the time that we get to I think probably by the time that we're 40, I think Esports will be recognized nationally at every level and I think it will be a very big thing and I think lots of people will watch out now obviously now there's a lot of people that watch but I think then I think it's gonna be huge. Yeah, I was going to say even my mom she like she can remember playing on the Nintendo 64 and Atari and like that's something a lot of I guess our parents generation can kind of connect with mom is a big Biscuit. Oh, no, it's good. She comes up every episode dude. We'll make it a thing. Somehow got to have her own agenda. Don't plug it with Shadow too windy, but my hopes for Esports in the future. I think keep it on a roll steady roll. I don't really care how big it's it's being a more except would be cool but video games in the future. Like I hope they keep making it. It's a great Pastime. It gives people a lot of entertainment and like you can connect with our character and get get into that story. Uh-huh. That's sometimes you're missing from your own life, you know, sometimes I need something to kind of fall back on sometimes. I want to hop in the VR chat and find myself. Tough. I think I'm gonna frame you're going to say girlfriend weren't you didn't know. Oh gosh. All right. So what yes, what's up next? I don't know. Let me point out something real quick though for all of our listeners. We are we kind of ride that middle ground between eo8 and actual athletes. Like we all are two plus sport athletes. So you have the best of both. Yeah, I think if you don't know us very well. I think that if you haven't seen us in person and you're only listening just off of our Since I think we are a lot different than how you would think we would sound. Yeah, I don't know six five. Yeah, like despite me being a sports this president of the Esports Club. I am also like one of the best power lifters we have and football team guessing. Yeah in football team captain in like I'm like, I'm a pretty big dude. So like there's there's definitely that data that double double sided Right. Double Dynamic right there. Yeah. Well Dynamic, we basically have the right to talk about Esports and regular. Yes. What am I talking about? They both are regular Sports. Yes, they are. Bine they are now synonymous one and the same. All right, kind of kind of getting close to the end here. We're in the final stretch. What games are you guys excited about that will come out in the near future. Um, yeah, bruh Punk cyber best. Yeah so good I have got really are in vibe. Yeah, I'm really been paying attention to much to to like a lot of the different games that are coming out because like nothing really interesting. Whoa, you gotta think the what is it? Well, what's that giant gaming convection? Oh something like one of the gaming conventions got canceled. Because like half of half of the whole industry couldn't go because they're located in in China, right? Oh really and like that whole coronavirus thing going around. Yeah, never heard of it. Yeah virus I have heard that it is kind of blown up and for us it's nothing more than a common cold. But bird who like to in adult like a very old person or very young child it would be it's kind of like a really bad flu. Well, yeah, it's just like it's just like any other flu like if you're old you're immune systems trash body unless you're like Betty White You're somehow as low as founded the what are they? Could the Fountain of Youth in this Rascal? Yeah. Life, it's crazy. We honestly a little bitty bite though. Like she's like you mean how young is Betty White? Yeah, we know you're listening. Thank you for all your support. She's fine for so still taller than you Jose. What else it's supposed to not be something we should be worried about but the media is kind of going crazy about. Yeah, they like to have before we get into any more of the media with the whole election going on. I think we should save that for another episode because I can definitely feel us rotating towards that. Yeah, let's bring this back the game. I'm most excited about or I guess too. To Elder Scrolls 6 and the Very the very new Halo Halo infinite like for sure. I watch the trailer for that. So we talked about so Elder Scrolls is pretty good. I think this next one is definitely going to be a they're going to have to Bethesda is going to have to come back from their Fallout 76 the ask. Oh, yeah. I mean that just failed and I think Halo. Has a big I think this is definitely their comeback story. Right for sure for just 3 for 3 has taken Halo from one of the greatest. I am not that it's not that it's terrible now, but I think that the I think Halo 4 and Halo 5 have just been nothing compared to how how the original trilogy was. And I think that this game supposedly is supposed to come back to their roots in like this is supposed to be Their way of like of giving back to us how sweet. Wow, what a great love story. Finally. We making the gain that we've always wanted while they haven't you require. Um, well one of the games that I was excited to see I don't know if you'll ever played The Last of Us the first about oh, I saw it. I never made The Pisgah. Yeah just for ya. Never one player. But yeah, I'm really excited Like Richard in right but in like a dissimilar yeah similar play style. But yeah, that's right. Um, let's see what how close are we to I think we're hitting that point. I think I think we're I think we're good. Let's look. Here's the side. Should we continue here? And there's no responses. There's no I didn't I didn't even pack. Come on do it again. Oh my gosh with that in mind guys. Please. Give us some feedback support us on patreon it. Yes. Yeah. Please believe us but we need your we need your help to make the are once again asking for your financial support - you here to tell you that we're being attacked. But yeah, 5 dollars isn't it? $5.00 now? Yes, it is five dollars for a whopping the ability to come onto the show. Tell us a topic. Come on guys ability to have your name shout it out. I mean What kind of a deal that's just sounds crazy to me. You can also support us on the anchor. If you go to the website and you can send this 99 Cents if you would like, but we want you on patreon supporters on patreon, please please please it's pricing. He'll walk special five dollars and you can get on this show. Isn't that amazing? Okay, let's let's get our final word guards out any last words fellas. I think we got everything I think I think if y'all stuck, I don't think if you're stuck with us this far thank you. We love to see you on the on the next episode if you can support us we want to thank you for all of the listeners on the last episode and hopefully we can get the same amount on this one. Yeah, that'd be pretty dope all the 89 of you all. Feel free to share this to your friends. I mean if they're Gamers, I mean, this is a pretty good podcast talking about game there this one this This episode is a good game game will strive to talk about other things. Another episode will probably do this every like two days. That's what it kind of seems like. Oh, okay, so Thank you for listening. All right, just stay funky. They funky. All right, it is Craig Craig to hear this.