Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I was completely lost on where to begin. Thankfully. I heard about the anchor app and I was immediately empowered to do this podcast on my own. The anchor app is free and their creator tools allow you to record and edit right from your phone or computer plus anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you don't have to figure all that out. So if you have a podcast idea just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I can't wait to listen to your podcast hi, beautiful. Beautiful. Hello everyone. Thank you so much for joining this conversation. I have YouTuber Lizzie answers, which is so exciting. Hello Lizzie. Thanks for having me on here. Yes, of course. We do want to give you a trigger warning right off the bat this conversation is going to get quite heavy and some places quite dark. I have fully submitted to this not being monetized at all. We are going to talk about sexual assaults. The philia the scandals that occurred in the church. So if any of that is triggering to you, please skip this video and go on to the next one anyone still here. We invite you into this conversation. It's is going to be heavy so we welcome all of your comments and questions, but please if you can do so in a kind way, I've obviously already been aware of Lizzie's videos and I've watched a bunch of them and I always love your approach to things but you popped up in my Twitter feed saying you're going to add answer to my birth control video, which was a response to Paul and Morgan and I was sitting on the couch like watching a movie with my partner and I was like, oh, I'm about to get a taste of my own medicine like because I've had response videos and I've had people passively aggressively talk about me without me and I am it's really weird because it's like you make response videos to them and they got me. About them and then like a week later, they'll make a video but not saying you're Dave everyone knows who they're responding to but they just won't at you or what. Do you say your name? It's really cringey this so, I don't know why people do that. I don't yeah, it's funny to me and I've told my audience that I always ask people for private conversation at certain point. I've like thrown up my hands and been like I'm not going to ask every time video, but everyone says no and You're the first person that said yes first person. That's so crazy. Yeah, I think the only other difficult quote-unquote conversation I've had was with the Bethel leader that started the changed movement at Bethel which is you know, I perceived as a conversion therapy sort of ministry and I still essentially do see it that way but her and I had a really civilized beautiful conversation and I was like I want more of that because we've evenly disagreed on that but it was very civil and lovely. So look forward to it, you know, so for everyone watching welcome, thank you so much for being a part of this conversation. I wanted to kind of dive into Lizzie's history and why Catholicism resonates with her so deeply because it is true. I am a former Catholic although admittedly. I always call myself a casual Catholic because we were just the family that went on. Holidays and like very well may be occasional guilty Sundays or something. So I never drove into a lot of the things that I know nothing about like active in permissive will solo scripture Etc. So hopefully you all will get a little education on Catholicism, but we're also going to talk about this birth control debate because I think we still have some answers and potentially Lycra bottles to one another and our perception of this so Let's get started. So I know that you went from Protestant Catholic. Did you grow up Catholic know so and I caught it? Yeah, so I don't missionaries kid. My parents are missionaries in St. Petersburg Russia. So I lived there for the first part of my life and I grew up my entire life in a Protestant denomination called Churches of Christ, which is an offshoot of Presbyterian and we always joked that it's Baptist without the piano because we had occupied. Ella worship as part of our church. I absolutely loved growing up Christian. I don't ever remember not believing in God or not having a relationship with God. So it resonated with me my entire life. I went to a Christian College called Pepperdine. That was also Churches of Christ. And while I was at Pepperdine each summer. I spent the whole summer in Thailand teaching English with the Bible and doing missions work. So my plan after college was to permanently move to Thailand or like The five years maybe forever and do missions work, but then I started doing more research into the early church into the Orthodox church and the Catholic church and kind of posting videos sharing about off. Sorry baby was gonna grab your bottle. But anyways, so I started posting more Catholic videos on my YouTube channel, and I actually got fired from being a missionary and I wasn't allowed to move to Thailand. And so I had grown so close to this group of people. They were like family. It was heartbreaking and it still is that I was kind of cut off from that community. So when you were putting up the videos on Catholicism were you saying hey, I'm a Catholic or you were just expressing intrigued. I was making videos look like one of the ones was 10 lies Protestants believe about Catholics. Okay, and I would talk about how there's a lot of disunity and And that's why a lot of my atheist viewers don't want to become Christian because they think the Bible is so hard to understand if there is like 30,000 interpretations of the Bible. So I wasn't at all saying I'm becoming Catholic like at that point. I thought I was going to move to Thailand and become Catholic in three or four years. So I was really strong in the yeah, I wish it back because I wanted to eventually but I wanted to be a missionary first. So yeah. Yeah, interesting. Wow. Okay, I mean and I truly hate that this is the vibe of so many Protestant churches. It's like you say one of one question. You have one independent thought you risk losing your entire community and this is why people are so afraid to speak out and just raise their hand and be like, hey, I'm having cognitive dissonance about this thing that you're telling me like to not be given the permission and freedom to say Is not rights and is not a true community and is definitely not unconditional love. So I'm sorry you experienced that because that must have been traumatizing you have for sure. I would like cry and cry and cry because I had formed best friends there and I was learning Thai and I would dream in tie and it was just my whole like life in college was centered around. I was going to move to Thailand. I wanted to be a missionary like how my parents were and there were things that that Church community that I totally sacrificed and was almost dying to self they were way more conservative than Churches of Christ in America. So women weren't even allowed to pray in public like if we are having lunch together, I couldn't pray over the food and thank God for our food, but it was just because I was a woman because there's Bible verses women must be silent in the church. I don't permit Amanda have a I don't permit a woman to have authority over a man. So they took these This is literally and so I love hanging over lunch in church or anywhere anywhere. That's it was that's not accurate with the scripture. Even if you did take it literally and yeah, that's a good point. They took it so so so far that is insane. I mean, that's actually insane. Hmm. Okay. Well, how did it feel to be in such a repressive environment as a woman? I think that I was allowed to do teaching sessions. If people who weren't baptized yet, so like the moment they were baptized I couldn't do a one-on-one English session anymore. But in a lot of ways it was the most beautiful Christian Community who's the best missionary setup and Ministry setup I've ever seen in my life. So many people are becoming Christians. It was such pure love. So it was like this one thing that was really hurtful, but everything else was so amazing and so Christ centered and it was like, We're all family with each other and they were constantly spending time with each other like meals together singing together writing songs together. Just everything like they were constantly together was a collectivist culture. So like I was willing to sacrifice for that because I knew they were just taught that way. It wasn't like they were being malicious. It was just they grew up in this church. They were taught this about women's role. And so I just kind of sucked it up and dealt with it and I I was willing to do that for the unity of the Church of the whole. Wow. It was painful though because I would accidentally pray because I'm used to praying and I would get like take it aside. They'd be like Liz stop. Okay. Okay, I mean I'd I don't want to sound judgmental of anyone but I mean that that is so toxic and I know that maybe you might choose to not take up too much anger on your own behalf for that sort of thing. But I have like this bubbling anger inside of me on your behalf. And it's funny because the analogy that were given in Purity culture is actually coming to me in this specific scenario. We know when they say you have a cup of water. Our that's perfectly pure but you put a little dirt and it and the entire cup is Tainted. That's actually how I feel about having a supposedly christ-centered edifying community-driven church and soiling it with the dirt of women's submission because telling you you're not even allowed to pray and communicate with your own Creator like the Divine on your own that's that's so Insidious and it's Insidious to your Spirit so and then also I call BS on the community aspect if they were so willing to kick you out for just having true questions true. That's true. Like yeah. I'm just sorry that you went through all of that. And also I mean just to encourage you I wonder how edifying being a missionary in that sort of atmosphere would have been because if you go And to be a missionary to preach the gospel to people but that gospel is Tainted with this elements of submission and sexism. Then what are you really bringing to that those people the same sexism the same like toxicity you looking back? I think it was almost a blessing because I think that I would have felt stifled over time. It was okay if it was one summer that it was years at a time where I wasn't allowed to teach us. As much as I because I'm such an ambitious leader teaching type person. Yeah, I mean until get my YouTube channel and I just like my personality as a female is just very very intense and ambitious and assertive so and it wasn't just that church in the u.s. Churches of Christ during our worship service women are not allowed to preach lead worship read scripture pray even pass. The Collection plates so a lot of people you could almost isn't my sexist but for me Catholicism is so feminists, like women can do everything when they can read scripture in front of the church leadership past the collection plates. They can be youth ministers campus ministers like besides being priests and Bishops. Everything else women can do women are so empowered and we can teach and lead and from the very beginning of Christianity women have been able to teach and Lead so So and I mean there's doctors of the church who are women so many women Saints. So a lot of people who may have grown up in a more balanced church will look at Catholicism and be like, oh it's so sexist, but for me from my perspective, I'd like this is amazing women are so empowered like I have a role in Catholicism. So that drastic difference has been the most refreshing thing. I remember the first time I ever went to mass and I saw women In front but playing the piano for worship and going up and reading a Bible verse. I was like wow, this is amazing. Oh my goodness provide experience. It was just such an economy. Wow. I mean that is wild and I don't I am not like a feminist in hating on with men or bashing anything or like being super angry about stuff like that's not my vibe, but But I just do have to ask the question that I could see coming through in the comment section, which is like a were you not then just like gorilla that was in a cage and now you're a gorilla that's in like a larger Sanctuary with a lot of grass but you're still you know, you're still limited away because and you can still enjoy and Thrive and like thank God. I'm so happy to hear that but does it bother you that in the highest? Ends our genitalia disqualifies us from being there in the Catholic church. This is a really good question. And I think that's a cool metaphor of like a gorilla with more graphs. Ha ha. I think that if I was a guy I would probably want to be a priest just my personality type. Yeah, but the way we view leadership its servant leadership. So the pope is the lowest person in the church. The Bishops are the lowest people in the the church because they're there to serve everyone else and to die to themselves. So I never viewed the pope or the Cardinals or the priest as kind of who surfing Authority from other people or pushing theology on them or taking all the power because we view leadership the lowest person and dying to yourself and dying for your church community so which I mean if you look at the very earliest Church the people who were getting Put in the Coliseum and eaten alive by beasts the most and burned to death by the Romans were the Bishops and the Pope's I mean if I'm reading a book on the history of the Pope's right now and in the 1st and 2nd centuries, like every five years there was a new pope because the leaders of the church were the ones getting killed the most. Oh my God. So, yeah, so now it's kind of when I say die for the people it's kind of a metaphorical thing, but throughout a lot of church history. They were the people who were literally dying for the communities because they were the leaders so I will say I don't know I guess for me. It didn't bother me because there were so many places for women, but I think it does bother it probably bothers some Catholics. I don't know how many but everyone I know like I'm a feminist so many my friends are feminists and it doesn't bother them just because they're servants for us, but I would say that when I did become Catholic I was wrong on so much I had to change my beliefs on so many things. So it was just one of like so many beliefs. I had to change my mind on. So the Catholic you have to admit that there is objective truth on so many things and we're going to have extreme disunity in the church. We're going to have 30,000 different churches within Christianity. Yeah enough people don't just died in themselves and bit I'm wrong on this one thing. Interesting. Yeah, and when you say die to self the first element that comes up to me is celibacy. Hmm. What are your thoughts or who has to be celibate first of all and just what are your thoughts on that? Hi, beautiful people. Yes. This is an ad but Spotify is something that I totally love on Spotify. You can listen to all your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of cast on every topic including the one you're listening to right now on Spotify can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode and premium users can download episodes and listen offline wherever you are, which is amazing. You can also easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for God is gray on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of God is gray. So currently in the western Catholic Church the majority of priests and Bishops are cell of it but there's the Eastern Rite of the church so Maronite Byzantine, there's different Eastern rights and their priests are buried so once you become a priest you can't get married, but you can be married before becoming a priest. Okay? Yeah, I think I did know that. Yes. Yeah. It's still in the Orthodox church today also if A convert. So if you're like an Episcopalian or you're an Anglican family and then you become Catholic you can become a priest and still have your family and have sex in your marriage. So that church history. There has been there have been married priests and celibate priest in around the like 3rd and 4th centuries. The reason celibacy became so popular is because the priests chose to be celibate. They wanted to be celibate. It's always been something uplifted. And so Beautiful. I mean Mary was a Perpetual virgin and say Paul like love celibacy if you read through 1st Corinthians Saint Paul is like everyone should be celibate like me. It's so freeing. You've all this time for Ministry. It's amazing. So I think that it's biblical. It's something that they chose but it's not something that's a mandate on the whole church like marriage is beautiful marriage is amazing celibacy is beautiful celibacy is amazing. So it's not a dichotomy. All okay. Yeah, and I hear you on all of that and it's interesting because I was learning more about the monks and from specific teachers podcasts are such an amazing resource to hear from all of these people like I never heard before so I coming from Purity culture obviously had a huge like just staying if not outright hatred for the idea of someone repressing someone's like so so heavy and so hurtful for me so many of my friends that hearing someone has to be celibate to be religious in any way was just like making my skin crawl but in listening to monks like I was and I wish I could remember his name but he's talking about celibacy and how orgasmic it actually is for him. But his relationship with God Is So profound and deep and his intimacy and his prayer life is so profound and deep that he feels Almost like an erotic pleasure from his station with God and I actually relate to that because when I get deep into prayer, it feels like I've been drinking wine like I get actually Intoxicated by prayer. Yeah, so I'm like I could see that shifting to eroticism and that's why I don't even push back too much on people talking about, you know, masturbating and prayer. R which is something that felt so Blasphemous to me and I you know, but at the same time when I think about what these people are saying about their celibacy and you know comparing these two to erotic experience as I'm like, well the Divine is very much so in our sexuality like ingrained in there and I could see it all blowing together, but that said I also had heard in the past that the That celibacy became something that wasn't just a personal choice for leaderships, like like priests. It was really because they wanted the inheritance of dead priests not go to families. They wanted it to go directly back into the church and that it was about the accumulation of wealth. And obviously if you look at the Vatican, I haven't been to the Vatican, but even just being in Italy and Venice seeing the insane. Shane amount of wealth that the Catholic Church obviously had and still continues to have you know, I have to wonder money is a very corruptive power. So it's like is money involved in that celibacy call or you know, are there some people that are corrupted in that or some people that are doing it out of their heart, you know what I mean? Well currently a lot of priests and religiously take vows of poverty so that like some priests in It just orders aren't even allowed to own cars. They don't even they don't even have access to their own Banks like Jesuits, for example, they make a lot of money. A lot of them are professors or Scholars, but all of their paycheck goes to the religious order. So when I come the wanting to be rich now, I think that that's not a thing but I definitely will agree with you that there's been so much corruption throughout church history. I mean a lot of Christians are human and can become evil and corrupt. So absolutely that makes Us with what you're saying, there's also this concept of pre specifically being married to their congregations just like in a fusion to talks about how Jesus is the bridegroom and the church is the bride. So it's the idea of priests being married to their congregation, which I think is so beautiful that all of their time can be spent with their Parish Community. I think it's beautiful. Well, yeah, I know but I totally understand what you're saying about the individuals themselves taking vows of poverty. But then their money is still going back to the order some talking more about like the corruptive power of the highest of the order that someone with a pure heart could come in with a poverty Spirit that's good. But then the corruption at the top and you know, I'm not familiar specifically with like what's currently going on. I'm sure there could be corruption. But yeah, it wasn't on it. No, it's okay. I mean, it's just something to consider which you know really comes down to the root of why I have such a hard time accepting theology as absolute truth from the mouths of fellow human beings and I know I'm just a human being obviously, but I really do believe in the Holy Spirit and our direct connection there so gonna get into that more later, but I think also just while we're on the uncomfortable topics of controversy. Let's just lean into the Ultimate which is celibacy potentially leading to all of the scandals that have happened in church and the terrible way the Catholic church has addressed that and I imagine this is a subject that you is not like a fun to address, but I just know and talking to a Catholic so many people are going to be like, why didn't you ask her about the pedagogy? Absolutely and it's like, okay. So let's just talk about it. And I think you already definitely addressed it by just saying that people are Fallible and obviously calling yourself a Christian evil. Yeah, even and calling yourself this title of a priest or whatever doesn't make you a holy person. It just makes you a person that called yourself a priest so that's not surprising. But what is I think so awful and shocking is the management of those grave grave crimes that occurred Dune. So do you like changes happening in the Church of this finally being addressed? Properly because I for one am furious that there's not more people in jail and prison for the rest of your lives for these things will all of this happened. I mean it came out originally in like 2000 2001 way before I became Catholic so I wasn't aware of it going in but last step not last summer, but the summer before the Pennsylvania report came out. You're probably familiar with it. Yeah, so I began doing intensive. Research into it and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops on their website. They have they did independent report. So they paid another organization to do independent reports of the entire sex abuse crisis. There's so many aspects of this. But the first thing is that a lot of people don't know this but the sex abuse crisis was the absolute worst in the 1960s and 70s. So it was increasing until the 1980s and then it's Spike down in the Use all the cases. So a lot of the reports came out around 2000 2001 but these were these were old old old cases. So that doesn't at all take away the evil that's going on but currently and since the 1980s onward there hasn't been a problem of sex abuse in the church. It's everything that happened in the past. So obviously you need to deal with everything that happened in the past. Even if someone was sexually assaulted decades ago. It's still attacking their life. It's still even Well, we still need to put priest in jail and do lawsuits ultimately so many priests and Bishops and Pope's will be in hell and get that punishment from God, but there also needs to be a punishment on Earth. So absolutely I mean, I'm not familiar with everything but what the reports the independent reports did come out with is that their reason for the sex abuse was not a celibacy that wasn't the main reason that it happened which I think is really important because Sofia People say that celibacy cause the sex abuse crisis but the reports concluded that that wasn't the reason so what was the reason? The sexual Revolution they believe that was the reason wait. No, I have to know I encourage you to read them. No, please tell me more about this because I am going to push back on that so hard I think but I want to hear what what yes. Have them linked below. Yeah, of course. Okay. And also is it possible to link below my video where I talked about this? Yeah. Sure. I went more in-depth into it. I think this is such a complicated issue and I'm probably not the best person to deal with it. One of my favorite Catholic Bishops Bishop there and he's on the internet and you wrote an entire book talking about this. So if anyone really wants to research it in depth, I'm probably not the best person to talk about it. That's okay with in these reports. A lot of people said that the reason for Or it is celibacy and my main issue with that is that if someone is married if a man is married to his wife and they're having sex in the marriage. Do you really think that someone who would be willing to sexually rape a child or a teenager? Do you think that same person wouldn't rape their wife and barrage if you're that evil of a person it just seems like taking that person and having them marry someone. Is it going to take away the problem if you're willing to reach someone would you really be better in marriage? The issue is that pedophilia is a very specific sexual dysfunction Leo. Also wasn't the problem. Well understands majority of cases were on prepubescent boys who were like 16 to 18. So pedophilia also wasn't the problem. It wasn't the celibacy and it wasn't even Pedophilia, which is shocking but that would be in the statutory rape category. Like what age does it transfer from pedophilia and to statutory rape? I'm not exactly sure of the exact age, but I recommend just reading the reports because they have so many graphs and they just go really in depth into into it. Okay, so I'm just going to push back on the the argument that if someone is not willing to rape their wife and marriage that that would be a sign that they wouldn't go Side of their house and do the same. First of all, I've watched so many serial killer documentaries and stuff which I do not recommend. It's very dark path to go. But I have a lot of Education because of it on you know, the the mass that people put on a lot of times people show their best face or they show, you know, a warped version of themselves that only exists, you know in their marriage and in the way that they present themselves societally like Ted Bundy as a a perfect example when they found out he murdered all these people they were like all of his friends and neighbors were shocked. His wife was shocked. He wasn't misbehaving in the confines of the life that he created to have this on for the world and and rape is not about sex. It's about power and when it comes down to everyone sexuality, it's not an orientation. It's definitely a dysfunction the desire to violate other people's most of the report. Included is that homosexuality was also not the cause there were a lot of people who concluded. Oh, we shouldn't have gay priests because of this but the report concluded that it was not because of celibacy. It wasn't because of homosexuality. It wasn't because of pedophilia. So that's really important to see as well as a horrible understanding of the situation. That's not what happened. Well, it's also a horrible understanding of homosexuality that so obscene accurate like yeah again, because because I think the main in distinction that's that we need to make is that if someone has the urge to be a rapist or a pedophile that urge will not be satiated in the environment of consensual sex. So so it's not about oh these men were married so they could have obviously just satiated that in the marriage know they obviously have this drive that is incredibly dysfunctional and terrible and that's why it doing any Homosexuality is also so incredibly inaccurate and very offensive to the lgbtq always obvious because again, it's all about consent. These are not consensual experiences. It has nothing to do with your orientation that said who made this report research conducted by the John Jay College of Criminal Justice the City University of New York. Okay, so the USCCB which is the United States Conference of Catholic Catholic Bishops and the Catholic church had nothing to do with the study was an independent study, which I think is so important and I mean, yeah, that's very very important. Well, I would be curious to learn more about this because I will buy that it has nothing to do with celibacy or homosexuality homosexuality, obviously because that is a grave misunderstanding of homosexuality. Just. But the celibacy part. I do believe that sexual repression can make people do some dark and dirty. Things I do believe that it has the ability to warp your mind in ways that you wouldn't expect and that said it's hard for me to believe that a report or study could actually quantify the results of celibacy on the human psyche that said I would still buy that it might not have been celibacy in many cases because again having sex without consent is all about power. This one doesn't come down to necessarily even the sexual drive. It is about something completely different. So but that said, I do believe that sexual repression can lead to some really dirty evil result. Some more thing. I want to say is that the Catholic Church keeps records of absolutely everything. So there's also sex abuse going on in Protestant churches and oh, yeah Cox churches and education system, but we keep records of absolutely everything. So that's why it seems like the numbers are so much higher in the Catholic church. Just because We've unveiled the numbers of what's going on and been honest about it. Whereas other organizations don't keep the records rights, but then that begs the question why in the hell was it managed the way that it was terribly like transferring priests from one Church literally to another with no warning of who this person is like they were not only not prosecuted but they were not removed from their positions. Absolutely. So this psychiatrists at the time recommended that they were going to non-catholic psychiatrist, and they said that after therapy sessions with psychiatrist, you could cure the tendency in them to rape teenagers. So for some reason psychiatrist back, then were recommending it non-catholic psychiatrist secular mental health professionals were recommending it and said that you could cure it so that the scene I don't know how possibly they could be saying. I would believe that too because the sex education and understanding of sex has been so limited for so many generations and that is very much. So true and secular culture as much as good culture that said still makes me want to throw my middle fingers up and say aren't you in communication with the master of the universe? Were you not receiving your Divine wisdom that you needed to protect these children and get these people to hell away from them. I'm not buying that passed the blame onto someone else if you have divine revelation. Mmm. I just I mean, I just it's really infuriating because it's destroyed so many lives and even people like if they had a recommendation from a psychiatrist or a psychologist, there are still hundreds. If not thousands of cases of abuse of power through non-consensual sex, whether Pedophilia or adult people. So is that to imply that at the very very top tier of the church, they receive this information and that information trickled down to all the churches. Yeah again, I don't think I have all the answers about this. I really recommend reading the bishop Baron book where he went into it and to read the studies of what happened. But obviously, it's absolutely just so evil and traumatic and harmful and Two summers ago when the Pennsylvania report came out it was hundreds of pages. There were so many details of what happened and I remember myself and so many of the Catholics in my life just like crying and crying and crying and getting physically sick and not even being able to process that a church could do this to so many children and exactly it's like if the priest had just been immediately removed dozens of lives would not have been An affected by thousands that exactly except but I'm talking about like with one priest individually. Oh, yeah. Yeah, but overall like thousands of children and teenagers would not have been very been sexually assaulted and affected by it. So it's just impossible to understand why you think that if one time someone raped someone why would you keep them as a priest? You know, they should have been automatically defrocked and not allowed to be a priest anymore. So coming into all of this. It was just this was actually in 2018. I was confirmed in March and then I think in June or July the Pennsylvania report came out. Wow, and it was it was crazy that I was just a newly Catholic and suddenly all of this evil information is coming out and I was suddenly almost a leader because of my YouTube channel and having to talk about this and help explain it to people and I think the best thing that I did was just explain that homosexuality was not the cause celibacy was not the cause but especially homosexuality because I think that there's so much stigma surrounding it and it's so important to say that Being gay is not the cause. You're not more likely to rape someone because you were gay obviously and it's horrific than anyone thinks that and is spreading that message and I mean, I deeply appreciate that you as a Catholic used your voice to say that that's inaccurate because that is so important. Yeah and currently today. I believe the Catholic church is the safest place for children because we have put so many things in place for this to never happen again. A single person who works for the church who leads Worship in church who read scripture in front of the church because the Eucharistic Minister has to go through this like ours long class called protecting God's children. We really learn about all the signs of a pedophile of someone raping someone and how to report it and like I cried so much during the class because they shared so many personal stories and we had to talk about it in depth and there's so many rules where a child is never allowed to be alone with one adult there always have to be two adults and in any Catholic event. The doors are always locked unless you're currently using a room the doors are locked. So there's no way to be alone with a child. So there's just so many rules now that have been put into place and I'm so proud that from now on from the 1980s onward. This isn't going to happen again at the That it well people immediately get fired. It's the safest place for children now, so I'm I mean listen I have to say I am so grateful to hear that because Protestant denomination is not taking it anywhere near as seriously and I know it happens there many people in the God is great Community right me that have been raped by pastors preachers teachers that they trusted and I do not see anyone taking it seriously like theirs there's so much pragmatism to the Catholic church. I can tell that they put their money where their mouth is when there's an issue. It's like faced head-on and that includes the issues of Doctrine, you know, when there are advancements in technology or like birth control which will get into eventually, you know that they are actually facing that head-on in addressing it and looking at it from many perspectives versus just like being like, oh, here's one Bible verse like the Protestants do I'm not Satisfied with plucking Bible verses anymore. I want to know way more deeply if you're telling me something that is creating cognitive dissonance in the I want to know way more than a Bible verse last thing I want to bring up is you said it was a result of the sexual Revolution. I know we could talk about this for hours. I know that kind of an audacious Claim by get that. Well, it's okay and also just to clarify for everyone listening. I hope you know that I'm not trying to go hard on you and I'm not excited. Absolutely. Not yeah, I'm not expecting you to like answer for the entire Catholic Church just because it resonated with you at a certain point in your life and you're loving it now, but, you know, the righteous anger that I have coming out is just absolutely not directed towards you at all. And that said I'm not asking you to just justify every claim that's made but I am curious saying it's about the sexual Revolution. Is that to imply that? Because Society had a concepts of free love and promiscuity was more acceptable excetera that these priests were compelled to react to that by having non-consensual sex with people. I guess it's you know, the smallest minority of the population can take something too far. It's kind of like how a lot of people I don't know if this is a good analogy at all, but people will say that that I just maybe don't include this in the video. I was going to say people think that video games or having more guns available. It doesn't necessarily that's not the reason for shootings. But violent video games and being able to access more like automatic weapons will lead to more shootings. That doesn't it need that video games are inherently wrong or guns are inherently wrong. Although me personally. I'm very liberal and I wish we had a lot more gun. Ages but the sexual Revolution there's this minority of people who take unrestrained sex way too far to equal and then there's this minority of people who take automatic weapons be easily accessible and they take that way too far and cause these horrific Slaughter earrings and shootings. So I think that could be an analogy where there's this minority of people who take it too far and take it to commit equal now, I love that analogy and I think it's applicable. Clickable, if you don't mind me including it like hey, I don't think you said anything wrong, but I think I pushed back on this so hard because I feel in the church. We have so often like correlated sin and evil to quote culture and sexual Revolution is a part of the culture something that was happening. I obviously I was very promiscuous at a time. I don't live that way anymore. I've made a lot. Lot of conclusions on that in my own and most of them are just around, you know, the respect and love and adoration I have for other people and not wanting to objectify them sexually or diminish someone to a sexual object for my pleasure that said it's like sexual Revolution. No holds bar sex with everybody hookup culture Etc. I'm not about that life and like I would love to steer people away from it as much as possible because I know that there's pain and nuts like there's a lot of pain and Culture, there's also a lot of pain and hookup culture and I will address that 100% but that said I think too often the church will take what I see is just an opportunity for them to create like more stigma or shame around sexuality and being free with your sexuality. That's why I hesitate to just let that slide as like, oh, yeah, that sounds right because the comparison you're making with guns and everything is it's like it's true sucks. Like nothing else has the most incredible power to do absolute good or absolute evil. Like you can have Heaven touching Earth making love with somebody that God is like dwelling in both of you and it's beautiful or you can irreparable damage someone's soul and the dichotomy of that is just amazing. It's like two sides of the spectrum, but that said, it's just completely Sexual freedom and emancipation is going to lead all this darkness is not fair in my opinion. And I don't think that's why it happened because again pedophilia and non-consensual sex rape are not about sexual desire necessarily. It's like from what I know. They say it's always about power. So I don't know. I mean again, I'm like acknowledging you don't have to answer for all of this commend reading like the 200-page study the John Jay report. You did this. Okay lot of all right amazing and I met would love to read that. I'm very very curious. Okay, maybe let's lighten up a little bit. Okay. Look everybody Shake It Off get a little pallet cleanser. Your you are saving a sexual experience for marriage or for never if I never get married. Okay? Yeah. Yeah, and I'm I mean, I think it's amazing that you walk out what you talked about. I obviously am very familiar with the doctrine and how and why you've come to that conclusion for your life. And I deeply honor and respect that. I feel like people's burning question would be like his it hard. You've been in a three-year relationship. Yeah, you know, there's so many YouTube videos about like boundaries and dating and I've heard so many horny messages from non-denominational pastors that are like, you know, my wife the best sex ever. It's just like over-sexualized. I'm just curious would you be comfortable sharing your journey? A of like difficulty or whatever. So I'm not at all like girl defined where I'm against kissing before marriage. Okay each other and we cuddle and we have a physical relationship but for us personally, it's not that hard because we're very logical people and neither of us are impulsive or we don't have like addictive personalities or hedonistic and I don't say that in a negative way like It's beautiful that people are impulsive and more emotional. But neither of us are like emotional people were very rational and logical next step for us. Okay. Yeah for us. It's pretty easy and I think that because we're definitely against birth control and contraception if we had sex we could get pregnant. Yeah. I think that that's a really good. I mean it's like we would never use Is that so we could easily get pregnant? So that's an easy thing and easy way but I would say to that. I prayed a lot at the beginning of our relationship that we would stick to those boundaries and like early on in our relationship when we were you know, the most passionate about it. I would pray even while we were kissing like as for kissing or making out like I would pray that we would maintain those boundaries but I like that. Yeah, so, I mean that's like inviting. Out into your sex life and I'm all about that. Yeah, we agreed that praying won't make you doubt that such a Christian thing world must be so weird. Everyone's like you weird nerds, you know, it's funny because in the in the completely opposite way, I guess but like I was so compartmentalised with my sexuality because I was having promiscuous sex and like not I actually genuinely had the feeling that At when I would go into my bedroom to have sex with somebody that I be like God you stay out here like literally close the door and be like don't come in here. I'm sinning, you know, and I see it very differently now, but also I realize how tragic that was for me to do because it compartmentalised me into a sexual being and a spiritual being and I truly believe those should always be aligned for every elements of your health, especially your sexual and spiritual health um so yeah I'm just saying that's cool I like it this is also a good segue into the birth control conversation because you I don't know if you know this might have been a slip-up but you said it would be very easy for us to get pregnant so what do you mean it would be easy crew say again you said if we have sex it would be very easy for us to get pregnant what was I saying that in context you're right I could have like to know my scripted video it was like an outline to video and not a scripted so I think I easily could have made a mistake and so no I mean you said it right now to me you said instead of just know yeah which I'm not I'm not holding you are not using birth control or contraception but you're saying it's harder to get pregnant no I'm just saying I'm not holding your feet to the fire on this but my the what I'm bringing up right now is that you you said that it would be easy to get pregnant if you guys were not using birth control and I only say that Too kind of segue into it to be like, yes, that's the anxiety that people have when they're having sex without birth control. And if the anxiety you feel about having a baby is not just casual. It's not just like oh that would be kind of difficult. Like I felt casually afraid of getting a pregnant which is why I wasn't using birth control and I was being stupid and now I have a baby and when I say being stupid, I mean Mean using the pull out method like the least effective method of birth control. So I obviously wasn't in a dire circumstance where my finances would be in grave risk, although if you watched my video rebuttal to you. I did all of a sudden realize after I was pregnant that it could cost up to $120,000 which actually would have demolished my financial life. Like that would be that would demolish my financial life. I would be in debt for God knows how long trying to pay that off. So Yeah, maybe I take back my sentiment and be like pregnancy was an enormous risk for me financially, but there are people that have it much worse not only do 70 percent of abortion clients say that they did it because of finances but a huge majority of those same people already had children and that's why I hate Ben Shapiro's conversations money to The Compassion. Yes, and he comes off like people are always saying that he's like balanced and he's you know, he cares about women and everything but it's the most misogynistic approach that he takes always being like well you just should have kept her legs shut and you're just like dude shut up. These people having abortions are women that are looking at their three existing children weeping and saying what am I going to do? I can't do this and bringing another child into her life with a hundred and twenty thousand dollar debt is not having maternity leave. well we don't have maternity leave mandated in the country yeah it's true so she might lose her job whatever so she was making that sacrifice so many of these women and I've watched videos of heard stories and person who are like I am sacrificing this child within me so I can provide for my actual children that I'm looking in the face right now so all of that said I am going to kind of hold your feet to the fire of saying it would be easy because I'm just curious do you actually believe getting pregnant is still so easy when you're utilizing natural Family Planning which is what you guys would use yeah do you believe it's easy to get pregnant under that method hmm so there was a German study which we can also link below and they said the natural Family Planning when done correctly which is difficult to do correctly can write you know you don't just like take a pill every morning you take your temperature every morning you look this is kind of like graphic but you look at your cervical mucus Yeah, you guys watching but I think that's kind of odd, but there's even something you can do where you pee on something and then put it in a machine and it tells you exactly when you're ovulating. So anyways, we're at a point now where I think it's like 99.5 percent success rate or something just as much as the birth control pill if done correctly. So natural Family Planning is extremely extremely accurate how we're doing, but one thing I want to say because As you just said a lot of things I thought of a lot of things so my boyfriend and I if we are Protestant would have been married by now, but because we believe because it's so difficult to bring a baby into the world and to afford that and everything. We're posting back marriage until we reach at a better financial situation because he is currently a PhD student so he doesn't have like a full income. He has his stipend obviously but together we're not The financial state that we want to be in but we're bringing a baby into the world. So we're not going to get married and not going to have sex until we're at that Financial level. Does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. But it also goes to show how concerned you are that you could get pregnant by accident, which I think is a really important thing to realize are you you know, it probably wouldn't be dire. I would obviously that would be an interesting. YouTube video for you to come out and be like so I slipped up it kind of is diary for me because I have bipolar disorder type. Wow, we're severe so I'd have to go up all of my bipolar meds. If I got pregnant with well could I mean I have suicidal thoughts and stuff and I do dangerous things and manic episode. So it literally could be life-threatening. So that's another reason why even though it's like this 99% success rate like that 1% is I am off my meds. So I want to be at a really healthy place. But yeah getting married in like the smallest possibility of being pregnant. Gotcha. Sorry for assuming that it wouldn't be a big deal for you know, I really appreciate you sharing that with me because that I mean that's why it's also interesting the debate because you know, you are so not fearful you are being very like pragmatic and intelligence about it and I do commend that and I think but I But it's interesting that you still are. So wary of pregnancy despite npf and like your ability to actually do that every morning and be strategic about it just shows me that you're concerned. The method isn't as effective as presented and then be a logical for me like I believe that well, yeah marriage and having a child is like so intertwined. So when I get married I want to immediately get pregnant. That's how I view. Theologically, okay. So some people are less conservative than I am and they view it as and the church does allow you to like once you get married wait to have children, but I'm more conservative about it and I view it as when I get married. I should be ready to have a child so that right part of it too. It's not only like fear and getting pregnant which I don't like the phrase here and getting pregnant because well, yeah, I know I know I know but obviously like it is a risk to people with health conditions. The stuff but yeah, I just view it as when I get married. I should have you want to have a child because sex and marriage are intertwined with each other. Okay. Yeah, and I'm a very mystical Christian. So I relate to that reason far more than you know, the former but I'm just I just want to point out that there does seem to be a wariness around that method and I don't worry you still feel like it's your research into it either because when you get married Like this big deal in Catholicism you have to do like marriage sessions with your Precinct go on Retreats and do like two months of NFP classes. So Rocky the more I learned about it. I would be less wary. So I love that you're saying that they offer these comprehensive courses on natural Family Planning and how to do it. That's amazing education to Tory that's amazing education is incredibly empowering sexual education within the church. That's actually fact-based. Taste is all I love hearing that however, I think the biggest push back and my problem with the doctrinal belief and and telling the whole world just you know blanket statement. We the Catholic Church are against birth control natural Family Planning is the only way that people that are not as resourceful. I don't want to say intelligent but you know, don't there are more ignorant. They don't have access to the information that have more they're just doing their life they're living their life they have kids already they're running around the house and they just want to have sex with her husband every once in a while you know and they forget to take their temperature they don't even know exactly how it works all they know is I'm not allowed to use birth control not allowed to use condoms the my problem is the saying we're against birth control could play to the highest denominator of people that are really engrossed in the church that are going to have access to this MDF course and it will work out beautifully for those people but by the time it trickles down to the Casual Catholic that just heard the pope say we're against this and then translates that to like now I'm not using any form of protection I don't know about npf and it could lead to really really dire circumstances again for people and I also am just like why do you care men The fathers of the church and I think this is the thing that I was said was going to our main disagreement. I am not about listening to this group of men that I've never met that have never met me tell me what is right for my body my sexuality and my reproduction and I'm not saying that in the feminist way of like her a abortions. I'm saying it in the way of like am I not capable of being still with the Holy Spirit and in my own into it intuition and my own communication figure out what's best for me and just live accordingly. Why do you have to be in my sex life to this degree? Well to respond to one of your earlier points. I want to be clear about the NFP. So if you get married if you have a Catholic wedding, you have to take the NFP course, so I understand there are some people who won't do the NFP right, but they take in those courses and I have subscribers all around the world and I've Messages from Brazil Mexico, Uganda India, they have NFP classes to that are mandatory. So as far as I know globally everyone has to take maybe not in every country. But in a lot of countries, everyone does take the NFP classes and an amazing so much education about it. So that's awesome. Yeah, but I would also say that to understand the no birth control and no contraception teaching you have to understand our Higher sexual ethics which could be a five hour conversation. Yeah, so it doesn't make sense to not use contraception. If you're having sex before marriage. It doesn't make sense to not have contraception. If you don't understand that sex is you to live in procreative. It doesn't make sense to have no contraception. If you don't understand the entire teaching magisterium of the church and why we have tradition and why Sola scriptura is wrong. It's like a four-hour conversation to understand everything. So I think when you Look at this as just one part of our sexual ethics. It doesn't make sense because you're not seeing everything as a whole and then I would also respond by saying that just because men are saying it doesn't mean that it's not true and we her yeah, we believe that the apostles are the ones who taught the next generation of Christians and that Jesus taught the apostles. So I want to read a Bible verse real quick that that talks about the need for oral tradition. so this is from 2nd Thessalonians 2:15 so this is Saint Paul talking and he says brothers and sisters stand firm and hold fast to the Traditions that you were taught by us either by word of mouth or by our letter so he's commanding them to go by teachings that were said orally and this is in the Bible so we believe that the apostles taught the next generation of Christians and that Jesus taught the apostles so it's not just like turtle lien in the second century coming up with something but we believe that it traces back to Jesus and that it was passed down from there so a lot of people see like when I was Protestant I saw a Catholic tradition is just like making something up in the 4th Century or like making it up in the 1800s yeah but we think that it actually traces back to Jesus and everyone tune in to me and Lizzie is collaboration because we're going to dive into all of this Hurt you. It won't I won't muddy this conversation with that conversation. I think the last thing I need to say on this or bring up is the AIDS epidemic in Africa because like tragically horribly a lot of that was traced back to Catholic ministers and people coming into that region and saying birth control was a moral and not allowing people to use condoms. Seems I have a huge problem with that. I'm realizing this is what it comes down to for me like your personal held beliefs are so beautiful to me and the way you honor the tradition and the way you honor and believe that these teachings are passed down from Jesus and that these are honorable people that are doing their best to interpret how Jesus would react to things like birth control. I'm just looking in the real world and the results that that kind of teaching has on. and people that are not as educated as you are on these subjects this is Mo to me it's like look at the fruits the fruits of this anti condom Doctrine led to death led to Des has led two innocent children being born with HIV it's a disaster and I just have to question the morality of that I have to say how could they have come into that region doing that and I'm sure it might have been done with all the purity of their heart with all the understanding that you're bringing to the table but when you offer it to the masses and it gets trickled down it comes down to people being like Oh God doesn't want me to use a condom so I'm not going to and this is where we are honestly I don't think I'm educated enough on the situation to give a good response just because this happened way before I became Catholic and I mean I read and research every single day to understand more and more about our history and archaeology so one thing I will say though is that even Kris can teach the faith in a wrong way so like I said you need to have a for our conversation to explain to put contraception into context maybe they didn't have that for our conversation and that's why it led to that because if someone came in and they said we're against birth control and contraception but then they didn't say oh by the way also only have sex in marriage oh by the way use NFP oh by the way way you don't have to have 15 kids to be Catholic like if they didn't explain all of that that could have led to it so maybe they were missing before our conversation and explaining it in a horrible way that's the only thing that I could think up I mean yeah I completely agree that's what I'm saying it's like the trickle-down of that Doctrine has been it's not explain well yeah so it's like the doctrinal complicated it is and I have this like dream of meeting the current pope actually really I really hated when you ask him a question I would ask a million questions I have a magnet of him on my fridge and it's like my mom like wanted me to UND a sir I'm sure it's not sir but yeah I think it's something that needs to be addressed like maybe something that's like if you are a deeply entrenched and you know exactly what we're talking about take on this doctrinal principle but when you're going out into the world spread it to the masses maybe shut up about that because when given on a mass scale when it trickles down the message is not received properly at all and it's dangerous and leads to death yeah I agree that you have to explain the for our version and I think that it's horrible catechesis when that doesn't happen in the u.s. 90 percent of Catholics use contraception so clearly we're not doing a good job teaching about birth control or contraception with this vide people it's so funny that's yeah that's really funny could actually add one more thing about birth control yeah for sure okay so we talked before about the sexual Revolution and I think that one of the main results of the sexual Revolution and of a birth control culture is that and I don't want to be insensitive to you at all because I think that you having a baby and your partner and you are raising is it a her or him or damn you and your partner have a beautiful healthy relationship and you're raising him together but because of the sexual Revolution a lot of people are having children outside of marriage and the relationship doesn't work out and the child is growing up without both of their biological parents and one in four children in the u.s. don't have their father as a part of their life and are not getting to grow up in a home with the Father which is heartbreaking and so I think the Catholic church has intention of Lee having sex in marriage and you and birth control is not an option like how I talked about my boyfriend and I had like we can get pregnant. So having birth control there's an option. It's tempting for people to have sex outside of marriage and it's tempting for them to use sex as only being about the unity of the relationship only about bonding and not also about having children. And so I think we're trying to create a society where children are raised by both of their biological parents and reborn into homes of couples who are ready to have a baby whether that is emotionally financially or the strengthen their relationship. So it's all about the children and wanting the children to have a healthy way of growing up. So and I'm not at all saying that if you are a single parent or if you're not married that you can't raise a child in the healthy way, obviously you can like so many children growing up their parents are divorced or so many single moms or single dads or An amazing job raising their children, but I think that ideally it's so amazing to grow up with both of your biological parents as part of your life. So I don't know does that make sense? I think that that's beautifully said and I'm glad that you wrapped it up by saying that but at the top of our conversation a lot of my deeply held beliefs or biases about the Catholic church was that they have a repressive sexual ethic because of their feelings on a celibacy and birth control, but you just describing that and explaining it actually is beautiful and makes me feel like the leadership isn't just this corruptive power and I think that bias comes a lot from my experience. I do feel that the sexual ethic quote unquote of Evangelical Christianity is incredibly repressive. We don't know we don't know why we're doing it. We don't know for what but we're just like I guess some singers of my I don't know why. doing this like it's not as deep it's not as beautiful and it's definitely not child base like you're saying like that's a very logical beautiful explanation for why faith-based people would actually view sex that way and wanted to be kept within marriage because of exactly everything you just said and I'm glad that obviously you offered the distinction that you honor and celebrate single parents and parents that are in different situations because that does not mean you're just totally screwed your child's going to be awful yeah I have a million more questions I could ask you yes on with this conversation and I wasn't expecting it to get so heavy but I'm glad that it did because I know Catholic church has a very bad rap for these reasons and I obviously was incredibly bothered by their mishandling of Scandal and also you know the result of this Doctrine about birth control is no Clarity on it was really great. And I'd love to hear from you all in the comment section what you're thinking of this video be freaking nice. I don't want to see any negativity about Lizzie and her beliefs. Like if you have a dissenting idea or like you have friction with what she's saying, you can frame it in a kind way. Trust me. I do it in life Lizzie. Does it in her life and it's possible you'll feel better about yourself and we might actually answer questions. Because it's like framed in a kind inviting way the challenge you all to do that with these challenging topics. All right. Well, thank you so much. This was such a wonderful conversation Lizzie can everybody find you on social media Etc. So my Instagram and Twitter are my first and my last name Lizzie Ruiz a allies Easy ier E Za y 4 and my YouTube channel is Lizzie's answers. We love you. All of you. All. God bless.