On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode. All right, Anthony, so let's start at the beginning. So how did you get into yo-yo link? Um, actually it's kind of similar or there's some overlap with them Jake Block Story. Okay, being that it was kind of through Astro Jack's in a way. So I I mean like I had a yo-yo as a kid in like the late 90s maybe but it was just a toy for me then and and I like I didn't use it for a while or didn't know. Like the yo-yo Community right? But then I think I found a stray Jack's maybe through like a commercial or something and and then a little later like through that I think I found some yo-yoing videos and I think he mentioned like Brian Koski to and I think I saw one of one of his videos and like that was maybe an earlier. Yeah earlier exposure, I guess for me and then I think I just kind of started to stumble upon like other yo-yoing websites and like finding finding out that there's competitions and all that. So yeah, I guess that's kind of my initial start and then I met some local yo. Yo, yo, where's around 2005? So that's kind of like my official start year for me. I guess. Yeah, and it always definitely always helps to like find people that are into it just because like the learning curve so much. Occur when you have somebody looking at you and going on just change this little thing that makes that trick a lot easier. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. Yeah. So then how was that progression into odd? How did that progression kind of go into competitive yo-yoing. Um, I think it was it was actually pretty quick. I was thinking about like how long it took for me to compete and I think I think I started like August 2005 was kind of when I really started to get into yo-yo and more like and I bought a dark magic and I might have had an offstring yoyo like a Aquarius or something and then maybe early 2006. I went to the Southern Californian are California yo-yo contest which isn't like a state or Regional it's just like a small local contest. So I think that was my first contest and I did like novice senior Sports ladder or something like that and he'll start. Yeah and like I think you're also allowed to do freestyles like both sport slider and freestyle, so I did off string and it probably wasn't that good. But that was like my my first contest and I guess it's Pretty much downhill from there just kept going to more and more and then got older and was able to travel and you know, so yeah, that's about that. How did that progression go like over time? So like I know you kind of started as a novice, but you definitely build up and got got pretty high up there. So how did that progression look for you? Yeah. I don't know. I think it's like you just you start somewhere and I was like, okay like this happened, you know, I placed her. Or you know, wherever you play it straight and then it's like okay like I can work on these things next time and then you just try to get better and better. I guess like it didn't really it wasn't like I had very specific goals or I was like super competitive or anything like that. But yeah, I think it I just kept doing it and then eventually I think it kind of clicked maybe like 2009 more likely. 2008 early 2009 it was when I started to get really good at 1A and I think I'm one like my regional or something in 2009 and on that was also when I was in world's finals I think for the first time so that was kind of like my my Turning Point here. Yeah. So yeah, then I know after that and he had a couple pretty successful outings at the national contest as well. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, I think those like the later 2000s and early 2010's. I was pretty active that was probably when I was at my most competitive like actually going the contest and being like, okay, like I think I could maybe win, you know are like I can place for sure, you know. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, maybe but I think overall like I just it's more of a Personal thing like I again, I'm not like super competitive. It's I usually try to just sit like a personal goal. It might change from contest a contest, but I think now I'm or just if I do compete which like I don't know like how much I love compete still but if I do decide to it's more so just for the fun of it or like I don't know like I'll go to just try to make top five or like I want to do an artsy or looking freestyle or something. It's not like this very like rigid competitive like feeling every time yeah, and I mean it definitely shows like I know it it worlds. They had scales Collective had their little contest and I remember you making a post that you did a freestyle and you put it together like 10 minutes before the actual contest and know what I saw that it was awesome. So it definitely is working. Yeah. So it's kind of funny because I'm always say that I'm not too competitive. But then when I'm planning a freestyle, I'll I'll be like, ah, like I can make it better still like I gotta put in like more points and thing, you know, I'll be like studying the trading system or but so this I'm always kind of like battling myself to whether I'm gonna be chill about it or actually like try harder. It's them. Yeah cool. So let's move the conversation on a little bit dear style. So like if you had to sum Your style up. I know that's a heavy question. But if you had to sum your style up, how would you do it? Yeah, it's kind of its kind of difficult because like I'd like to think that I have a kind of like well-rounded style. I think people probably recognize like I don't know like a certain flow that I have or like certain body tricks or something that I've done in the past. But um, Yeah, I think like a lot of my tech and like initial tricks were influenced by people like you Spencer or John and oh, so yeah, it's kind of like like that was like the core of my my style when I was first developing it and then it's kind of just evolved from there. I think recently. I've been more interested in just Simple things and movement and not so much like making the most technical tricks. Like I think it's cool. If you can try the, you know reinvent like a really really simple trick but make it look fresh again. That's kind of like something I'm interested in. Yeah. Yeah. I think that kind of comes down to like, I know your art see cuz your graphic designer, right? Yeah. Yeah. So like that's definitely going to appeal and I think you do a nice job with that of just taking that simple thing. Make it look clean and different but you know what it is. Hmm. Yeah, always appreciate that kind of that kind of stuff. So I know you talked about your influences, but did you have any mentors in the area Community growing up or even just coming up through? Yeah, I guess going back to like the people that I met early on in yo-yoing. There is a I think a lot of people know about this so like besides DXL Besides those meats. There was a Yoshi Mikimoto who worked at like this kite shop at in Redondo Beach, California, and he did like this old yo-yos there at the kite shop and like every Saturday they would have these meetups. So there's Yoshi. There is Grant Johnson Patrick board reading. Who else Alex ettore, so there's like a lot of similar items. Yeah, a lot of people that would hang out there. So I think all those guys and others were like pretty influential in the kind of like mentors in a way. Yeah, cool. Alright, so kind of moving on from like mentors and in the past two, are you currently watching and who like, who do you look to for inspiration and tricks right now? That's a good question. I feel like I'm always like scrolling through Instagram and like just seeing random things, you know, but um, I don't know there's like there's too many names. That's why honest I think that's one of the good thing about Instagram is you can just scroll you can see like 40 different styles and 40 different posts and get a little bit of everything. Yeah, like I feel like there's not like any one or two names. Is where I'm like whoa, like, you know, they have a style that nobody else has and it's like so like completely new the me. Maybe it's just because I've been yo-yoing a while but I feel like there's a lot of even just younger kids are newer kids that still have, you know, pretty legit tricks. So there's definitely a lot of content that it's just kind of floating around out there. That's pretty inspiring. Yeah cool. So I kind of jumped around a little bit, but let's Let's talk about your creative process. So I want to talk about this in a couple different ways one. I want to talk about like whatever you were really into competing what your creative process looked like then versus like now that you're kind of in that let's just kind of see what what happens. Yeah. It's like let's start like when you were when you were building up for Nationals and you are you were you said you weren't the most competitive person but let's be real your eye and up a Podium spot. So let's see ya. What's your process look like they're sort of like building a routine and then we'll talk about like actual practice. Yeah, so I think like a lot of people music music choice is really important. Right and then usually like after you've been competing a while you kind of have your set like base tricks, I guess that you can pull from and then there's like some variation depending on you know, just where you are currently in your competitive career like em, you know deciding how many new tricks or what kind of Do you want to have of that particular contest or you know how risky you want to make things? So but I guess like as far as how much I would practice it. I prefer I guess practicing in shorter shorter periods over a longer period of time and that makes sense kind of like when I you put that 10 minute break in at work, you know you do like for you to work and you're like I'm going on Facebook for 10 minutes. Yeah. Like I don't know I can't stand like I don't know like some people say like, oh like I've yo-yo for hours like every day for like this line. I'm like, no. I can't I can't see that. It's too much. Yes, like I'll just get frustrated and like sick of it. So but I guess I just get to a point where the the freestyles just like super comfortable and I'm hitting you know, everything like at least, you know, like I'm very high percentage like I don't like 90s. Pretend that I'm like I can do the freestyle perfectly almost or maybe not perfectly but pretty close, right? Yeah. And yeah, so I prefer practicing like that instead of a ya doing these crazy like multi our sessions design sessions. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I definitely see the advantage to both like I think a good example I had the other day. I was working on this one track and I could not figure it out. I spent like an hour on it put the io down for maybe four hours or like basically. The rest of the day picked it up landed on the first try and it's like yes, sometimes you need that. You need that reset. So it's a cool weighted the look about it. So let's talk about like your yo-yoing now. So what is what does it look like when you pick up a yo-yo? It's a I think I was joking with with Karen Karen Cooper about it. Like it's very very casual and like yeah, not not very well-planned. I'm just like vibing to music now. It's like not not really or I'll be like, okay. I'm going to want to sit down and practice but then I just turns into like this very abstract session of just vibing with music. But yeah, I don't know like Because I can still do like a lot of the tricks that I've competed with before but it kind of gets a little stale after a while or maybe some of the older tricks don't score the same anymore. So I guess I had only want to like feel like competing if I felt like the freestyle was satisfying enough or if I had something interesting to show so I'm kind of just more just more chill about it. I am working a on a on a 3-minute Freestyle right now, but I'm not sure what I'm gonna what I'm going to do it yet. Maybe pnw are or maybe National so we'll see nice nice. Cole Salon L. Talk about your your setup. So what are you currently using? Yo? Yo eyes and now you have a signature model. So yeah. Yeah, I have it right next to me. So yeah, so I used the Doom. Yeah the cyw Dune and I don't know I guess I've been pretty I've been fine with that. I guess other see lyw you is like the Borealis I'm a Anna but yeah, and then recently we had these I think they're called the summer tires instead of snow tires. So they were like a little a little thinner than the normal pads that come in Caribou yo-yo. So I prefer those. Okay, and then I use what is this string kitty kitty 1.5 I think okay. And the bearing is like like platinum and as k something or other, okay, but it's like it's the one that you can get from one of the Japanese stores. I think spin gear because it's like the classic concave shape instead of this depth like yeah, that's so yeah, they're like really consistent. So yeah, that's pretty much my setup is nothing like super fancy. But yeah cool then what's true? 9:30 using or what's your process for getting your string length? It's a is it was kind of funny hearing? I think it was Mark Smart. It's not like that. But it's it's actually pretty pretty close to whatever the full length of this Kitty string is but it's is usually like an inch or so left over that I cut off after I make a slip knot or whatever the initial not what I don't whatever its called. Old but um, yeah, so yeah, but it's not like a super consistent. So I just do whatever feels right? Yeah. Yeah. I think that's it's pretty natural. I'm kind of in the same boat there have a general guideline and then adjust as needed. Yeah, cool. So I know we touched you may be doing pnw are or Nationals. But what are your plans look like for the season? Yeah, so maybe maybe those two. I know I definitely want to go to Nationals for sure. Other than that. I'm not a hundred percent sure on anything else. Um go in the world's would be cool. But I do really want to go to Worlds next year. So, I don't know if I'll say for that or not. So yeah, like my plans are a lot looser. I think now yeah just like busy with like work and stuff. But yeah, I think lately I've been enjoying just getting the chance to travel the contest to or just like the hangout. I think that's one thing that's cool about the European community in the just seeing people that travel just to hang out with friends, you know, so yeah. Yeah, definitely definitely a good side of it. So, I mean speaking on the community a little bit. So maybe you've been around in the area Community for a while you seen a lot of the Abs and flows in it, but in your mind, how can the average yo-yo or grow the yo-yo community? That's a that's a good question. Because I mean I guess I've heard like a lot of different opinions on what's best or like, you know how to make it more mainstream or I don't know just how the girl the community and get into it or get other people into it, but I don't know it's a I mean, I guess you could do like You know more standardized like sports like approach or you know, try to Market it in a way that that's good for like a mass audience, but I don't know I'd like to me I didn't get into yo-yoing for those reasons. So it's it feels weird to suggest that you know, but I think it's I think the community is like big enough or like there's room for multiple points of view so you can have you can have Again, or yoyofactory or you know bigger companies like reach out to large audiences, but then you can also have the niche small companies in like the collector and hardcore yo-yo fan Community also, so I think just having them that mix is as healthy and just being under understanding that there's different reasons why people get into yo-yoing. So yeah. Yeah, I don't know. I guess just introducing yoyo into more people like whatever way you can is just a start. So yeah, cool cool. Well, we are going to move onto our rapid fire question just answer with the first thing that comes to mind we can discuss it a little bit but yeah, definitely don't think too hard on each one. So just first thing that comes to mind, so, all right, you ready? Yeah. All right question number one favorite freestyle from World's 2019. The both of the both of the Hajime freestyles nice, um or ornate daily. I think he had a really good. Yeah. He had a really good pre-sell to so one of those the energy in the room for needs freestyle was just it was insane. Yeah, really crazy. Yeah. I mean that one that one was definitely up there for me. That was that was a good one. All right favorite quick snack while yo-yoing Yeah, I don't I don't snack back. Guess that makes sense with cool water. I can't guess that makes sense with the the shorter Windows. Yeah. All right. So favorite hobby outside of yo-yoing. That's the tough one, too. I feel like I lack Focus because I'm into like so many little things. Yeah name a couple of them. I don't know. I guess like other skill toys. Like right Kendama and just all that other like nerdy stuff. I guess sometimes I what else I don't know. I guess like art art and design related stuff photography. I dabble with producing music even though I'm terrible at it. We gotta it's one of those things. So you gotta start some. Yeah, right it always sounds worse to you than it does everybody else. Yeah video game. - I don't know just normal normal stuff cool, but all over the place. All right, next one colorway of choice. So if you could only pick one color way, what would you be going with? dang maybe maybe like some kind of blue or like teal like I was using that like blue yo-yos for a while like every time I competed but I don't know also now that I'm thinking about it like All White Everything is a is a look that that's a Vibe. Yeah, that's that's the question one. Yeah, or all black everything. I don't know matching your yo-yo to your outfit. That's another vibe us. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know I guess blue yo-yos, I guess. All right cool. And then last one so, what's your favorite place to go for a contest? So, I don't know maybe so far maybe Japan like Tokyo is definitely one of my favorite places. I've been to like just in general. So yeah technical it's pretty cool to see like where all can take you you know, yeah. Does that answer? It's all over the place for everybody. So it's really cool to hear that. So, where did you get to go and Tokyo? Oh, well, never mind. I would say Japan and then I was like, well, there's the answer, right? Yeah. No. Yeah, I get it. Yeah, but I did pretty much just stay like around the Tokyo area are like greater Tokyo area but um like it each time I've been there but yeah, it's fun like every every time to be honest, even though it's like a lot of touristy stuff, but it's just so different than what I'm used to so Yeah, it's definitely like one of my favorite places to visit for sure cool. Alright, so last part so where can people follow you? For stuff. Yeah, just I guess my Instagram is probably the place where I post like the most yo-yo related things. I think it's just my name Anthony underscore Ross. I think cooling off of that in the show notes. Okay, cool. And then I'm going to plug your yo-yo as well. Yeah. Yeah, so go buy a Caribou Lodge do now probably. I don't know. Where is that your expert? Yes. Yeah, they just did a drop not that long ago didn't they? Yeah, I think so. So I carry expert or just check whatever, you know local retail online store. Yeah, pretty cool. Alright. Well, thank you for your time. Yeah for sure. Nice talking to you boop.