Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are people saying like I can't believe that you were that horrible to Jessica Simpson. I didn't see a single comment saying that and I didn't leave one myself, but I but you know, what it do you want to do? I did I thought Nick Lachey and seemed really lovable and almost I don't know if I want to use the word innocent or the victim or I don't know. I thought he came across looking really well in her book John Mayer not so much. No remember last time he I had read ahead watch that interview where Vanessa and Nick were saying like no we haven't read it and kind of insinuated like, oh, they wouldn't they were above it or whatever, but I kind of want to be like Nick you totally should read it because he Came off looking really good. I completely agree. Really good Aunt let's be honest though. If Andrew had an ex-wife who wrote a book and she had chapter upon chapter about Andrew. We would both be reading it every night. Like of course she would you want to read and see what how she portrayed you and I thought she did a great job. I mean, I don't know if them in her life, but it seemed very complimentary. Yes for sure. And probably if someone asked you about it, you would say no. I haven't read late at night reading the chapters over. It over again. Okay. Second thing I wanted to talk about. I would say Jessica and Nick when we were growing up in high school were like America's sweetheart kind of right like maybe College. Yeah. I was I'm glad you said College. I'm a little bit older than you and maybe it's College. I think I'm wrong. I'm probably not high school. I remember watching newlyweds. Am I wrong? I feel like I watched newlyweds when I was a newlywed or at least when I was dating Andrew, we would watch that show together. Okay, okay. College yeah, what about another couple who was very America's sweetheart dish was like gin and Brad, right? Yes. Okay. Did you see where they had that like moment at that award show? Yes, and I read the car mean clearly. I need to get something else to do with my time, but I read the comments like I don't know if it was today or somebody posted a picture in my feet and I was reading the comments and people were saying like just Then you can do better didn't he cheated on you Jin stay away from him, but I saw the picture and was like, oh, please get back together. You're so cute. They're so pretty. Okay. I read the comments. I went to like YouTube and I watched all the videos of his hand touching her back or her hand touching his back and then pausing to watch her accept her award. It was so sweet and I agree. They would have like the cutest kid. Oh my gosh, we haven't even talked about this but I went on YouTube and watched his Golden Globes accepted speech and they kept like or once or twice. They showed her while he was giving his acceptance speech and she just looked so proud it may be that maybe she's like such an amazing amazing actress. She just was playing the part of an ex-wife that looked proud but I bought it I bought it all so cute. Are we normal? Did everyone else watch this? No, we're not normal. Okay, one other awards show thing. Did you see Renee Zellweger's arms? I mean, I love her. I love her. I don't know that I noticed her arms. Are they Joe Shea? Yes, you need to go back and watch I mean, she's okay. I don't have like the love for Bridget Jones that you know, she's okay, but I mean, she's not one of like my favorite actresses, but when I was looking at everything people wore, I could not get over her arms. Okay, I'm gonna have to let that out amazing. I watched her acceptance speech They do not pay attention. I'm not as shallow as you are. No, I mean when she when I learned that she was 50 in her arms look like that. It looks amazing. I mean yes, I just watched Judy the movie she won the award for and she looks amazing in Judy. Just I mean amazing so I'm gonna have to go back and look at be shallow and look at her. Yeah, look at it through my eyes and notice her arms. Okay, tell me what you're watching on Netflix right now. Oh my gosh. Well, I'm not watching on Netflix. I'm watching it on HBO, but I'm watching make millions. Okay? Yes. Yes because it about it's okay. It is fascinating. I could not stop talking about it. And so Andrew started watching it and now he won't stop talking about it. I didn't know this happened, but do you remember back when we were Kids were there was the McDonald's had the Monopoly game, you know, like you would like pull a piece off like your French fries or whatever and okay. I didn't know it was all a scam. So the show is about it ran from like 1987 to 2001. I mean it ran for a long time and apparently it was a scam and all of the winnings like 24 million dollars were actually being collected by like one person in the whole. Whole thing was a scam. So the show it's just so interesting how it unfolds and how they find out and who would think to I don't know Elliot never crossed my mind to scam like a game like that. You know, that's just it blows my mind that somebody was creative enough to take the McDonald's Monopoly game and realize. Oh I could scam the company out of all of it. So that's what I'm watching and I very much liked it. It's on HBO. Okay, I'm gonna have to watch. It's really interesting. I had a little like lull in between the shows. I was watching and I tried my best to give the office another shot. Okay, how far do you make? Oh, I mean probably episode 4 and here are my thoughts on that one. It's so hard for me to get past the fact that I want everybody that works there to just find a new job. Okay. I was holding my breath. I did not think that since you're going to say, right Boss is awful. I don't remember his name but Steve's character Michael Scott. He's not he's actually a really good boss at the end of the day. He has a big heart as you get better at the end. No, he's better at all the episodes. He's not nice at this point, but maybe it's because I'm only on episode four. I think you have to appreciate that. He is a unique kind of boss. But at the end of the day, he loves everybody that works there like his job is his whole life. I love that show. Although I will say I've watched every episode I watched it when it was on live TV, you know, but I think that the episodes season 1 2 3 and 4 are much better than after season for so if you don't like the first season I should just do not watch okay. Last episode we talked about swimsuit because we're headed somewhere warm on our spring break trip. Yes. How's it going? Did you get any new swimsuits in is it working better? I mean listen, I have some swimsuits. It's going to be a hodgepodge. You know, I I don't like my swimsuit. I don't know why but I don't like my swimsuit top and bottom to match the correspond. I always make my top different than my bottom. So that's going to work out really well because As I it's a hodgepodge of this top from Old Navy is going to go with this bottoms from four years ago and one might be brown on the other one is lime green, but we're gonna make it work. It's I don't know if it's because it's early, you know, it's not summer yet. Yes where the trends are changing and I okay you and I talked about this a lot. But our waists are very different like you have a nice long ways and I have a very short waist like my boobs were Estan, my bellybutton. Do not like the high waisted for me is like wearing an upside-down tankini like it the high waisted doesn't work because I waste goes up like way too high. So I actually like my torso looks longer if my bottoms are smaller, but I'm almost 40 so my bottoms don't need to be that small well and it's it's it's hard to have bottoms that are kind of small in the front to give the longer way. Yes errands. Still covering the back so I guess yes, I was going to tell everyone that last time when we talked about this afterwards. Tell them about the text we got I remember oh my gosh, your mom. I love Eric is mama. She is just one of my favorite people and she sent us a text of her trying on a swimsuit and she looked fantastic. Yes. She looked great, but you weren't expecting that text and she even was like get ready girls here. It comes like she was preparing our hearts for what we're about to see. I mean she looked great but I just made me realize I need to censor these podcasts in a way that we don't get some sort of picture every time from my mom no know if your mom wants to send us a picture every time of something kind of crazy. I'm all for it. So this is added material. I thought she looked amazing. I know she was trying to be like appreciate where you are right now girls because one day you'll be quote old, but I thought Tina looked just spectacular so it was encouraging to me. Well, that's sweet. But mommy don't have to send us one today. I paid him something to sip bikini pic the stuff that let's ask for that. Sounds good. Okay something Shay. And I have been doing is we've been working on the Manda strong Foundation gala committee and our event is in two days from when we're filming this so Che to hell Tell me what has been the hardest part or just something you weren't expecting to be difficult. Do you have thoughts on them? So I this was the first time I've ever done anything like this and I was very naive and are you I just I've never done something like this before but I was happy to jump on board and take accept the challenge, but I guess I underestimated that it's really kind of like planning a wedding. Yes, and Auction at the same time because you have to at least we have had to an hour Gala nail down everything from invitations to the valet to food to water or tea. Like what's going to be sitting there to the band. So all of those kind of wedding details save the dates all of that stuff, but then at the same time it's also an auction. So then it's getting sponsors getting auction items finding an Auctioneer. It's two really big things happening at the same. Same time. So it's just I'm glad we started 12 months ago. I think we needed every bit of that time but I just did not know what to expect. I but I'm very grateful that so many other people participating didn't know what to expect and have been able to help us along the way. Yes, I completely agree. What surprised you the most. I think the thing that surprised me the most is I realized how undetailed oriented I am because someone will say Something that's like a small thing that we need like envelopes or something little and I'll be like, oh my gosh, I never would have thought about that just because I'm thinking big picture like the band the food. We have all the big important stuff. Like this shouldn't be you know, that big of a deal we got it covered. But all the little details are something that surprised me. I mean everything from the napkins to you know, the envelopes just all those little details. I just wasn't Prepared to thank you cards to yes, all of those things. So it's been a learning process and I'm very grateful again that other people that knew more were a part of it as well because I certainly did not know like 1% of what I needed to know for this so it's been I've learned a lot that's fun and kind of stressful for sure. It's been a lot more work than I would say. What I was anticipating needs are. Committee has been so good and so great and they've worked so hard. Okay. Next topic is spring break. Yes. We leave. I mean when you're listening, hopefully we leave tomorrow as we're working on this we leave in a week from today, right? What is today? Yeah one week from today. Have you started packing? Oh heavens. I haven't started packing but I have my list and I feel like if I have my solid list, then that's more than halfway there. You know so that that way when I get ready to pack I can pull up my list and I've already purchased, you know, everything from sunscreen to body wash, you know, everything that I've needed that I can just start assembling it and trying to put it into suitcases. Yes. I don't think this will surprise anyone but oftentimes on trips like this because I'm the more unorganized friend. I will say like she's Shea tell me how I should be packing for this trip for our family right have I said, That already yet. You have even asked me to just send you my packages before which I have only do I mean, I don't think you'd send it for this trip, but you should I just she has a very just in her core. She's very organized with everything. So that's not really how I roll most days. That's a too polite way of describing me. No, it's true. It's true. So anyway, I am I actually have stuff set out already that I need to pack. Because I'm not as organized. So it's going to take me longer than it's going to take Shay. It's it's all about having the stuff. Although I was at Target yesterday and Andrew and I had made a list of things. I needed to get from Target for our trip, you know, toothpaste just all of that stuff and he wanted Andrew is so weird. He likes the combination as of SPF 30 and SPF 15. Well, he's the only one that uses a 15 to me. Like why are you exactly So I went to Target they had no SPF 15 like none. So I called him and I said like they don't have any and he's like are going to go to another store and I'm like no, you're just not going to have SPF 15 life use half as much 30 Andrew. I mean, it's like it's crunch time. You gotta start checking stuff off your list now so that when it's time to pack you have it. I'm sure he will go by his own SPF 15, but it's you have to go do that stuff so that when it is time to pack you're not trying to run to Target then because that's never Again, yes, okay, the way you started that you said Andrew and I made a list. Okay, there's a difference between the shoals in the slot when you said that I like silently started chuckling because one I don't know that tab even knows that we're going on a trip in a week for two if you asked him if he needed anything, he would say no right now, but we leave on Wednesday and on Tuesday. He's going to tell me something you needs or he's gonna run to the mall. Or store to pick it up because that's when tabs and have tab will pack on Wednesday morning. So many things would guess that's the difference between the Slaughters and Shoals it never has this happened the other day. They came over for dinner or something and shape planned ahead of time. I was like, hey, you want me to bring anything? And I said no. No, we got it. We have everything. Well lo and behold the day of something that I thought tab was going to take care of. He was like, oh I texted Andrew, he's gonna bring it. It's fine right there. Little help. We are always happy to help it's just funny and it's probably why we work well because if there were four of us who were super organized we would just sit around in circles and look at our list, you know, I do remember wasn't it when we went to Greece. I'm pretty sure tab bought an entirely new wardrobe it like 4:00 p.m. The day before we left. Yes, that's what tab does which is kind of like no stress on him. He's gonna go get it knocked out. Pack it and no stress. He's gonna realize Tuesday that he doesn't have enough swim suits to wear Mo. Yeah, and it's going to be the same thing. He's gonna have to go get some but yeah, that's how Slaughters tend to roll. Here's the thing about Andrew. We we don't argue about it anymore because I've come to terms with it, but Andrew refuses to pack a mini like I get many shampoo. They need to face in the deodorant many face washes. Many everything my whole bag is filled with minis, but Andrew refuses to pack the mini he wants to take his full-size bottle of everything because for some reason like he just must have the full-size bottle. So when it's time to pack too much space is taken up on his full-size bottles and I always get you know, I get annoyed and then he gets annoyed that I'm annoyed because I don't understand do you pack minis because I pack mini everything. Okay know which It's funny because I just started searching. Where do you go into the store to buy the travel size? Yeah, but I don't even care. If it's not my normal. I always think I'm on medication if my moisturizer or toothpaste is not the same that I normally use like I'll survive I would just rather do anything then pack a full-size something. Okay. I remember on a trip. I think we were at Disney World. We were somewhere and I remember it's when we kind of shared a room. Do you remember that? When you and I did well, no, it was like we each had our own room and then we had an extra room a bonus room split. Yes. Okay, and I remember the guys would go in there and shower because they just didn't have as much stuff and I remember one time walking in and I mean, I'm not going to say there were leaders side Bob. I'm telling you but I remember being like Oh, if I run out of this Andrew has plenty because he had like shampoo. That was a full-blown big bottle. It was probably the leader. Sighs I really don't think it was but I remember now. I'm not good at this because I don't think to order them and then it's like I'm you know, I'm Amazon priming everything and I'm trying to order everything that I need. So I'm not having to go into the store but it's hard to remember to purchase travel size things. Okay? No, then he gets annoyed with me too. Because and this is of course, it's 16 years of traveling together. We figured it out I've realized oh, I don't need to pack mini toothpaste, right because Andrew is going to pack up a full brand new big. Yeah. His pain he's gonna pack again, but then he's always like right using my toothpaste right go into my bag looking for my toothpaste and I'm like if I didn't I mean if I didn't mind something manly I'd be using your deodorant right now. Like you've got all the products right over there. Like why should I be wasting my space on toothpaste when I know you have the big jumbo sized one? Yeah. Don't get any shampoo Andrews gonna your exactly right then backs for all 12 of us. Andrea is bringing the personal hygiene products for the whole group. Okay, I will say I We with Andrew in the fact that I think well if I switch something what if I like break out? Okay. Well, I'm on the trip or I don't want to speak on his behalf. But in my head he's thinking like if I don't my whole world is going to come crashing down. I don't know. He really likes their don't even like great. I mean, they're fine products, but you know what I'm saying? It's not even like they're super I mean Head and Shoulders is pretty basic right? I don't know why we can't find that in the mini, but it's stuff like that where I think you could pack that in a minibus. Really feels more comfortable with this full-size I get it. I mean because I would be thinking my hair. Oh my gosh, my phone's ringing so sorry. That is so inappropriate. I to be fair though. I'll give Andrew. I'll cut him some slack because he will pack one pair of flip-flops and I will pack eight. There you go. So see ya face is all taken up with the amenity. Yes, so I have to be fair because he will pack a normal amount of other things and I'm like Of course, I need 14 cover-ups. So we both we both overpack in our own ways. Yes tab doesn't all have all the space because he's going to have to swim suit a small part of the suitcase. Okay. Is there anything else you want to add know? I'm really excited about our trip and I'm also super excited that our podcast is getting even more new and improved with each episode. So hopefully people will like this episode even more Episode 1 and will continue to find our groove and they'll always continue to improve. Yes. I know hopefully practice will make perfect and they'll just keep getting better and better. That's my hope to okay. Oh one quick thing. I was gonna say. Yes. We talked last week about Alaskan cruise has yeah and now is the time to be booking if you're interested in going to Walt Disney World during the holidays so last here I got to go over. I mean it was in August, but the fall Decor was all up and it was gorgeous and the Mickey's not-so-scary Halloween Party tickets just became available for the fall. So if you're interested in traveling and checking out all Disney World has to offer during the fall or even Christmas time now is the time so send us an e-mail at mix and match travel agency at yahoo.com or check out our website. I When we see pictures from our clients when they go to Walt Disney World all year long. I love when they send us their pictures when they get home but my favorite or always when they go during fall or during Christmas just because the parks are even more spectacular. I love looking at those pictures. Yes, their pictures are the best. Yeah. That's a great great time of year. So I know there's a lot of people that are thinking about it. Maybe I should go to because it sounds like so much fun. I know it will be Yeah, okay. Well, thanks for listening today everyone. Aw. Thank you so much for coming back. We're so excited and we're going to go off on our vacation now, and we'll see you when we come home, bye-bye.