Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion.Life is not that easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys. Okay, look and by our office manager, so they're particularly in one department now, but this Oracle clinical. Mike is this it? Love it behind no matter what? Yeah, just get that as a gift the best surface for some of the most venomous taenia the skin appears in Brockville craggy surface. Excellent. Get to see the mafia. No, no, Audrey. I'm gonna miss can be okay. I promise it'll be companionship with the orbital splitting the ovule an inconvenience for the in check-in and check-out. Kannada Amrita Arora if I meet you there from deceit or Della Guardia, the river Kyle as they are in the front tire goes for minor for minor is Total Image you did so Come honey. Did you get back and you guys bug eccentric America see and our move? Yeah cookie time. Then you are getting the proper amount. We saw mathematically muscle of the catacomb Le hace trouble. This didn't even more busty from this. Neela. Yeah, we can from this you too. Yes, I am. Yeah, it's a Jaguar Jaguar, Nevada. They're pretty good actor and actress guys. - dr. Catherine. Yeah, if Rhonda ciutadella their stage or on the account Avec. America should have worn off and open you do it. It's not that easy police more complicated than it looks but mostly people are looking at the front office get okay. Okay that or this Smiles on the scale grid the gas the Smoothie to send somebody to so into this, okay. Churn, and in today's episode as well get about Panama young I break down particularistic mistake my arm the guy at the hotel office Department listening you about. Excuse the title is about from this life and the smoother hair my mind. I am content then we have you got ready in the agency for cornea. Kereama do not have the ideas. He has an ID. Bottle, I'll I stepping in chicken panda. I used to meet a lot of people characteristic and I could you remember the community with you? people there in the front office Department political back by Jack White That was the Mannie a Panamanian travel purpose match the movie thing with you. Okay, basically if that is processable I from this a gel and the last Moon can around pitamah silver Belle Boyd and security. Oh, yeah must be me the citizen but mention Moc there is a sarong horizontally. Check it Lisa R. Yeah, Messiah. Stuck in traffic. He lost his wallet anything like this happen you Hotel can can you imagine you have a role and D jet lag traffic will get the somebody Hotel December all a from this. Yeah. Tomorrow then begin to passive atomic number, but that's the reality. Terrence is here colors anxiety from this try to fill the geishu in your shoe. America a job where break up into some pennies in America expect America after lung soon Department of Buckingham and get a hot shower. It's called living in a good bad or anything, but I got that goes crazy. But I am so for the theater now. I'm a doula Sauron from this it would be to the diverse line to Nia. Yeah, Nia man Nuremberg use vrs. Punia 82 men still communica. See did you guys people Tough. I have an hour and communication skill art. Yeah paying communication skill and but give money to give me some had a picanha is Adam Levy marah? Marah problem, right beside it is not always perfectly time to check out your new bless you bless you jack. You cannot predict it but no one cannot predict it and I called you guys predictable. I can get that for you guys. You can make it part of taking the hotel to get the most bang my girl. But we do some pay the hotel at least at least up ability to solve the Practical great record in and warm. You can smile. Birgit - and most America Cassidy can do here. She also served in and welcomed ringing. Yeah the next year. They're mine. I did it Johnny Joe. They're expecting the pak'ma'ra Chipotle like you got a new paint job with the genuine smile that it was a welcome, but if you give them a genuine Smile mom. Can you go more about this year? Basically, I'll come back in a few for this guitar are pretty have a good smile, but I'm going to be London do Senor any monies or anything? I don't pass the I don't know. Us sure Annie you got living in magenta right? And thank you so much. We'll talk every Department. Yeah, I've been in me. Mine is a summer saying this breakfast you got I figured the best go back to sharing my demon Kane things behind the scenes to reveal medicine. Okay, get exceeding 30 addict. Mm-hmm. Just order it over. I guess you want to check out? Around with the feathers of a particular author super delivery and Acacia weekday. This is the bill when you stop work at the hotel. Mostly your time is occupied mostly about Layla the are sometimes yes. Both loyalty loyalty Karma Lolita's Tampa Bay has a hashtag here. other clue hand in theory copy buggies or on from this at this bug is around hotelier, but there Yeah, but the position in the front desk ticket has developed a process flow together. We have to get it done. But there's our TV. It happened for me and happen. So we would gamble is navami katashi me. See alhamdulillah front office the ultimate else until you do we treat each other like a family. Yeah. Okay. See a mr. Liebreich Alana really good. I couldn't see a column Vector Destructor to ciimb Daddy. He doesn't involve a lie the color really good down cooperative. Salama a media or leave and let's follow column in the table can happen. Yeah, we both are the good kind of animal. He took a standard. Look at afternoon. Yes, but then you pick something up to class. Okay with the sigma XI grab my clothes. Fix Liberty Hari Krishna Johnny Yes Family Matters or anything and I cannot predict it as well. Me guess I add into my freaking some there are some times when you will have them. Then see Apple ID and password. Hello Slenderman. swine, Bass But I'm sticking to him behind it. They say they yeah. Okay, I will seek any amount by saw in India support America's about Connie a while. Yeah, we made a lot of people with different characteristics. Okay. Yeah different them for you guys. You're an idea. I just have to bear. Okay, Lon. Okay, monkey Mia Farrow because he or she company. Thomas Young by the Olympic event. Okay, but L. I did not my book report on my yeah. I'm also Factory today. checkin checkin That is get one feel welcome. Yeah, I know most important. Yeah, Kevin, you gotta William mattar. I get you back on to talk about my God you guys how I feel so warm the see somebody knee escape on. I did have an incident or something, but your brother I do. Yeah, but the sharpened you gotta have a good stay at I have a nice steak and getting it back to Bangladesh. You can call me sir. fighting get us Look at what you're good at the massive but album that I mean by any checking in waves and idea for just a time where 1,000 calories in Nikita has a surprise for I guess I'm a little surprised get where you can see covid. Okay, Tim you want a meal and I used to watch you. See by what we were quaking. Yeah, but it's Malachi gc7 area guitars. Some new array and also a leader see some of the best. Can we talk about on Jada mean he's single. My file Bonilla to be calm you down at the bamboo and requesting teams that have uncovered something around about that's the smoking thrust non-smoking Sonia get a block in yellin freeze at how do you explain to that expensive? Deputy Marty Please please please please please now this video kit that we have discussed how besides calendars now because Colin Kaepernick has it happens a lot. I know you guys are taught that par saves. I got caller ID on the target. that Lisa Come on smoking of these topics idid not be sad at the same party. We all sign at the bottom using the minority then upload will appeal has on Kita explanation. Kita must not allow the game reserve and okay fine. Then I'm gonna call me Sonia Kita, uh, Kita to see to a see the negative result for how long this is appreciate and she proceeded. Tricked again. I just leave Harvey - I'm literally like a candy Olympic dream of this. It is all clear that Upon Our Minds the way we deliver the message to move for me to it is And smiles now that I see noodle my mom. I'd like to you guys to give the audience an explanation some advice kind of by the Pomodoro young but as I'm going to do a Boolean But us. Booking, then we go temperature. Can't this following the that time also I need to see you. second gaming Zone Yeah, thanks to the person double that gets reassigned the double. We just double keep that arm. Sweetie depositing on lion and laundry and and you mooch off from this agent. Oh my God, it's creepy. You deserve a surface like a king and there but it happened about compliance party try and sort of right here and respectful because we are a professional Hotel. Yeah, okay get that heated or professional opinion will prophesy Kita Kita convey any under Dennis baek-moo. Kin. That along respect. Apply a non concave. Hey Lulu. I know you're not a kid you not that kind of King. You don't have a person is not way to get that enough. Okay. I think it's pretty much like that the front office life. Can you guys give us and give me plus and statement? Episode Colony. Okay, buddy. colors Surah hotelier It took my mom. we are so always my friend Seattle like they're pretty bulky to sort of opinion because I don't want to see your pasta and that's gonna see ya. Yeah, I just miss a performance. There is a smile even though you started crying. Sorry Audrey, but we saw him. This from this life it will pass around from this is 42 and people are getting their wrong stigma about that. Yeah the to be served as a king. What happened about compliance particular your idea? You're not that kind of cake. Yes, exactly you okay. It's pretty much like this this episode about from this life Pocoyo can stop assuming that as a hotelier, especially the front desk looking it or not because my mama, yeah, we need to keep our Smiles on we need to being an actress and actor. Sir, but yeah, it's hard to explain but you will feel it someday not gonna be look like he's some of my nausea here opinion. That's a wrap for today. Thank you so much. I will delay and party. Oh, thank you. Thank you so much you guys. Do I find this life? Okay, keep the world of the more I get the episodes or engineer, which is episode Big Daddy Bingo the pan hot Sarah support earlier tough life because you're strong.